It fits well, build quality is decent. There is really no other option if you need to rack-mount the Qu-16 mixer.                
Okay, I owned the first generation Mix Wiz for my 5 piece rock band and was very pleased with it. Two generations have come since, the Mix Wiz 3 and now 4. I was ready to upgrade and actually bought the Soundcraft FX 16:2 which was supposed to be comparable. It was not, MAYBE it is with my old A&H model, but I wanted better, so I took the Souncraft back and bought the A&H Mix Wiz 4. All I can say is it blew me away !. They say they have re-designed and upgraded the pre-amps. THEY HAVE !! Much more punch and headroom which is just what I was looking for, and the new digital effects have improved. EQ In/ out switch has been added. It is very sturdily built. This is truly a great board for a rock band needing lots of headroom and great sound quality.
show less                
I work sound for an area band, started small with mixers , and found what I wanted....this little mixer has it all, and with a name that is rated as one of the best. The Allen & Heath has all the great features of larger format mixers, not to mention USB connectivity for recording right to a personal device or lap top. Comes with lots of added recording software that takes time to understand, but once understood, works great. The effects are basic and has enough to do what is wanted for live performances. Only down fall is that if you want to add this unit into a case, you need to really search around to find the ears, not everyone carries them. For the money, all and all perfect mixer for small to average sized groups..                
This is the first time I have had my hands on A and H products and I have to say, very nice. It is well built, the pots feel good, connectors are high quality units with good hold. Sound is nice and transparent. I use an off board preamp so my mics go right into line in on the channels, however I did test out the full potential of the pre's and I say very nice. Lot of gain, little to no noise. Board is well designed, easy for me to see even though there is a lot packed on it in a small space, for what it does. I have not tried the USB part of it, that was an option that I did not need so I can not say as to it's usability. I am using 2 Blue Bluebirds and a Woodpecker with ART preamp, leveler, and eq. High end, transparent, natural sound does not cost a fortune to achieve if you know the best place for your pieces. I recommend A and H and if I upgrade a mixer in the future, it will be them.                
The Allen & Heath ZED 18 is an incredible board if you're doing mid/small sized clubs. It's got 10 XLR input channels, which suits my little 4 piece band pretty well. To keep it affordable A&H didn't include any onboard effects, which is okay with me since I find onboard effects to be a little "lacking" sometimes. Setup on this thing was a breeze! I took it out of the box, mounted it into my rack, connected a Lexicon MX200...ran my QSC K12's to the board and LIFTOFF! Just doing a few "check check's" made me realize that this board was going to work out phenomenally. I didn't even need an actual EQ, the preamps were so crystal clear, combined with sweepable mids and some 100mm faders, I had a good vocal mix right out of the box. I've yet to hook it up for home studio use, but I'm sure I will get to that sometime, since it comes with a USB hookup and the Cakewalk Sonar software...it'll be something to tinker with in the future. If you're looking for a really simple setup, with great quality and clarity, I'd say look no farther than the Allen & Heath ZED 18.                
I was just like you deciding on a major purchase to improve my entertainment business. I read many reviews of many different mixers.  Finally started my hands on journey .
Presonus 16.0.2 : A fine little mixer, takes about a day to learn coming from analog. Firewire 400 connection, confusing  effects, not what i would consider a Live performance mixer. $899
Presonus 16.4.2AI : Huge upgrade to the 16.0.2. easier to learn than the 16.0.2, firewire 800, effects were nice, but with everything I tried the vocals were thin, I really wanted to like this board, the size is huge!, took it to a live gig, nothing but feedback problems from the get go. $1399
Zed12fx : So after that, I was really hating the idea of a digital mixer. So I tried the zed12fx analog. Probably the best analog mixer I had ever used, if the USB connector hadn’t become unstable, I would probably still have it. $499
Than I read a review of the Allen & Heath QU-16C, as a matter of fact I read many. This mixer took all of 3 hours to get acquainted with and performed flawlessly. Vocals were spot on, effects are easy to manipulate,  USB connection, qu-drive makes quick recording simple. Build quality is second to none. Did my first LIVE gig with it over the weekend, gave myself an hour to setup but only took 10 minutes. $1799
Conclusion:  I ended up learning that what I wanted in a mixer were, Clear vocals, Great Effects, Compression, Equalizer, Build Quality and Easy Recording. My decision ended up costing more than I had wanted to spend, but my peace of mind was worth it.
I purchased this mixer 3 months ago for my home studio and i must say i am very pleased with the functionality, ease of use and overall integration with my set up. Having 3 layers of 32 faders, all my gear technically feeds right into it, including the DAW sofware i'm using. No complaints for me sor far yet.                 
I purchased my QU32 approximately 4 months ago and have been happy ever since. With a few tweaks, it can be even better.  Pros: Great motorized faders, custom group setting for faster access, Great EQs, Easy recording settings, Lightweight and easily portable...Cons: Can't customize channel colorization, Needs better RTA (Midas M32 style). Overall, very pleased and would recommend over other comparable consoles.                 
I had owned the QU-16, which is a fantastic mixer. The only downfall I found was it's size. So when I heard about the QU-SB, I knew I needed to check it out.
I absolutely love this mixer, very compact size, all the bells and whistles of the QU Series mixers, QU-Drive works fantastically, The QU-Pad app is as close to perfect as Ive ever seen. If you need a new mixer, this is it!
Don't hesitate, you will not be disappointed. at 700 dollars less than the QU-16 for the same machine it's a no brainer.
Love this little Monster
Remember you can Hardwire the ipad to the mixer using a couple adapters, if you're afraid of just using a wireless connection.                
Ease of operation, great sounding, good looks, connects easy With other stuff, super features, All in All Best in class.                
For 300$ or so, you cant beat this mixer - I had studio monitors for years and they never sounded so good, until i got this mixer. Just so you know, you can actually hook up 2 turntables and 2 cd players, of course you can only control 2 channels, but if you are on a budget, its great - the sound is amazing, so clean and pure - i would recommend to anyone -                 
To start off this mixer sounds fantastic! The build quality is awesome, and the filters are a lot of fun to play with. The price is decent, very solid mixer for the price. This mixer would be the ultimate 2 channel mixer for me, if not for a few things. My main gripe is that the LED meter only represents the master output of the mixer, there is no individual channel output LED (channel 1 or 2 option). I like to eyeball the trim levels with the channel LEDs before mixing, and not being able throws me off a little. The other gripes I have is the xone innofader can be a little difficult to track down, not impossible though. Lastly, there is weird phasing when using an rmx 500/1000 unit with send/return. Wish they had placed a wet/dry knob on this mixer, like on their xone 43. Not really a big deal, but I think its worth mentioning. Overall I'm not totally unhappy with this mixer, but I'm not entirely sold yet. I find it's taking me longer than expected to get used to it. Wish I hadn't thrown out my box, I probably would have returned it. I just really thought I would have liked it more                
Simply amazing mixer, Sound quality is spectacular, build quality very solid and pro feeling, Allen Heath filter the BEST !! plus Digital effects, can't complain very worth spending.  Love it !!!                
At this price point, sound is a definite 10. I had a mackie 1202-vlz3 and was happy with it, replaced it with the ZED mostly because I wanted the integrated effects unit. I was shocked however, by the improvement in sound of the preamps, mix engine and overall quality of the ZED compared to the Mackie. My live sound really took a step forward by comparison. The effects too are excellent quality themselves. I think this mixer is just an amazing bargain.                
The main omission is channel mutes - really miss these compared to the mackie. It's nice to have USB computer interface included but keep in mind it's just 16-bit. If only it was 24-bit, combined with the high quality mic preamps the ZED could be a very credible studio interface in addition to live mixer. As it is, the USB recording capability is a nice-to-have add-on for recording performances and rehearsals, but not much more.                
About as easy to use as you can expect for a small mixer with effects and USB recording built in. Go through the manual and work with it for a few sessions and you'll have it down.                
Similar to Mackie quality. Metal parts and switches might be a tad 'lighter' and it does use plastic end panels. To the good is an internal power supply and the knobs and connectors all feel solid. No worries, but if you're gigging with it much I'd get some kind of case or at least a gig bag.                
Unless you really must have channel mutes this is the only thing I'd consider in the price range. The sound quality is simply miles ahead of the competition in the range.                
Haven't needed support. The manual is good and I've noticed the designer from A&H hangs out on Gearslutz from time to time..                
Not a terribly pretty thing. More geek appeal than sex appeal. I could see having some wooden end caps made to replace the plastic though. That would be hot.                
Easily the best under $300 mixer I've owned. If sound quality is the most important consideration to you, don't hesitate, get this one.                
Sound: At this price point, sound is a definite 10. I had a Alto Zephyr ZMX862 and was happy with it, until i bought the Allen & Heath Zed10FX mostly because of the very noticeable sound quality difference. The effects were not as much of a seller because the Alto mixer had effects on it as well. I am very pleased with the sound and the mix as i can hear every nuance between my 3 keyboard plugged into it. My sound is really sharp and tight and i only have the master volume half way up. Features: The only con is there is no way to mute channels. It's nice to have USB functionality but it's only 16-bit. USB recording capability is a nice-to-have but you can only do 2 tracks at a time.
Ease of Use: Board was easy to set up and install i was up and running in under 5 minutes.
Quality: Great quality and build very sturdy and stays in place on my mixer table.
Manufactuer Support: I have only had this board for 1 day, i have not needed to contact customer support at all.
Value: if you are looking for superb sound in a small package then don't be alarmed by the price point but focus on the quality of the sound you will get in return. I have had other mixers in the $50-150 range and they sounded good but at the end of the day you get what you pay for.
Wow Factor: I finally saved up enough money to get a Top of line name brand mixer and i must say that i am impressed. I played around with the Digital mixer by Allen and Heath and was  impressed as well.                
I'm a writer/singer first, and a sound guy a distant second. So this mixer worked well for my level of (in) expertise. I use it with a LD MAUI 11 PA. It will be a long time before I learn all the capabilities of this board. But I'm still able to be operational at my novice level with it. My gigs are usually solo with guitar, vocal harmonica. So I use two channels, one voice and one guitar. A little reverb on the voice and that's it. Keep it simple but it projects a nice balance for reaching the type of audience I tend to play for (50-100 listeners). One thing I did notice is that using the HiZ channel for my guitar causes a lot of percussive sounds from the body of the guitar to be heard.  Any contact with my hands on the guitar body is picked up, as well as pick sounds on the strings. I think this is due to the fact that I'm already playing through a L.R. Baggs Venue DI. and Lyric pickup. The HiZ makes sense if you are playing without the DI/preamp. And, when I plug the guitar into a non-HiZ channe,l the contact sounds go away. So I just avoid the HiZ channel with my guitar set up and it works fine. Maybe someone with more expertise in sound than I have would care to comment on this.                
First, zzounds.com was great! My order arrived early and was well packaged. I order most of my cables and consumer level stuff here and the experience has always been great! 
The Allen and Heath ZED10fx is what it is. On the up side, I didn't think I would hear a difference in the slightly higher quality preamps, but I did! It sounds slightly cleaner and more airy than the 12fx. Also,  I noticed that the effects on this little guy seem smoother- I read that they pulled the algorithms out of the big ilive stuff and used a few of them in the 10fx. It could also be that the cleaner pre's are a little more phase coherent and play well with the effects? Meh, either way it sounds a little better than my 12fx, which I also bought here. The EQ's are decent. Not bad at all. 
Down side - if you add the high-pass filter, it takes away from the fidelity a little. If you engage the phantom power, sometimes there is a brief popping, and it brings the fidelity down yet another notch. They really need to improve the grounding scheme on this thing. So, I use a high quality external phantom power source, and don't use the high-pass filter. Some of the pots are loose, as if they might pop off here soon. This is all a quality control issue with Allen and heath, not zzounds. 
Over all, the board is doing what I needed it to do, and that is sit there and be quiet - pun intended! So long that I do not engage a filter of any kind.                 
I play in a band and record at home. For recording at home, since I play all the instruments, I record one track at a time, and for this, the USB output works great. I can put reverb in my headphones but record a raw sound so I don't have to commit to a verb till mixdown. The routing is very flexible and it boosts the signal on my Nord electro keyboard, which has notoriously low outputs, before it hits my QSC K10 speaker. It is lightweight and built with quality components. I would buy it again if it were lost.                
I was extremely satisfied with this mixer. It was very quiet and I was able to interface it with my recording program for some excellent tracks. Well worth the price!!                
I love this mixer, and it has served phenomenally in live performance applications, but I bought it with the mistaken impression that I could use it to record at least 6 tracks simultaneously through the USB port into my recording software, to be mixed separately on the computer.  It cannot!  You can make an analog mix of your 6 tracks on the mixer and send that in, but you get 2 tracks to work with on the computer.  That's it.  Very disappointed, and pretty sure I can't return it at this point.  bummed. :(                
Very clean. I like it.                
I was very happy, I returned it and upgraded to the ZED14FX.                
Somewhat easy but the manual can be upgraded like how mackie does their manual.                
Only tried it foe a couple weeks, but it feels pretty well built.                
Awesome value for quality                
Did not use support                
Love the way it looks, it's practicallity,function and it seems like it's built to last.                
I loved it so I upgraded to the ZED14 right away. It it gets lost/stolen I will be heartbroken and buy the same one next time.                
I bought this little mixer for three purposes: mixing for band practice sessions, streaming ipod music through my powered speakers, and interfacing with Sonar to record music track by track. This mixer does all three things well and the sound quality is great. Getting it to work with Sonar required installing the free ASIO4ALL utility.                
Outstanding addition to my gear!!! The sound quality is really great!                
The pre amps alone are worth the price of admission. They are clean, quiet, musical and are good enough to use for recording if you have a good sound card or interface. They are the best small format pres I have heard so far and beat the heck out of Mackies and the SoundCraft small format mixers. The FET DI inputs on channels 3 & 4 actually work quite well on Bass guitar. Haven't had a chance to use them much on guitar, but I tried running the line out of my VBT1 into one of them with interesting results. The EQ sections sounds fine, although I tend to run things flat because I use it primarily as recording sub mixer for drums and such. The FX are limited but quite usable for live and if you want just a touch of reverb on the monitors or even recording.                
Very nice feature set. I really appreciate the mic level main out capability for chaining to another mixer. The extensive routing capabilities are extremely useful. The primary downside is no mute buttons, but it really isn't a problem, more a matter of convenience. As for the USB, I really don't use it because it is a 1.1 interface and is limited to 16 bits, but if that is all you need it is fine.                 
Plug and play! The routing paths being printed on the mixer makes it really easy to set up in a hurry.                 
This thing is built like a tank! While a tad small (hey, it's a small mixer!), all the knobs and switches have a very good feel. The rotary controls are nicely damped and are very smooth. You feel like you are using a much larger, more expensive mixer. The Zed10's are bit more expensive than some similar models, but if you get one, you will know why the minute you open the box. I just want to add ZZounds did me a great deal with their price matching and I got the FX unit cheaper than the non-FX. Take advantage of their price matching! I have become a hard core ZZounds fan!                
This is one of the best mixers for the money there is. And like I said, with the ZZounds price matching, I got an amazing price but it also enabled me to get that price from a company I trust. I don't know how much ZZounds will want me to say, but let's just say for $229, you would have to pay far more to equal the quality, sound, and features....                
Contacted them about some compatibility issues and they responded promptly and not with a form email.                
It is attractive and well made.                
I expect this thing to be around for a looooong time. My next purchase will be to get more inputs, but after my experience with this small format Allen Heath, I will definitely look at them first for my next mixer.                
I have used Mackie mixers for 13 years now. This is the first mixer other than Mackie that I have used, and I have to say, I wished that I have bought Allen & Heath years ago. This is by far the best mixer I have ever played through. The sound is transparent and silky smooth. The effects are like butter and is a pleasure playing every night with the mixer.                
For what I need it for, you can't beat what it has to offer. I am just a solo guitarist, and for my needs, it's the best. I did a trio last night and worked very well. The other 2 musicians were in awe with the smoothness and the sound clarity of this board.                
Very easy, and straight forward.                 
This mixer is built and feels like a tank. Everything from the knobs to the sliders feels like it was made to stand time and usage. Very well built.                
For the price, I don't think you can find a better mixer with what it offers. Allen & Heath really outdid themselves when designing this mixer.                
N/A                
The color and aesthetics of this mixer looks great. I love the color coordination of the sliders and knobs. You won't get confused with all knobs being black and searching up and down for what you need.                
I have used Mackie mixers for 13 years now and that mixer lasted the 13 years since I bought it. This mixer, the way it feels and performs, should last me till it dies. Even if it does dies on me, you know I'll be getting another one to replace it in a heartbeat.                
Superior!  If you are looking for a professional mixer; grab this one, extremely quite - very impressed.                
Should handle just about anything you can throw at it - many options.                
Probably best for musicians who have experience; however, read the manual and experiment; you'll like it.                
This is my fourth mixer - just wish I had invested in a top of the line mixer in the beginning; could have saved alot of money.                
Hey if you have too - the ez 4 payment program is there if you need it.  They can't make it any easier.                
Treated me right the first time on the phone - had no other reason to call them - they already researched and gave me the lowest price.                
You can see that alot of pride was taken into consideration when they designed this mixer.  In my opinion; it can't get any better (looks & quality)                
You'll never need to buy another one - I'm through looking!                
After many years of trying to cut corners by purchasing inexpensive mixers, I finally decided enough was enough of my constant trips to my favorite electronics repair business. I was tired of losing sleep on nights before a gig-hoping and praying that my mixer would not die again in the middle of a performance. I have always adopted the belief that you must have a backup plan to your backup plan. I still run a rack system and any element (EQ,Compressor, etc.) other than the mixer can just be immediately bypassed-but not the mixer. Mixer dies and there is no sound-period! I currently own 3 identical Behringer Xenyx 2442FX mixers, and although they sound fine and are full of features when working, at least one of them is in the repair shop constantly. I always used one and had a backup close at hand. I finally decided to remedy this problem once and for all and I began researching what would be the absolute best fit mixer for my needs (DJ oldies/beach/motown/top 40/R & B plus live praise band) . After an exhaustive search and review during which I chose to not be concerned about initial cost outlay, the overall choice was an Allen & Heath ZED12FX. I did cost comparisons and found my best deal (by buying a blemished unit on which I have yet to find a blemish) was at zZSounds. I even called their toll free number and spoke with one of their reps who was extremely honest and helpful. Ordered on Sunday and arrived at my home in NC on Wednesday, I was immediately impressed with the quality build of this unit. Upon hooking it up, the sound is incredible, the reverbs are perfect, very easy to route, had the multiple stereo channels I must have, main insert points that I prefer, love the 100mm sliders, and easy to get to everything. My only regret is that there is no gooseneck light socket. Other than that, this mixer has far exceeded my hopes and expectations.The sad part is this: I bought 3 Behringer Xenyx mixers at different times over the years and had terrible reliability. For less than $200 more than any single one of these Behringers, I bought the A&H ZED12FX and probably have the last mixer I will ever have to buy and fully expect it to be worry free, as it has been for the short time I've owned it. I would have saved myself a lot of stress and cash had I bought an Allen & Heath years ago.  
Understand I am not a Behringer basher. I still have 2 of their Europower amps (2500 & 4000) and absolutely love them. I have other Behringer stuff in my rack and am pleased with those also. I just will never buy another Behringer mixer. I'm sticking with Allen & Heath after experiencing the incredible quality of my new worry free mixer.  I have no complaints whatsoever about the sound, performance or look of this mixer. As stated earlier, my only regret is I just wish A & H would install a light socket jack for my gooseneck light.
I have had no need for Manufacturer Support because I have had no problems with this mixer and really do not expect that I ever will, based on how solid and well built it seems to be. Part of my decision making process to choose this mixer, however, was the reviews I read by owners of A & H equipment who praised the support on the rare occasion it was needed.                
Sound quality is excellent and the effects are all usable especially in vocal areas. The addition of parameters to customize the various effects is also a great feature.                
There are many features in this board. I use if for live sound. The channel eq is adequate and the addition of a shelf mid frequency is very useful to adjust those critical vocal frequencies. One question to the manufactures is why there is no master control for the auxiliary 3; I use that auxiliary to drive the subwoofers and it would be useful to control their master output.                 
You have to have some knowledge of basic sound eng. and set up.                
Well built. LIke the red sides...does not have a good place to grab it if you wanted to take it out of a case. 

The power switch is a push button on the back of the unit; if you put it in a case or a bag with the back of the unit on the bottom then the switch get pushed in by the weight of the unit and that may damage the switch.                
N/A                
Nice looking and light.                 
We use this for an acoustic trio and it sounds fabulous both live and as the interface in our home studio.  I think it's best to describe the sound as present, transparent and clean.  When we've recorded with it, the recordings are rich and full (recorded in Digital Performer with a decent large condenser mic).  We use it with a pair of QSC K-10s (one for FOH and one as a monitor) in small coffee houses and the sound is fabulous when the mixer is working - see below about the problems we've had recently.                
We're a little disappointed with the FX.  You would be better served to just get an external FX unit and add it to your rack mount (we have our 12FX mounted and there is space for one fx unit).  The sweepable mids are fabulous on guitars.  Being able to rack mount it with the kit (not provided) is great.  We also like the 1/8th inch headphone jack.  Finally, the inserts for the entire mix are wonderful for adding some overall compression when we play live.                
Learning curve was pretty small, but I'm pretty experienced with mixers and gear in general.  If you know your way around a mixer, you won't have any problems.  The manual spells is all out and the only issue we had was resolved by RTFM.                
Here's where we are totally disappointed.  Only 60 days after having this mixer, the right output on channel 4 and the right output of the headphone mix have completely gone out on us.  The former happened during a gig (thankfully we were using the right main as our monitor mix and the left main for FOH so the crowd had no idea what was happening).  But, we were completely distracted by the horrible distortion coming from what turned out to be channel 4 going out.  The next day we were recording and noticed that the right side of the headphone mix was also out.  However, other than these internal problems, the mixer seems very well built in terms of stability of parts.  The nobs feel very sturdy, and it looks excellent.  Of course, we will always have it in a SKB case so we're not taking any chances.                 
It's a little spendy and we wish we hadn't gone for the internal FX, which do not seem worth the money spent.                
The American distributor for Allen and Heath was very helpful when the mixer had issues.  We are taking to a local repair shop this week and the repair will happen under warranty.  We don't anticipate there being any problems going forward and while this has dampened our initial enthusiasm, the mixer still sounds incredible and we are very, very glad we chose it over the comparable Mackie.  It just sounds richer and more full.                
It looks awesome.  It feels solid and smooth.  If we didn't have the channel issue we'd be in love.                
Assuming the channel issue works itself out and the repair is our last, we are going to be using this mixer for a long, long time.  For a larger band you'll want more inputs but for us, it's perfect.                  
A little about myself, I do Gigs as a KJ (karaoke DJ) as well as a DJ for weddings and such. I use 2 Bose L1M2 systems. Running both from my MacBook Pro.  Doing this for about 7 years now.
So I recently found myself needing a new mixer. 
My first thought was the Bose T1 tone match, so i bought it and used it for a few gigs. Until a wedding where I needed more inputs. It’s a fine mini-mixer, kind of look silly with all my huge system. So I decided to make it my backup.
Next I decided to go bigger digital, so I ordered the 16.0.2 from presonus. Nice mixer, didn't take too long of a learning curve. Nice size, very tinny sound compared to analog mixers I had used in the past. Firewire 400 connection to the Mac, so i needed to buy an adapter. Then the firewire plug on the back became loose, sound cutting in and out. I returned it.
I kind of liked the way presonus had laid out there mixers so I bought the 16.4.2AI, Big improvement over the 16.0.2, Big price difference as well. Huge mixer! ( I mean HUGE) firewire 800 this time.
decided this was the one, until I went to record a show and found out that the FX bus doesn't record without some major tweeting. Well this is a big part of my Gigs, recording singers and such. Also if you don't use firewire and just use the AUX input, it takes some tweaking to get any real punch in your volume. Reluctantly I sent it back.
I have ran the ZED12FX before and it was always reliable and sounded great, also ran the sound craft sig 12 mtg, when it first came out.
The SC is a solid unit, but the zed is far superior IMO. So today I'm back to analog, running the ZED12FX 
The ZED12FX is a true workhorse, digital mixers try to duplicate the sound of analog mixers, but for me as long as they still make analog mixers, I will stick with them.
Just because a digital mixer costs more does not mean it will fulfill your needs. 
The ZED12FX is old school and as easy as pie to record your show back to the computer. I guess Im a tech head always thinking that NEW means better. The mono out makes it easy to just use one of my bose systems . The smaller zeds don’t have that feature and neither do the SC.
But last weekend I had over 300 people that thought my old school analog sound system was the bomb.
This is a great buy for the money,Extremely impressed!                
I just purchased this mixer, i wish it had more EQ on the stereo channels.Over all sound is ok i guess. I made my purchase based on the couple of other reviews i read. For being an Allen & Heath, i'm just a little dissapointed.                
As far as the features go with the USB capabilities they are fine. However i am very disapointed with the effects. Not at all what i expected.                
What's hard about using a basic mixer?                
Built well, should last a long time. However, here again, assembled over seas. Even good products can develop problems, so build quality now days, still doesn't mean much.                
I think this board is over priced, for what you're getting. Would i replace this mixer with another just like it? Most likely not.                
I wrote Allen & Health a few emails inquiring about the Zen 12FX. They were very quick to reply. So i think customer service wouldn't be an issue.                
This mixer looks fantastic. But i was expecting more.                
I bought this as a triple purpose mixer. I run an open mic night with it, mix my bands live performances (1 main bus, 2 monitor mixes, and a outboard reverb stereo bus from my Mac) and for recording my podcast. The preamps on this mixer are great. The EQ is nice, I love that this mixer has channel inserts at this price range. The 100m faders feel great. The knobs feel solid and the construction seems to be top knotch. This mixer works great right out of the box and if I had any complaint I could see the aux bus routing being a little confusing at first, but not insurmountable with a little bit of experimentation.                
This is my second Allen & Heath sound board, I need something to mix a band and pre-recorded music.  This covers all the connections I need to mix, plus some.  It is so easy to use and setup very quickly in the sound check, and is a solid board.  Nobs don't feel cheap, this is a very good buy for the price.  I have used this for DJing dances, parties, karaoke........Love it!                
The ZED14 mixer is designed primarily for live performance but I have been using it for recording with very good results. There is a lot of functionality and selections related to PLF and USB & Aux bus routing. Some of the choices are not intuitive but an e-mail to Allen & Heath customer tech support resulted in prompt and excellent answers to all of my questions. The USB connection to my DAW PC works seamlessly, no special drivers required. This board surpasses small Mackie and Yamaha mixers that I have owned previously. You really can't go wrong for the price point.                
We upgraded from a Yamaha 512c mixer and are absolutely amazed at the clarity of the Allen & Heath ZED22FX Mixer. We did buy 2 of the CRown XTI 4000's to run the mixer so I'm sure that helped.  We have only used it for a couple of shows but after we played around with it for a couple of hours mixing different sounds and effects we were able to set up and get a solid sound check fast.  We have not used the usb recording feature yet, but it looks pretty straight forward.                
Seems to have all the features our band needs for the present and forseeable future.  The effects are good andcan be controlled exactly like you want them.                
After you learn the board features and where everything is located it's pretty easy to set up and go.  The manual and guide provides you with what you need to know.  Just take a couple of hours at home to go over things.                
It's a solidly built mixer, metal with good markings and finish.  The controls are sturdy and the unit seems road worthy.                
I got a price match as always and am happy with what I am paying for.                
nothing yet                
Looks,feels and sounds great!                
I don't think we will be searching for anything for a while. If the mixer were stolen I would replace it with another Allen & Heath.  I looked at Yamaha, Peavey, and Mackie mixers. Bang for the buck I felt that the Allen & Heath gave me more features for the money!                
I was looking for a board that would fit my needs and not break the bank too.I had a 12 channel Euro pro that I was using and the difference is night and day.Even though they both had effects, I could tell right away that the ZED had way better quality and even had good comments from the band members on how much better the sound was. I'm not real good at soundboards but this was easy to use.I'm not sorry at all for the getting the board. The board showed up in great shape from shipping. zZounds did a great job packaging. Would do biz again if I have to.                
When WNJR-Newark.com - America's Favorite Online Radio Station needed a commercial grade analog mixing solution at the right price, our decision became clear once we discovered zzounds.com and the Allen and Heath ZED24 24-Channel Mixer with USB Interface. The Allen and Heath ZED24 24-Channel Mixer delivers with a clean, uncomplicated interface, clean equalization in a rotary board and so much more. Connecting stereo and mono components are as easy as 1, 2, 3, and the ZED24 24-Channel Mixer's sleek look is the perfect fit in any studio. We are so satisfied with this product, we purchased a second board for our 24/7 online Gospel station. - Randy Parker, CEO                
the sound quality is the best i have owned..i am a powered mixer kinda guy..so i was hesitant to invest in a non powered mixer. but now im glad i did..powered by a ceown xti2000 the sound is rich clear and perfect                
usb connectivity was so important..the zed24 fullfillrd all my expectations and then some...                
its so easy to hookup and run my 14 yr. old son can set it up for a 7 pc band..                
for the price it looks great it sounds great...                
nope...                
a perfect 10                
i would replace it quickly with another zed24                
I needed a little mixer for my new mic. I choose the Zed6FX because it was just that a small mixer with a quality name brand and a plethora of effects. Those are pretty much the reasons that I would recommend this mixer if you're looking for quality and awesome effects this has it.The downside of it is that it is as titled "compact". I found that the knobs were difficult to turn because they are spaced so tightly together making it hard to get your fingers in between them. They're even more annoying to use than the knobs on the Roland Boutiques if that gives you an idea how small they are. another problem with the mixer is that it's only output is an single 1/4 effects out and 2 XLR outputs. There is no RCA or 1/4 Stereo outputs. This cuts down a lot of the usefulness of this mixer if you don't plan on using it with a USB interface or only need XLR's. You can purchase converter cables like XLR to 1/4 to solve that issue but still it's an extra expense you might want to consider.The XLR inputs are usually found on studio monitor speakers but so are RCA outputs. So just being limited on your output options really kicks down the mixers usability a notch in my eyes.I will say that for the price range the ZED6FX is in that most other mixers in the same range have RCA or 1/4 outputs at well as XLR's.My best recommendation is that this is a mixer for those that want an Allen & Heath and would like a more sleeker look and tad nicer build quality over the other mixers like Sound Craft, Yamaha, or Mackie.I will note that I believe Mackie's PRO FX series would be a better choice as it's not only cheaper but it has both RCA & 1/4 outputs both in stereo as well as a multitude of effects and best of all it has a graphic equalizer. I would have purchased one of their mixers had I not gotten the ZED6FX at such a good price.I also want to note because it's not made very clear by Allen and Heath's marketing but the ZED6 mixers are different from the ZEDi8 and ZEDi10 in that they do not feature USB or the recording program that's bundled with the 8 and 10 versions. If you're looking for USB support this mixer is incapable of doing that. I'm not sure why Allen and Heath didn't make this a ZEDi6 and give the user USB support other than to be cheap I guess but looking at the ZEDi8 it's the exact same Mixer as the ZED6 only with USB and a source select feature. So for those that want a super budget Allen and Heath this is your prime choice but for those on a budget that want "Features" over brand name than without hesitation you want a MackieProFX.                
I bought this to replace a little Behringer Xenyx802. Fairly easy to use, good size & solid controls. This is a good mixer for simple recordings. Everything seems to function properly. Only complaint is no drivers for Windows 10, but I contacted A&H and recieved a reply quickly stating that the driver for Win 10 should be released shortly. Also, this unit has a grounded plug so use a quality grounded power outlet. Theres a little bit of noise but not bad.                
This thing has more transient noise than my old Behringer Xenyx also no driver support for Windows 10 yet. Direction booklet is lack-lustre and vague. Definitely disappointed.                 
Sounds incredible, really sturdy, expanded what I can do in a rehearsal studio, allowed me to start a mobile recording operation. Works with logic, protools, abelton, garageband...you name it. Great price too. 10/10                 
I was a picky pain in the butt and the people at zZounds were patient and through a couple of return/exchange situations, they were professional and helpful all along. The product? Ableton Push2 turned this long time MPC user to a full on Ableton enthusiast. Get IT!                
This piece was recommended to me, and a Vocalist / Guitarist, who wanted to do more with my music. It took me awhile as the thought of learning a daw unline others I have used, and essentially learning a new instrument. For me, I took a couple of master classes online to get the ball rolling. Amazing device.                 
It doesn't synthesize any sound.                 
All of the features are useful, however sometimes it's a little confusing to switch layout modes, but I'm sure that is s learning curve that will come in time. 
I'd like the step sequencer to be a tad different, but it is to hard to explain.                 
Everything is pretty idiot proof...it's designed very well and easy to understand.                 
All parts of this device seems solid and durable.                 
Yeah, it's a little expensive, but it's totally worth it...it's total quality all the way around.                 
I have not had any interactions with Ableton concerning this device.                 
It's designed very well, and is basically a hardware interface of the software. You can move and manipulate anything in the fraction of the time it would take with a mouse. Idea's are easily implemented.                
First off, this thing is built like a tank! It's not constructed of cheap plastic that a lot of other controllers are made with. The shell is very solid, and sleek. 
The buttons are almost flush with the body, and have a solid *click* when pressed. They feel like they have a durable rubber diaphragm over 'em that block out the excess led light from the crisp illuminated font.
The knobs are VERY touch sensitive, and is easy to accidently touch while adjusting other parameters. Other than that, they too are very solid and smooth. 
The main pads are brightly lit, and feel of a firm latex that do not hurt or tire out your fingertips. 
The main display is brilliant and crisp! Parameters are shown in real-time  (even when automated) with no bleed over effect. It maintains its illumination for hours without any power dimming.
**I was confused as to why white track labels show up as yellow on the display, but this is intentional due to the color white being dedicated for selections and such**
Overall, this thing is a beast of a controller that seriously speeds up the process of laying down ideas so you don't lose any creativity. 
I should have purchased this sooner. My production work is so much more easier now that I have this.                
The first thing i noticed about the controller when I first unboxed it was the weight of it! It was really sturdy, built with strong heavy components. Ive owned the Maschine and mpc studio, the push 2 blew those out of the water! I mainly produce Hip-hop, Idk why the hip hop community isnt making such a big buzz about this. I retired my Maschine, studio and MPC1000.                
I have owned and still own several pad controllers, and the Ableton Push 2 by far has become my favorite one to use with Ableton Live. It just fits like a glove simply a no brainer when using the two. It will speed up your workflow, and allow you to not have to constantly stare at a computer screen. The pads are very responsive, much better the the previous version, the color screen  makes it easy on the eyes, and it is pretty muted synced with all the controls with the instruments and effects in Ableton Live. It's also very easy to sample and edit with, and learning how to record melodies and chords is very easy.                
I would like to say I want to give this a 5-star rating because the controller is the best of all controllers I've ever used and therefore it's just simply the best review  so if it was me and I was recommending it to anyone in the industry or beginner or immediately I would say purchase 2                 
I've been using Ableton Live as my main DAW for about 2 years now, so I decided to pick up the Ableton Push 2. There's a bit of a learning curve, but once you get past that.. This machine is a BEAST! I can honestly play around with it and be on it for hours without noticing how much time has passed!                 
It took me a while to come around to Ableton live. I was using MPC and REASON but now I'm strictly Ableton and use MPC and REASON as plugs in Ableton. Also i got and app that lets me control Reason with the PUSH 2!!  THE Push 2 isn't touch screen but i can come up with ideas so quick with it and Ableton!!! The only thing its missing is a built in audio interface for traveling.... if it had that it would be 5stars in my book!                
The sound produced by the Access Virus Ti is forthright, powerful, rich, and honest.  There are no strange anomalies present in any of the sounds it produces.  The synthesizer is a wonderful piece to have and adds bright, powerful sounds to any mix.  Impressive.                
There are the usual suspects as far as oscillators, filters, and patches.  The factory presets are some of the best I've heard.  I was pretty amazed by that.  Looks like the engineers behind this thing love it enough to play with it and add to it's banks.  Didn't give this thing a 10 because Access, as of yet, has not released a x64 bit version of Total Integration--this is a major issue.                
Very intuitive.  It will be up and running on a DAW or as a standalone instantly after installation and configuring of your hardware.                
Out of the box it is a wonderfully crafted piece of equipment.  Feels good to the touch and has lots of pulsing lights that grab your attention.  Loudest little synth light show I have in my studio.                
Easily worth the coins you spend.  When you look at this thing after you give it the first go around you will probably realize that it's here (in your studio) to stay.                
The people at Access are excellent; again, the only problem I have is no support of x64 bit operating systems.  This is very essential for those of us who use lots of instances of plug-ins and utilize rigs boasting more than 3.2gb of good RAM.  I can not overstate this.  Sorry, no 10 for the team until this issue is resolved.                
The knobs are sturdy and feel good to the touch and to the turn.  The pulsing lights dance responsively and respectively according to settings.  If you haven't seen one in action, youtube it and watch her flash.                
I decided to get a virus because I am a firm believer in the power of computer music.  The 'total integration' schema was very attractive.  Access provides frequent updates and a few popular electronic musicians provide custom banks for downloading.  I will use this thing for years to come.  I want to just bury myself in it's sounds and produce music where the Virus is in charge of all leads; I suppose I could experiment like this for a year or so. I do this just so I can truly survey what she can do.                
Where to begin?  How about HOLY CRAP this Synth rocks!  For starters there's probably thousands of patches and I still haven't heard all of them.  The TI2 completely replaced my 1010lt sound card.  I have the Whiteout edition and the color of the led lights add extra flare to the amazing sound on this keyboard.                
The really great part for me was the virtual instrument plug-in, it quickly installed in my Sonar 8.5 and took the work load off my PC!                  
Yep its a steep learning curve (at least for me) but you have complete control with 32 knobs and 43 buttons that help you manipulate your sound.                
Built like a tank!                
I sometimes think I paid to much but then I start cheating on my Virus with another synth and it just doesn't feel the same at all.  The Virus just feels solid compared to synths in its price range. Buttons, knobs and just the frame alone feels better made.                
Not only do I have the TI2 white Edition but I also have the Access Virus A and I haven't had any problems so I guess that's good for support.                 
I have to admit that the pulsating Virus logo in the back of the keyboard is kind cool.                 
If you are serious about your music and would like a synth I would recommend just saving you money and buying an Access Virus TI2 .                  
bar none ...  best synth on the planet i own the snow and full ti.    love them  ,more than  my  dave smiths and se-1x                
more                
bit  of a learning curve but pretty intuitive !!                
I've had the TI2 Polar for six months now, and I use it every day.  I bought it as an upgrade from a Virus B.   It's definitely similar to the older Virus line with some pretty awesome features.  I'm coming at this from a Linux user perspective so I can't really speak to the Total Control Integration point of view, that is unfortunately a Windows or Mac only piece of software.  I run it exclusively as a midi only box, although I occasionally use the USB in/out as an audio capture device.
The sound on the synth is definitely the selling point for me, especially with the updates like wave tables and arp to mod matrix support.  This is a pretty amazing synth engine in it's own right  and adding a keyboard just makes you want to play on it all the time.  The construction is very sturdy, the knobs feel like they will last quite a while, the weight of it makes the smaller size easily giggable.  I've also instilled a lot of lust in my friends playing synths like the Moog Voyager, so I would say it fares well even though it's virtual analog.
For me the key pros were:  
* Fantastic sounds and effects for every midi channel
* Easily sculpt sounds from the hardware interface
* Integrated keyboard
* More DSP = more sounds
* Great training videos, however they should post more of them.
* Support on the forums is actually pretty nice, a little digging pulls up a lot of great information.
Main Cons:
* The total control is supposed to be very stable now, however may still require tinkering.  Since there is no VST only version of the software, and I am on Linux, it is really only possible to use it like the original Virus B.
* The manuals are not clear, you need to read several versions only to discover you need to read the original TI manual - there is no TI2 specific manual other than the quick start.  They expect you to read the manual from the Total Control help.
* Even with the extra DSP I managed to bog the synth down using it as a drum module.  Each note is very short with no long decays, and yet I maxed out with 7 patches fairly easily.  Most were simple drum sounds.  That being said there are lots of tricks for getting a lot more out of the DSP, I was using premade sounds that weren't really optimized for multi-timbral playing.
* Some parameters are now buried with the Shift button, which can make tweaking those parameters a little harder to tweak while also playing.
* Vocoder is nicely complex, which made it hard to get a useful sound out.  Documentation is slim, but I finally worked out they have a bunch of presets for a reason.
* Knobs work when using it as a generic midi controller, but buttons don't.
* Web site was often glitchy and hard to download updates from.  
It's still USB 1, and running any other devices on the same port may cause glitching.
Overall though, if you make a point of thinking of this as an amazing sounding piece of hardware and you take the time to learn the hardware interface, it will pay off.  If you are trying to use the Total Control software, your millage may vary considerably.  I wouldn't view the Total Control as the main selling point.                
The clarity that it offers is a revelation. It puts you in the game for creating really great recordings.                
HMX and IRON are so good that they offer a different option if you need different preamp flavors on top of the ones you have. If you've invested in different pres for your studio this may be an unexpected treat.                
It's as easy as can be. I use Studio One DAW and Control Two in UAD and it recognized it immediately. Audient has a great but underated reputation. It's a major win for all enthusiasts.                
This thing is a tank. It may last longer than me lol. Really thought it is one of the best built pieces of rack gear I've seen in a while.                
In it's catagory it's a little more expensive but you end up with an extension that is worth far more.                
With their reputation I don't suspect that I would need it but I've heard nothing but good things in that department.                
The sound is the wow.                
Perfect addition to to any adat input. I have a UAD Duo and I could not ask for a better setup.                
I have had other beginner audio interfaces and the iD14 sounds and records beautifully. 
Pros: Setup and install was a breeze. I'm a techy type of a guy so I always check manufacturer website for the most up to date drivers and software. If you are a guitarist the direct input on this thing is killer. Recording my cheap little Fender squire never sounded so clear. I compared my cousin's 1st Gen Focusrite Scarlett 18i8 guitar input to this and the Guitar/D.I. on the Audient is much better. My vocal recordings from my Oktava MK318 non modded has also changed allowing me to hear more on the low and high end. The build quality is very sturdy where I'm not afraid if it drops. Visual LED levels are great. Software is simple and easy to use. The dials and switches are very well made.  
Cons: Output gain on headphone jack could be better. I don't think the USB port will last if someone uses this as their main portable audio interface. I say this because it wiggles a little. Besides these two cons, go and buy this thing.                
i had this and id22. i kept this one because it sounded just as good as the id22 but was about half the price. 
i compared the sound of the id14 to my echo audiofire 12, a focusrite scarlet 18i20, and the ad converters in my grace preamp. 
i will say it sounds noticeably better then the echo and the focusrite. i noticed it has a much tighter bass sound and a noticeably wider stereo spread. it made a big difference. it was real and noticeable upgrade.
although i went with the id14 over the id22, i'll say the id22 was also great. i didn't end up needing the extra bells and whistles or extra outputs so i went with the id14. 
also one thing i like better about the id14 over the id22 is that the id14 allows you to use the large volume knob as a software controller. you just put your mouse over something like a volume fader or a pan knob and you can control it with the big knob. pretty cool for small adjustments.
I replaced my Mbox Pro 3 with this interface because the Mbox just gave me issues. I just got the Audient ID14 the other day and being the nerd that I am I hooked it up right away....set up and running in less than 10 minutes. I was curious about the mic pres since everyone seemed to love the way they sounded, so I A/B'd them against my UA Solo 110. Honestly didn't want to accept the fact that the Audient mic pre sounded better. I literally recorded 5 different A/B takes and honest to GOD, the Audient mic pres sound better. It could have something to do with there being no way to bypass the Audient mic pres, but at the end of the day I don't really need the Solo 110 any longer. There is also a noticeable difference in how the music sounds coming out of the speakers....the A/D D/A conversion is top notch and I can hear more detail than when I had the Mbox Pro 3. You get way more than your money's worth with this interface.  btw the mic pres are super quiet!  For $300 you get a great interface, no latency issues, and actual usable really good mic pres. Its a project studio dream come true.                 
First bought Focusrite 2i2 it was nice for the price but buying the Id14 it doesn't compare. Loving the mic pre amp it's quality! You won't find a better one in its price range.                
I have used several interfaces in my life and this one so far has the best quality how can a wayyy older interface like the M- Audio Pro Fire 610 could have a off and on button and this one doesnt? That was a wrong decision made by Audient because you will either decide to keep the phantom power on all the time or plug and unplug all the time..not only it is tedious to do this it can also damage the USB connector which is right next to it..one time I was about to record in Reason and while I was plugging the power cord I just tapped the USB cord with my finger and it made the interface malfunction so I had to restart the pc! not a good look on a card in this caliber when the Focusrite 2i2 that to me its close to this one but not better, has a power button also. To conclude if you dont care about the things I have mentioned you will like the quality as tedious as I made it sound its not a deal breaker.                
I purchased my iD14 14 months ago. Loved it. Read on. 
The other night I went to mix a session and noticed some serious hissing. The Mic 1 input meter was showing a signal even though nothing was attached. When I turned the gain knob on the unit it produced a crackle that I'm surprised my monitors survived. After some back and forth emails with customer service - including a recording of the issue - I was told that the issue was related to hardware and that my only recourse was to have it fixed on my dime - even though I was barely two months outside of the warranty window. While I understand how a warranty works I also understand that leeway is possible when the onus is on the company who manufactures and sells a $300 product - one which I would expect them to stand behind a little more, especially since the failure was no fault of mine.  
My Audient iD14 is now a $300 paperweight. Thanks Audient!                  
I own the Tascam 1608 and the Presonus 1818VSL interfaces, and they both pale in comparison to my ID22.  The output from this interface is more clear and precise than the other two interfaces.  The unit is built solid. The preamps push my SM7B with no problem.  The monitor routing is great as well since I use two sets of studio monitors when mixing.  An overall great interface for the money.                
very high quality unit with a sturdy build. it looks cool and is super easy to use. 
the sound is a very noticable improvement over my echo audiofire 12 and my focusrite scarlett 18i20. 
tighter bass, more clarity in the highs, and a wider stereo spread. just a much better sounding interface.                 
This thing is awesome. Only thing I wish it had was more than 8 adat/light pipe channels for expansion. The pres are great ! Gives you a very nice tone when pushed with the right mic. Audient is also top notch when it comes to support.                
The converters and preamps are flawless on this interface. The UI is very user friendly easy to use but has slower latency.                
Great sounding DAC, Awesome sounding preamps, decent latency but on windows the drivers are bad I would rather opt for the RME Babyface Pro if I was on windows and the iD22 if I was on mac.                
Pros: It pretty. Good converters.Cons:Sometimes it has weird output signals from the mic pre. like an offset you can see it in the DAW when you record.1/4 headphone jack just stopped working for no reason. Constantly have to power cycle to get sounds in different programs. Coulda saved myself the headache and got the Focusrite back -_-                
I have 16 of these that I use on a regular basis and couldn't be happier.  They get moved a lot to create different looks so we really abuse them, but the only thing that has even needed attention is the power cord came loose and we had to tighten it down on the inside.  I have 8 on trees, 4 for uplighting and 4 for downward backlighting right now.  I recommend the 6 ch dmx mode to really have fun with the effects like stobing for chases, sound activated mode, etc.  Our stage is 30'deep, 50'wide and 25'tall.  We recentlly added a haze machine to really let these lights shine.  I know the competitors claim they are brighter, but we wouldn't pay more for brightness because these are bright enough and we like the traditional par64 look.                
Great gear at good price. Very Bright and lots of color. Love you can utilize them with or without DMX controller. Would buy and buy and buy again!                
Nothing much to review. Cable is pretty rugged; haven't had it degrade at all and it's been used in various environments (Extreme Hot/Cold, Rain). For the price, great cable.                 
First impression: This thing is big. About 2 feet long, and weights about 20 lbs, so be sure your stand will hold it.Tried it at a small backyard gig and was very impressed at how it covered the entire space very well! I used it without a controller, just reacting to sound, and it was amazing how accurate the movements were in time with the beat. GOBOs are consistent, wash lights cover a big area, and the lasers and derbies were impressive.Comes with an IR transmitter plug for iOS devices, although the documentation mentions nothing about this. I contacted ADJ and had a next-day response explaining about the free Airstream IR app and how you can control the box with the app and the little transmitter.Overall, I love this unit! It is a little heavy, and finding a suitable case for it might be a challenge, but I love this light. Great for new DJs on a budget (like me).                
Used this in the back of the van during this years Christmas Parade Season. The kids loved it,! But be warned the bubble juice does get on everything near the machine. And the remote worked well along with the amount of bubbles produced. All in all, it was a BIG HIT!                
This is it folks if you do not have a clue on DMX please do several of the you tube videos to learn and understand what DMX is and how to apply it. If you don't know how to calculate the dip switch codes there's several free phone apps that will do it for you.                 
They have no sound they are very quiet. In fact, thy are so quiet I don't know they are there half the time.                
The best feature is the stands. They are proprietary, but at least they safely go up in the air quite a ways. We regularly have to have them to the side of a stage and haven't had any trouble getting them to the hight we need. They are very sturdy and so much better than the Chauvet disposables.                
Very easy to use. Adj actually took the time to list a menu screen you can actually read and understand. Instead of some unreadable mess like the 4 bar.                
Seriously well built. Heavy duty and good craftsmanship. Name with a heavy duty power cable that will actually reach a plug on the ground. A very welcome touch. Hint, hint chauvet. FYI we run a small for hire sound company so we are using these under different circumstances every week.                
The value of this product far exceeds the price. It is the same price as the 4 bar and offers the luminosity of the 4 bar tri. Not too mention far more features.                
I have had to deal with the manufacturer twice, both times I was totally impressed. The company actually set up the tech with the system I have so he could,better understand my issue, he took time to know my name and used it. Highly impressed.                
Hey look really nice and being a single bulb unit look like a small par can. Many of the people I work with have positively commented on that. I get a lot of.. Did you get new lights? I really like them type compliments.                
I needed to replace my Chauvet 4 bar with something brighter. I was going to buy the newer 4 bar tri and then I saw these. These lights regardless of cost blow the standard 4 bar out of the water. The colors are more vivid, and the whites while not pure, are believable enough.                
I just sold my old big and bulky 64 pars. These lights are compact,easy to set up and have great colors. Highly recommend them. Going to buy another set this year.                
These lights are very bright and very versatile! The fact they are dmx controled and also have lighting programs built in to the unit makes this a set and forget light system. I got so many compliments about these lights. Thank you zzounds and ADJ!                
I love these lights. They are as bright as the old Par 56 cans I used to have and draw only a fraction of the wattage. The cases are what they are, cheap cloth bags. I built some new road cases out of wood and glued the Styrofoam and velvet inserts from inside the bags inside the wood cases. The zipper broke right out of the gate on the cheap bags. The lights will last much longer in the wood road cases.                
I purchased this bag to house 4-Chauvet EZ par 64 RGBA fixtures and 4-Slim Par 64 RGBA fixtures . Excellent choice I am able to also fit my cords in the bag with some room to spare.  You can also easily fit 10 to 12 chauvet slim par 56 fixtures in this bag with cords.Can''t go wrong with this bag.                
I bought this bag for some off-brand pars, and it's really a solid bag. The pars I have are a bit larger, so I can only fit 6, but no complaints here.                
I bought the Adj Fog Fury and used it as I was DJing at a bar. People were complaining about the horrible smell that the machine was emitting. It smelled like something burning. So after a few people complained I stopped using it. Over New Years I decided to use it again and the same results. People could not stand the smell and requesters that I not use it! I’m truly dissatisfied with the Fog Fury machine. I will never use it again! I did purchase the recommended ADJ fluid!                
Awesome fog machine. Throws a TON of fog, very fast. nice colors however you cannot use the colors unless the fog is going, at least not that I've found. The owners manual says you cannot, so I stopped trying. Not the biggest deal unless you are looking for a very specific color at a very specific time (which is why I gave it 4 stars under the features category). Like any other high output fogger, it will have a little noise while you are dispensing fog, but I've found the best solution to that is to turn up the music (the reason for the 4 stars in the sound category). Its pretty quiet when not dispensing a cannon blast of fog. Overall I love this thing. I want another one, just so I can have each side of my set up match....no one will ever see me again if I do this...there is seriously THAT much fog. Videos DO NOT do this thing justice. It looks awesome in videos, but even more amazing live....like pyrotechnics without the heat.                 
This machine is awesome! Strong output and good colors. Kind of loud when set off due to the amount of pressure to push the fog out, but runs quiet when in the heating stage. Very easy to set up and use. Remote control has 4 options (which I'm told can be customized, but I simply use the preset colors). and has good range. Good size fogger juice tank and doesn't seem to use a lot. 
Unfortunately, after about 3 nights of usage (about 15 hours of use), it began to go off on it's own without pushing the button and if the button was pushed it would continue spraying even after the button was released. The return was easy - they emailed me a label and as soon as they received confirmation it was on it's way, they shipped a replacement to me. Although a hassle, with the quick turn around time, I shouldn't be without it.                
This is by far the best "vertical" fogger I have seen and used. The fog stream is instant and powerful.  I get a great crowd response when I blast this thing
There is a loud "steam" sound when they are producing fog. It is similar to noise from a CO2 effect.                  
Light is good not what I expected maybe once use it a few times need help in getting different gobo screens and a way to get your own logo made to project                
I own 3 Haze generators which put out 1,000 CFM each so I can spread dispersions. I use one on each side of the stage and one in the middle of the stage pointing outwardly. This is not fog and the reviewer probably don’t know much about haze. There’s no heater, so it doesn’t produce humidity to a rom like fog. Better hang time. And clear almost which is better for photos and filming. This is made for the ADJ Hazer no other machine! One gallon last for ever, I usually charge my Coustomer for a gallon in my price. Kinked what you’re talking about when you make a review!                
Product is ok was expecting a little more output with the haze and price was a little high. Really not satisfied with this product                
At 1,000 cubic ft. Per minute it's like a good companion it puts out. My DJ company now doing event Production have been called on by music video companies to provide Lighting and haze. As on the Voice and American Idol haze is used to show excellent beams in your lighting and great for cameras. Warning don't try substitute fluids they don't work good and can clog the unit. AMDJ of Haze G fluid is $39.00 but is much more efficient and has longer hang time than fog Machines.I love it so much I bought 2 for bigger halls. Even though there's no Dmx control I hook them into my Light Copilot setup and simply turn them on or off with long extension cords. E so no Are no heaters or warm up time .                
Fog machines cloud up the stage, plus foggers use heaters which actually are burning fumes, which means you are actually breathing in smoke! These Hazers use no heater. It simply blows air from a compressor into the fluid chamber and instantly creates a mist instead of smoke. Spoke to doctor about it and said it's better for your lungs than a fog machine. Makes light beams shine through yet no cloud which often hides band members closest to the fog machine. As mentioned before, great for pics! Similar hazers are used on theater stages. 4 stars on value because a little pricey but worth it!                
Have used this product every week since I purchased , to highlight our Bands light show, easy to use,effective results, Especially with photographers very little use of juice,good highlighting of lightbeams,a little pricey ,but worth the few extra dollars .and thanks to zZounds' Play as You Pay makes it even better I highly recamend this product                
This worked out very well for an image i needed to project on to a dance floor from a light truss. If your using a 10ft truss your good to go.You need about 10ft to 15ft in the air to get a good size image because i find it limited on zooming. Very bright and easy to adjust. You have to use metal gobos but i guess your trading off the quality of brightness with a cheaper model to use plastic. Guest were very impressed with the image in fact they snapped photos of it all night long. These detailed touches really make a huge difference on these gigs i highly recommend. Lightweight and low profile ...what else can i say. My first experience using zZounds and it wont be my last ......your payment service and shipping times are amazing!!                
I bought this light as an upgrade from the ADJ GOBO LED that didn't have a zoom. This light paid for itself the 1st time I used it. 32w LED was very bright, focus and the zoom was a plus. great for Wedding GOBOs and more.                
These lights are amazingly perfect for mobile DJ or clubs looking for compact size with powerful effects for a small to medium space. I used two in 4800 sq ft ballroom and had a awesome light show that the party loved when pair with strobes and color fading pars!                
Product arrived on time, just a few days after I ordered it. As a first time buyer at this site, i'm very impressed. I took advantage of the installment plan which is really great! I can "Play as I Pay"! Gonna buy more products from zZounds soon! The product is compact and lightweight, but has nice features. Light output is strong enough for small to medium sized clubs and venues. Easy to setup.                
I'm a mobile DJ and use this light as my centerpiece on my truss.  Its a cool light, nice effects, sound activated mode, DMX mode, changes directions, nice colors.  It's a great addition to your lighting.  In addition to the great product, I buy 90% of my gear the zZounds.  Customer service, timeliness, etc., is second to none.                  
This stand is a very affordable choice.  The weight rating isn't a lot (100 pounds) but for hanging some LED pars up high (12') it can't be beat.  It seems to be made of a little thinner material than some of the more expensive stands, but for my uses, it works great!                
A slight whirring sound - nothing bad.                
Appears to be a nice bundle - yet, the light included would barely be of use in a small bedroom.                
To get a decent effect - well, it's not possible with the light included.                
Everything seems okay in terms of construction - not great, simply okay - the included light is near useless (have I mentioned that yet?).                
Needed a mirrorball and motor anyway.. the package is okay - just not really effected out of the box.                
Did no contact them, assume they may be okay.                
Like a chipmunks fart compared to the Big Bang.. it's Wow.. but inverted.                
Need several mirror balls, thought I'd give two of these a try with the included light.. in all fairness the mirrorball and motor will probably be okay - however the included light is far too dim.                
this is hot item                
Coupled with the Obey 40 these lights are great! Bright enough to cover a good size stage with just 4 of them... The UV light is not as bright as the rest but will still shine a smaller stage say 12x12 or so. Fast response, lite enough to be able to mount other lights on our light bar. Only thing I wish is that zZounds would process payments faster!!! It takes forever for them to process a 4 pay payment!                
Lots and lots of light. Had a community event at a park that I needed some extra late for. And these guys did the job wonderfully.                
ive only tried one of the lights. i do have to say the UV light is awsome and they are super bright. im planning on buying many MANY more!                
These O-Clamps are listed as a "recommended accessory" for an Odyssey Truss System listed here on zZounds (search for item ODYLTMTS8) but these clamps are NOT compatible with that truss. 
That truss has 1.0-inch pipes, but these O-Clamps are only designed for use with 1.5-inch or 2.0-inch trusses.
At the time I purchased the ODYLTMTS8 truss, the product description did NOT specify the pipe size, so I assumed, if the 1.5-inch O-Clamps were listed on this site as a "Recommended Accessory" they must be the right ones.  It was disappointing when they arrived, and they didn't fit.  Since zZounds doesn't sell 1.0-inch clamps, they did refund me, but I ate up about half the refund shipping these back to them... and then I had to go elsewhere to find the correct size O-Clamps.
I'm not complaining to get attention, but I just want to make sure anyone else looking to purchase the same combo if items doesn't make the same mistake.                
I have about 8 of these clamps and they work, you have to make sure you are using them for the right size pipe, and be care full when loosening the wing nut, if you go to far everything falls off, make putting up lights quick and easy. with 1.5-2" pipe these clamps can hold lights at an angle without damaging your pipe.                
Color mixing projected in a object....fantastic. Color mixing projected on a mirrorball......not so much. I was hoping that this would mix colors well for a cool custom color effects for weddings. But when this is projected on a mirror ball each individual LED (RGBW) can be seen on the reflections on dance floor and room. Think I would have done better to get a white led pinspot and insert colored gels to get the effect I was looking for with this fixture.                
Excellent product especially the extra USB connections on my MacBook Pro I Have only 1 usb other one was defective I connected the pow-r bar to the only USB port, hooked up my ddj sx external drive and charged my phone, no surges, no dropouts,using Serato DJ pro turntables came up with no issues, worked like a charm highly recommended.                
Really nice lights. Don't really know how to work them, but they serve the purpose.                
This light is super bright and is perfect as a Centerpiece Light. I would recommend putting two of them together to get an even larger effect.                
Great light all around. If it wasn't a moving light I most likely would not have paid this much for it. Since it does move you can use it for so many applications. I use it for up lighting, dj'ing and live stage. I love the fact that each light can be independtly programmed unlike having ALL the lights linked together. I use it with mxdmx 1.0 and usually would program on mode 3 (35 Channels) or mode 4 (39) channels. The light has pretty quick action for its size and is pretty bright. Depending on the color, the lights beams do not shoot out straight. As it switches colors so does the beams angle. To most people this is small but it really depends on how anal you want to be. Overall the light is very easy to use and really adds to a show. It looks great vertically, horizontally, or even diagonal. Another good thing is the size and weight of this light. For what it puts out, its a nice compact size. The light is pretty light weight and doesn't take up a lot of room which is nice. The light is also pretty quiet as well. If you work with mydmx, just contact ADJ to get the profile and they send it right away. Definitely love working with the support because it is USUALLY a good experience. Hopefully that doesn't change.                
As a big lighting guy I'm surprised these big companies sell this light. It's so heavy that it's a fall and fire hazard. I returned mine because had intermittent issues out of the box. Warmed up and working this light throws off less light the $99 ADJ LED. Bar.                
I Purchased the snow flurry machine through Walmart online order for a charity function.  We hung the machine the night before to get an idea of where to place it for the perfect snow flurry and the machine did not work and in the haste of the party the box was displaced so we cannot return it. What a complete disappointment and  waste of money.  Do not purchase this machine buy a different brand.  I will update this review if the company was willing to make this right.                 
These are amazing. Quick movements, very bright, and very reasonable. I highly recommend them.                
I've had the VMS2 for about two months, have used it at several gigs, and it has worked great!!! I'm using windows 7 and have not had any problems. Really easy to use. Also to the play as you pay plan from zZounds is a big plus!!!                
It is durable. The Virtual DJ version that comes with this is out dated. Doesn't seem compatible with windows 7. and the resolution doesn't work well with my screen size.   
Also I can't seem to change the key of the tracks with this one like you can with other virtual DJ versions                
Very sturdy, professional case with padding to protect equipment. First drawback is that the case is slightly oversized for the advertised product, so the VMS doesn't fit snug (sides) in the case. Not such a big deal. The bigger issue is with the laptop shelf. It's not a slide shelf, but a flip shelf and it sits too far back on the case. The laptop sits then way too far back on the shelf, which makes visibility an issue, especially for smaller laptops. I need to pull my touchscreen laptop way forward on the shelf in order to be able to touch the screen comfortably without too much stretching. The one good thing about having to do this is that it allows for ample room behind the laptop on the shelf for external drives. Case is well worth if for the price ad it was delivered to me as advertised.                
It's a case no sound...The only sound you will hear are the compliments at the professional look of the case.                
It's a case no features...It's sturdy and looks nice...The flip part for the laptop is nice and can handle any laptop. I have a 17 in hp and it has plenty room for it. The picture for the case make the laptop holder look small. Although the case was not designed to hold a mixer and a laptop. My 17in hp fits comfortably in the case with the mixer in it and does not move. I would not put a thin laptop in it.                
Just put your mixer in it...No instructions needed                
It's sturdy and looks nice                
This case is worth every penny. I've seen other cases almost double the price of zzound...                
None Needed                
The Case is nice. Give you a professional look...                
As long as I don't get a new mixer I will use this one.                
I recently bought this case along with the control deck. It is well built and sturdy. I think it's price right for what you get. The only problem I have with it is the flip part that the laptop sits on. For me, once you flip over the stand, then it sits too far back "behind" the deck. I wish it was a bit more over the top of the deck towards the back and a bit higher up. Once you flip open your laptop screen then you kinda have to lean towards it to see properly if you have a small font. Other than that, pretty decent product.                
NA                
I bought this bag to carry differant items and the size of the bag worked great                
NA                
The quality of the bag was very good                 
I bought the bag and it fit my needs very well. Great and well worth the money                
I have not needed support yet                
NA                
I would buy this again as long as the price was the same                
This is my first dmx controller. I've used a relay package before, but this controller has taken me to the next level. 16 fixtures (or countless if multiple fixtures have the same dmx address and channel) can be controlled with this fixture, and each fixture has 32 channels! The 480 scenes are awesome too! I personally have a set set-up for my weddings vs. my parties! With this many scenes, I can have elegant light shows for my weddings, and High energy light shows for parties! This many scenes also help when having greek shows ! Each greek can have custom lighting with their associate greek colors!It's just so much that can be done with this fixture! I'm still learning and love every minute of use with it.                
These sound great and for the price i was shocked how they sound! They are very durable!                
These are my first pair of monitors that I have ever owner, before this I use my Audio-Technica headphone that work great, but needed something more detailed and less fatiguing. Got more then I paid for with these speakers, I feel like I can produce as long as I wish to, and not stop because of being fatigued by the sound. Super detailed, you can hear every aspect of the mix, and plenty of bite and punch. The Sub7 is more than loud enough, if you are a bedroom producer like me, this setup is more than enough; it is LOUD! I have yet to even push it to anywhere near it volume limits, and it is plenty of loud the level I play it, and still stays detailed even when you play it very low. I highly recommend this, I will always buy Adam Audio after owning these.                 
My whole way of mixing and listening changed onceIi set these up in my studio. For a compact setup the sound is big and wide, the sub adds dimension and depth. It even has a remote for the sub.Great value and service from zZounds.                
For monitors (pair) under 1k, I have a hard time believing there's a better sounding option on the market available today.  After breaking them in, the sound in the sweet spot is pure butter.  The low end has a lot of mixed reviews, but I'm here to tell you, they won't disappoint you. Tight bass, truthful mids, silky highs.... needless to say I'm happy as hell to own these.                
The room correction features on the back are great.  The front loaded bass ports in front are nice for small studios with bass trap issues.                
Plug and play, correction features are self explanatory.  Need to break them in though to get true audio clarity.                
My first Adam Audio experience, but their reputation procedes themselves well.  Worth every penny!!!                
Maybe a little high, but if you want to take the next step in monitors from entry level, these puppies are sweet.                
No experience yet                
Bo Derek sex appeal for sure.  Everyone wants to tell their friends, "Hey come check out my Adam monitors"                
Really happy I didn't settle for lessor and cheaper monitors on the market, I'll keep these for near fields for a long time.  A very accurate, honest monitor system.                
Highs are crystal clear and precise with lows that are solid and full (not boomy or boxy). Stereo imagining is perfect. Before these monitors I was mixing/mastering using Grado225 headphones. The Grado's are good but these monitors really allow me to dial in much more low end and retain clarity in my mixes.                 
I like the front ported bass ports and the individual adjustments on the back are very useful for tuning the speakers for my less-than-optimal studio space.                 
Connecting to my scarlett 6i6 via TRS-XLR cables was pretty easy. Adjusting the dials on the back while cumbersome is something I dont have to do often.                 
fairly heavy and solid.                 
at $1k for the pair I think this is a good value.                 
haven't had to contact the manufacturer yet, but they are on twitter and seem pretty responsive.                 
I was making fine music before I got this product but the addition of solid bass and extremely well defined mid/high and sound stage have been eye opening.                 
Excellent. Well worth the money                
Doesn't matter what kind of music u play on them, they sound beautiful. If your mixing bass heavy music, then you might need a sub or just cross reference your mixes until you get a feel for how the bass sounds on bigger systems.they definitely let you know how the the mid-bass to upper ranges mix together. I mainly use them for mixing hip hop/rap songs but I would feel confident mixing any type of audio on them.                
I’ve been recording electronic music almost 20 years as I’ve been through all of the “great for the price” monitors up to the entry level big boys and these bad boys here are the real deal. Nothing colored. Great presence in the mid field and the sub is very easy to use and properly adjust for your setup. I went from a house to an apartment and previously used the VXT6 with KRK sub 10s and to be brutally honest the difference here is staggering. The only comparable monitors I’ve heard at this range are the dynaudio bm5a series I had years ago. Buy these monitors!! zZounds pay plans are BEAST! NO INTEREST GUYS AND GALS!!!                
I have to start by thanking the knowledgable sales person at zZounds.  I really had no idea what I wanted or needed.  I sold a pair of Yamaha HS8's and a HS8 sub.  Those monitors were to big and took up to much space, the sound quality was okay but nothing to write home about.  After making my TRS balanced cables, I put the monitors on top of the isolation mounts my salesperson suggested.  When I turned them on it was incredible.  No more uncontrollable booming bass, just crystal clear sound that was amazing to both listen to and mix with.  I stayed up until 4 am this morning still playing with my monitors.  At nearly 60 years old, not much gets me that excited but these guys did it to me.  Thank you zZounds for having quality people who are able to make educated decisions.  I hope you let them know that their jobs are truly important.  Without my guy's help I don't know what I would have purchased.                  
I am not a professional producer.  These are for my in home DAW.  I am very pleased with them and I am sure these will be the last monitor speakers I ever have to buy.
                
Very simple to operate.  I like the On/Off switch being on the front instead of the back like my pair of Roland monitors.                
VERY well made.                
They are pricey but I think worth the costs as they will last me decades.                
No opinion yet as they are new.                
I've used Tannoy, Focal,  and Mackie HR824.  Mackie was by far my favorite until I heard these!  I wish I would've gotten the A8x but the clarity is UNMATCHED!!!  Also the ribbon tweeter is GREAT for long mix sessions.  I'll add the Adam Sub8 and the very SLIGHT loss of bass response should be more than compensated.  CLEANEST monitors I've heard for under $3,000 yet!                  
crisp precise highs, warm mid and detailed great lows , very impressed                
love the ribbon tweeter                 
very well made,                 
worth the price, have had the krks rockit 8 and the m-audio bx8, these are worth the extra money                
This sound is amazing. Unfortunately, I dont own these, but I do go down into the school's studio and hook up my interface, and play my projects on these babies. The sound is amazing. The overall quality is superb. These are truly the best monitors I've ever heard (i.e, the price tag).                
So far, it has been extremely easy to use. Just hook it up to my interface and we're good to go. Simple as that.                
The quality is amazing. The sound is crisp, everything is clear, and stunning.                
This product is definitely worth it's price tag (even though I would love for it to be cheaper)                
I havent had any problems with it thus far, so i've never had to call customer service or anything.                
If I could afford these monitors, I'd buy them in a heartbeat. I go to the studio and hook them up to my audio interface and from there on, i'm truly blown away. There are truly the sexiest monitors i've seen or heard (despite my infatuation with the KRK Rokit line).                
These monitors are amazing. There's nothing else to say that would can explain it better than that. They are amazing.                 
I am primarily a Rap/HipHop Producer, I make Beats, Record Vocals and Mix & Master.
I started out with a set of the KRK 5's gen 1, then i added a set of the yahmaha 5's, then i added a set of Gen 2 KRK rokit 8's, and now i have the A8X's.
there was a transitional period for me when i made the switch from the rokit 8's to these. the amount of detail in the sound is awsome, it's not a pleasuring type thing, but more what u need to hear. 
the ribbon tweeters deff help not fatigue your ears over long sessions, i use my adams 7 days a week 10-14 hrs a day and my mixes are the same threw the whole day. 
my current setup is the A8X's and the yahmaha 5's, in between the 2 sets, i feel pretty much set. 
i recommend these monitors for sure, there are many options at this price point, but you will have to search outside of guitar center/zzounds, but these monitors are A+++
and just to clarify on the "Port Noise" rumor, the only time i get the port noise is when my bass isnt mixed yet and is too loud, so basically if you get the noise, its because your not doing something right.                
Absolutely awesome!! I've owned and heard some pretty impressive subwoofers in my time, the Sub12's are in my opinion one of the best I've heard in quite some time. I'm using mine in a home theater setup it has a very visceral bottom end response is quite fast not sloppy or bloated. Over all performance was not impacted to huge degree by placement, at least not in my room. I tucked it in a corner of the front wall about a foot from the left side and rear walls and dialed it in.
**NOTE** I only gave 1 star for "Manufacturer Support" because I have not had a need to contact the manufacturer and that field could not be left black or N/A.                
I've owned a pair of Yamaha HS8 Studio Monitors for over 3 years, I liked them, and they were the best in the price range at the time when it came to delivering accurate sound and clarity across every frequency range. When I heard Adam came out with a new line of monitors in the same price range, I though I would give them a try considering Adam Audio's reputation.
I am so glad I did, the t7v's offer the same frequency response as the Yamaha HS8 in the low end despite being much smaller. Although the ribbon tweeters don't speck out at as high a frequency as Yamaha's dome tweeters, the Adams pull through with enhanced clarity that surely beats every other speaker below $350. In fact, the only speakers I've heard that were clearer in the highs had to have been the KEF LS50.
The low end is super tight, much tighter than the HS8 and the high end, while not as airy, is extremely accurate and again, much tighter than the Yamaha's. These monitors are smaller than I expected, and pack a pretty gnarly punch, especially in the 70Hz - 150Hz range. They do 40Hz content extremely well considering how amazingly clear the mids are.
The internal amp is noisier than the Yamaha's and the speaker needs considerably more signal to drive it than the Yamaha's. I did side by side tests for hours between the two speakers, and always found I had to turn up the gain significantly for the Adams when both speakers were set to 0 on the back. Though it's not too noisy, the white noise coming from the tweeter is noticeable if you're looking for it, the Yamaha's handled this much better.
The woofer is very stiff, which is a good thing in my opinion. It seems to need more power to actually push the speaker, and being so much more rigid than the Yamaha's I guess is what gives this speaker the premium sound.
The clarity is amazing in the highs! The Yamaha's high end, while nice, could be grading after a while - the Yamaha's also weren't as clear as these. I have been listening to the Adams all day at all volumes and haven't gotten tired of hearing them yet. I can hear details in percussion (especially sizzly sounds like shakers, cymbals, and hats) that were previously covered by slight distortion and a relatively sloppy tweeter. The Yamaha's high end sounded smeared in comparison.
These do bass so much better than the Yamaha's as well. The clarity in the very low end is present even at low volumes! With the Yamaha's I felt like the roll of started well before the advertised 38Hz, with these I can hear 40Hz bass guitar and 808s very clearly at all volumes. I've said many times that these speakers are tight, the low end, which was sloppy on the Yamaha's in comparison, is no exception. It is a pleasure to listen to bass on these speakers.
The options for room trim aren't very helpful as there's only a +/- 2dB shelf on the high and low. The gain knob doesn't snap to 0, additionally the only markings on the gain knob are -60dB, 0dB, and +18dB. Not very helpful when trying to fine tune my listening position. The "on" indication light is on the back of the speaker for some reason. Some people may like this, I do not, but if it helps drive the price down to only $250, then I'm good with it.
These are excellent speakers. I am selling my Yamaha's immediately.                
I had to send my Focals in to have them repaired, that had a slight noise issue in the amplification. I needed some affordable monitors to fill in until they got back from repair. With ADAMS rep I knew that the affordable T7V's would probably be a good standby backup pair. Was I wrong! These are pretty serious monitors unheard of in their price range! Nice pristine highs. The low end is smooth and is rich.  Bass instruments sound nice. I actually heard things in my previous recordings that i had not heard before...not just in the high end because of the ribbon tweeter... but the low end as well. The stereo image sounds wonderful... much like my Focals. I could close my eyes and hear the the depth of a good mastered track.  For $500 a pair you can't go wrong. Are there better speakers out there....yes! However... get ready to spend over $1,500.00 a pair to get them. These are a good value for the price. The ADAM T7V"s are my new friends... even when I get the Focals back..the T7V's will be getting equal listening time... if not more!                  
I was on Yamahas HS5s for years like a PEASANT, ZERO low end on those but the mids and high are superb. All i wanted was a good low end and 2 track into mixing the T7Vs are absolutely unreal. If you're worried about not having enough low end or power dont worry at all. these are absolutely phenomenal at the price point. ill be buying the next tier up soon to go with these no brainer                
I listen to jazz, west coast mainly Bill Evans, Keith Jarrett, Gerry Mulligan, Snarky Puppy, and these monitors are perfect for this. All I did was plug a RCA to 3.5mm cable into the unbalanced ports in the back of the monitors and control the volume with my phone and I am in heaven!                
With the single RCA input on each monitor I can use a RCA to 3.5mm cable or a Bluetooth DAC to input music from my phone, couldn't get easier.                
These are beautiful, contrary to a couple of reviews, sound fantastic right out of the box and work flawlessly!                
I think these are a bargain compared to Adams other line of speakers. You get the same folded tweeter technology and a poly butyl surround woofer and some super efficient class d amps - what more could you want!                
I'll admit it, I bought (and returned) an Audioengine A2+, S8 package prior to buying these Adam Audio monitors. There is absolutely no comparison between the Audioengine speakers and these Adams. These Adams are clear, crisp, have tight punchy bass - they are everything I was looking for and are less expensive than I originally paid!!                
Honestly, i was blown away after just using them for a day. I use every monitor i could to find the right mix and these fit it. Flat response compared to other monitors. I didnt even have to make adjustments after car or computer play.                 
Bought 2 pair of these 15 years ago and they're still going strong. gone through many sheaths, and tips during that time. through metal, rock and jazz they havent done me wrong except that one time i left them at home and had to play with wooden sticks when i discovered an additional feature. i guess the aluminium ahs some sort of shock absorbing quality bc after that wooden stick gig the wrist forearm pain were off the charts. 5 stars all around                
I bought these sticks not even a year ago. Hardly used them. And I play a Yamaha Electronic drumsset, that have silicone & rubber pads. For the price you pay for these so called sticks, you would think, that they were made better. The grip part of the stick broke inside. Now you can buy the taper covers & the replacement tips all day long, for a good price. But you can't buy the replacement grips, that I know of. I'm not going out and buy a new pair of sticks again for $ 30.00, or more. And to top it all off, you gotta super glue the tips, back on. To me, I rather buy 3 prs. of sticks, instead of one of these poor designed sticks. I just hope other drummers have better luck, than I did. I won't go that route again.                
Seems to have no discernable difference in sound from an average wood stick                
Came with set of replacement sleeves.. Not sure why.. Aluminum shaft snapped in half way before having an opportunty (or need) to replace them.                
UMMMM.. It's a stick.. It's as easy to use as any. I have played 5b sticks for years. Usually Vic Firth american hickory. Had very good experience with Vic Firth sticks. I strongly recommend wrapping these with some stick tape as the aluminum shaft is slippery and you will wear your hands out prematurely trying to hold on to them.                
I'm really not a hard hitter. As I said before. Broke aluminum shaft in half in similar if not less time than I would normally see a wood stick break.                
Just keep buying wood sticks. In the long run, you'll be happier and probably spend less money.                 
Not applicable.. Didn't use support staff                
I wanted it. (emphasis on the ED) After using the sticks for a short time, I really don't feel that they lived up to the "hype".                 
I think I've said too much already.                
overall this drumstick is one the best sticks i've ever used on stage  i tried other types of sticks but i needed something i could have a handle over its light weighted it has a good grip and i never played with such a stick and it also allowd me to play for a very long time and very fast i when you say this drumstick is ahead of time your not messen around it truely when my friends ever need new sticks this is what itell them ro buy THANKYOU AHEAD DRUMSTICKS!!!                
The title says it all. My hard shell cases were shot, and I needed to protect my vintage 1963 Gretch snare without going broke. I made a good choice. Good quality, at a fair price. Thanks zZounds!!!                
I spent weeks reviewing drum cases. I had just bought a set of DW collectors series drums and was very nervous about what I would trust to protect them!! I kept going back to the Ahead case because I loved the zip feature, the thick soft lining and shape of the bag. My biggest concern was would it be tough enough to withstand being banged around from the rigors of gigging?! The answer is yes!! This bag is super tough and seems to be able to withstand as much as a hard case at a much lower price and easier to carry! When you unzip the bag it stands on it's own rather than collapsing like most soft cases. I think it's kinda the best of both worlds! I would def recommend buying this bag!                
These Ahead Armor cases are truly amazing.  You can tell that a lot of thought and effort went into the design, based on real-world conditions for everyday working musicians...and at a ridiculously affordable price.  They are stiff, tough, thickly padded, plushly lined, waterproof and easy to load and unload, thanks to their unique shape and zipper design.  I've tried other bags (and hard cases) over the last 30+ years and nothing else even comes close, in terms of overall quality and ease of use.  One minor recommendation I have to anyone purchasing these is to vacuum out the fleece lining thoroughly before loading your drum inside for the first time, as my drums were covered with a small amount of loose fleece residue after the first time I took them out of the cases.  No big deal...  :-)                
Not required                
True form fit, thick plush padding and tough denier outer layer. Easy zip, with great handles.                
Very easy to use. From putting the drum in to taking them out and carrying them all in between. My load time was cut in half, with the help of these babies.                
These seem to be top quality. Everything looks to be double stitched and well sewn together. This looks as though it could last for years!                
This is well worth it's typical selling price, compared to others I have had in the past.                
Never need them.                
The inside looks to be cozy,comfortable, and safe, which is exactly where I would want my babies to stay during transport.                
These are the best drum bags out there. I have used the Humes and Berg Tuxedo bags. I had to fight with them to get the drums in. Also had to order them a size bigger for the rims mount. The Ahead Armor bags open up and the drum lays right in. Same size as my drums, and no needed help from the bass player to get them in! I LOVE them!                
I like these bags because they are rugged yet plush inside, and easy to open and get your drums in and out of quickly. Since they are bags they are more form fitting and you can get them in spots where hard cases take up too much room. Yet your gear is still protected, and not as heavy to carry around as hard cases.Bottom line is these are really good cases for the money. Armor's website contains good info on how to size your bags and when I emailed their support with a few questions on bags for oversided floor tom mounts they responses were quick and helpful.                
I bought this Bag cos i have custom OCDP 20X22 with 4" extended hoop and this bag fits perfect !                
I'd say that these are absolutely the best soft bags you will find for quickly packing and unpacking drums. The zipper which extends along the handle side makes placing and removing drums a breeze. My Gretsch drums, with large rim mounts, slip in andp out of a them with minimal effort. The bags are substantially built and have a thick fleece lining that does an excellent job protecting the drum. I've purchased a lot of drum bags over the years and these are by far the best that I've found.                
Overall the bags are very durable and very well coushioned, which was a major concern of mine when i was looking for drum bags.The overall quailty is very high. The material is very thick, firm, and very well cushioned, and they do a great job in protecting your investment (your Drums) My recomendation is that you buy these drum bags, you won't regret the purchase.                
These Ahead Armor cases are truly amazing. You can tell that a lot of thought and effort went into the design, based on real-world conditions for everyday working musicians...and at a ridiculously affordable price. They are stiff, tough, thickly padded, plushly lined, waterproof and easy to load and unload, thanks to their unique shape and zipper design. I've tried other bags (and hard cases) over the last 30+ years and nothing else even comes close, in terms of overall quality and ease of use. One minor recommendation I have to anyone purchasing these is to vacuum out the fleece lining thoroughly before loading your drum inside for the first time, as my drums were covered with a small amount of loose fleece residue after the first time I took them out of the cases. No big deal... :-)                
N/a                
The shape of the cases is genius                
N/a                
The quality is top notch and seems like it will last a very long time if not abuses                
Its worth every penny                
Haven't had to contact them                
I play a Mapex Saturn series 6 piece and the saturns have unique hardware that requires the cases to be 2 inches oversize. When I bought the kit I assumed that my hard cases would work from my pearl but I was wrong. The ahead armor cases are great. The shape allows for the hardware to fit in the case and not need to be 2 inches oversize. I have played 5 shows so far using the ahead cases and I love them.                 
Been playing and carrying drums around since Moby Dick was a Minnow. I have owned fibre, cordura, beato, skb and the list goes on. AHEAD cases fit well, are very durable and have enough room for rims and other suspension gizmos that stick out from the drums. The zippers are top quality and padding is excellent. Will buy them again for my other sets.                
These Ahead Armor cases are truly amazing.  You can tell that a lot of thought and effort went into the design, based on real-world conditions for everyday working musicians...and at a ridiculously affordable price.  They are stiff, tough, thickly padded, plushly lined, waterproof and easy to load and unload, thanks to their unique shape and zipper design.  I've tried other bags (and hard cases) over the last 30+ years and nothing else even comes close, in terms of overall quality and ease of use.  One minor recommendation I have to anyone purchasing these is to vacuum out the fleece lining thoroughly before loading your drum inside for the first time, as my drums were covered with a small amount of loose fleece residue after the first time I took them out of the cases.  No big deal...  :-)                
If there was a custom made tom drum bag, the design would not be far from the Ahead Armor bag design.When you place your drum inside the bag, the fit is so perfect, that you feel confident that the drum is safe and protected. There is no swimming around in the bag like some other manufacturers bags. The bag is moderately priced and affordable for the gigging drummer.                
My drums have never sounded better as a result of my frequent use of my drum dial. Although I have a fairly good set of drums (Sonor) the sound of my drums is something I would compare with the best sets on the market.                
My drum dial came with the case and accessories. The high-impact case keeps my drums safe in transfer from place-to-place. It's most useful featuers include ease of operation and consistent tensions. I have a lot of fun "playing with" and experimenting with my drum dial.                
As I indicated above my drums have never sounded better. I have a six-piece set of 9-ply natural maple drums, and the drum dial increases the natural warm sound of my wood drums. Simply put....wow!                
My drum dial appears to be very well constructed. It came without any blemishes and I take excelent good care of my "toys"--especially this toy. I am confident that it will have a long service life as a result of my careful handling of it.                
The drum dial, in my opinion, is worth its weight in gold. As I look back I don't understand why I didn't invest earlier in a drum dial. I am interested in the new digital drum dial but hate to fool around with electronics and batteries. I can just see me at a gig tuning my drums and running short on battery life. Maybe you might think about including extra batteries?                
I ahve had no need of any repairs so it is hard for me to rate this support section.                
Not sure what sex my drum dial is but I think its a guy since it likes to measure stuff. I would like to see drum dials in a rainbow of colors like red, yellow, blue, pink---for the girls.                
In have looked at other products like the Tama drum dial and it looks cheap. So, I intend to stick with what I have because of the obvious quality of the instument.                
I am a professional drummer with over 40 years experience as well as having excellent pitch (I am a singer and guitarist as well).  I thought of myself as having excellent drum tuning skills.  I just borrowed this from a friend and WOW!.  Last week I spent about three hours retuning a used kit that I picked up and it sounded great, but when a friend of mine said you have to try this thing, I thought why not, there are definitely some overtones that I could still use to get rid of.  After about an hour with the Drum Dial, I can say that I never had a kit sound better.  I was actually surprised at how well I did on my own getting the head tensions correct, before using the Drum Dial.  I was never off by more than five pounds and in most cases not more than a few, but even the minor tension adjustments I made with this thing absulutlely rocked my world.  What is more; I can only imagine how much quicker it would have been the first time with the Drum Dial.                  
Comes with info on what tensions to use.                
Very straight forward.                
I am guessing that this is just an adapted lab device.  Very high quality                
The ammount of time saved would make it worth while at twice the price.                
Wouldn't know,  didnt need it and doubt that you ever would                 
I have been looking at this drum dial on and off for the last few years, but always thought that I can do a decent job on my own.  When I tuned up my toms, I couldn't have been more wrong.  My drums sound more alive than they ever had.  This is the best investment you could make for your kit.
I emailed the company to ask about recommended settings for my drums and the president of the company personally emailed me what he recommends.  A week later, he wrote me back for a follow up!                
IM A NEW DRUMMER, AND IVE TRYED ALL THE TUNING TECHNIQUES IT DROVE ME CRAZY, AND IT NEVER SOUNDS RIGHT.  DRUM DIAL DEFINITELY MADE IT EASER. ITS QUICK AND YOU CAN USE THE CHART FOR RETUNING AT DIFFERENT PITCHES UNTILL YOU FIND YOUR SOUND. I WAS VERY SURPRISED IN THE DIFFENENCES.  GREAT FOR NEW DRUMMERS,SAVES TIME AND YOUR PLAYING ON TUNER DRUMS                
Once you open up the drum dial, you recognize the weight of the item and it looks like a good quality device. Once you tune your drum heads to a tight tolerance which focuses on the tension of the head, not the tightness of the lug, you hear a new consistency from your drums. In my case, a birch Tama Silverstar set with stock heads is made much more focused, tight, warm.....it's because the device "hears" your set on a different plane of reference. What sounded pretty good now sounds tremendous. Give it a shot if you are meticulous about tuning.                 
After being on the tech crew of a few thousand shows over the last two decades, it may be difficult to believe, but my hearing is not what it used to be. Drum Dial to the rescue. It makes short work of tuning up my drums. No nasty overtones, just consistent spot on tuning.                
It is something to definitely think about getting if you want to get the optimal sound out of your drums..allows equal tension on all lugs and puts the set in tune and allows the true sound to come out..excellent product!!                
The Drum Dial Precision Tuner is a great tool for taking out the guess work in tuning your drums. I would highly recommend this equipment for all skill levels.                
After using the Drum Dial a few times I went back to tuning my drums the old-fashioned way, and not because I dislike it. It has actually helped me learn to tune better and way faster than I ever could before. I know what my drums should sound like now.                
I am just learning to play, waited 40 yrs to buy a set of drums. Bought a set of drums and did not have a clue where to start on tuning them. The Drum Dial  is great, dont know what i would do without it.                 
Lets face it, tuning a set of drums can be time consuming, especially if you are a perfectionist (like myself). This drum tuner really helps you get the job done quickly, not to mention, its kinda fun.                
Very good tuner for your drum very easy to use nice product                
Great job, fast shipping. Would order from again.                
It's not that the drum dial itself has sound, but it allows me to easily tune my drums so they sound better than they ever did when I was tuning them without the dial.                
The one additional component besides the actual drum dial is a stair-shaped piece of metal -- the edge gauge -- that rests around the center pole of the drum dial and spaces it an ideal distance from the rim. It's a handy measure, but it does not stay well in place and seems more of an afterthought than an actual element of the dial's design.                
The drum dial is very easy to use and helps to take the guesswork out of tuning drums; it really speeds up the process.                
It seems really sturdy. I haven't had any problems with it, aside from the edge gauge which, while useful, could have been better executed. In its current clip-on relationship, it doesn't stay put very well. The needle on my dial doesn't point to zero, but I saw a video online that says it only should point to zero when rested atop a flat piece of solid glass ... and it does. Still, that it's not at zero when at rest does irk me a little, irrational as that may be.                
I don't think the drum dial was a steal, per se, but if it lasts me the rest of my life it will have been worth every penny. As of now, it's quite valuable and a very appreciated invention.                
I'm just putting a 6 because it's a neutral grade; I haven't dealt with their customer service. I did, though, check out their how-to calibration video on YouTube, which was handy.                
This is not a sexy product; it's purely functional but immensely useful.                
I hope to never have to replace it. Time will tell if it's sturdy enough to last, but it certainly seems to be ruggedly constructed. All told, I'm very happy with the product and glad I purchased it.                
Very easy to use, and if you don't like the sound, it is easy to adjust using this tool.                
I love this thing. My Ludwig's never sounded better.                
The best tool to dial in on the true voice of you kit!! Very easy to use! Will let you know if the bearing edges are bad, and/or the hoop is bent or warped. Does take a bit to get dialed in the first time. But once or twice and you will tuning like a pro!!!                
I haven't used them but the interchangeable heads would be very useful                
This is a very high quality stick, with durable covers that can be replaced if they get damaged. I haven't noticed any scratches or dents yet on mine though. The only down point is that the writing wears off, but that's nothing.                
The sticks are expensive compared to other sticks but they're just so much better!                
I haven't had to deal with the company, but the 60 day warranty means they're probably easy ot dael with.                
The black covers with white tips look brilliant, they go great with my black kit.                
I doubt I'll ever go back to using wooden sticks.                
Awesome unique and crisp sounding sticks.                
I love the replaceable tips and sleeves. If they wear out just replace it, simple as that.                
I never really bring extra sticks to practice but the one time i did i actually achieved to break the sticks, thankfully it was at practice but i still trusts these sticks over any other brand.                
These sticks have unique characteristics that just explode into the senses catching and mesmerizing you.                
I expect to be using these sticks for as long as I can keep a beat and thats not going to stop for a while.                
I am 13 years old and I have been playing drums for 7 years now, and I have always been using Vic Firth drumsticks, until my 13th birthday. I got these sticks along with my Gretsch Catalina Birch drum set and I have had the same pair of drum sticks for a year now and they are in perfect condition and they don't have any cracks. These drumsticks are used by many famous bands ( Metallica, Trivium,  Def Leppard, etc.) because they are EXTREMELY reliable and comfortable. I highly recommend these drumsticks. In fact, you need to buy these drumsticks. Since I got these, wooden drumsticks are just not an option for me, they vibrate too much and aren't comfortable. If you are a drummer that wants to save money, save time, and not have to switch drumsticks really fast during a concert if they break, BUY THESE DRUMSTICKS.                
This drumstick sounds a little different than wooden sticks, but i alo think it is harder on cymbals-b/c thier metal-but overall very good drumstick.                
ive had these sticks since spring, and they are just starting to peel the plastic off the stick, i am a very hard drummer though-heavy metal..so i really put them to work when i drum..                
this stick is very playable very different from wood, they bounce alot easier than wood and have a higher pitch when you hit i think..                
very tough drumstick, although mine are starting to peel.. getting ot the metal core now. no bends though.the tips are kinda dumb though you have to super glue them or something..unless you wnat to keep screwing them on all the time..                
very good looking drumstick! they are C-O-C-K-Y chicks dig them- belive me!....                
I just bought these nice Ahead Joey Jordison Sticks and i can only say one thing. They are AMAZING!!! I use a Pearl Export Joey Jordison Signature and they sound great on it!! They are very light weight and easy to use, it's like you cant feel them at all. Some peeople recommend grip tape but I don't really need it. Overall great sticks at a great price. The sound it makes is a nice loud explosive chirp on the snare drum and on the toms....it just makes them sound more alive. Best sticks i have ever used, just it needs a bit more reach. On top of that it lasts quite a long time.                
Its excellent!! It can't be better cept maybe a lil bit more reach, buh other then that it's great. You can change the nylon tips and the shafts no prob and they are cheap too. Like 4 dollars for both shafts and like what 2 dollars for both tips.                 
Well it depends on the drummer. I am kinda an all around drummer though I play alot of metal. You don't even need to worry about the fatigue problem. You can play for weeks on end without tiring your wrists out.                 
It lasts up to like 4-6 months without having to change the shafts or tips. Ahead sticks are made with the nest quality. Every stick is perfect. Just that it might be a pain to change the shafts and tips. You need to use a clamp to twist off the tips then use a blow dryer to soften the plastic so the shaft can slide off. Then put and melt the new shaft on and twist and lock it off with the tip and some super glue. It might seem like a pain but its like changing strings on a floyd rose, a pain but worth doing.                
It is a bit more expensive then other sticks but it's worth it in the long run since most experienced drummers break their sticks like once or twice a week.                 
I actually havent had a problem yet with ahead but if you ever did i don't think they would be that hard to reach. There is also a 60 day warrenty on the sticks.                
It's actually pretty sexy especially is you have a jet black kit like me. The sticks go well with my jordison export or any black coloured kit. Also when you play the white tips gives the stick some extra flare.                
I think i would be using these sticks for a long time. Maybe at least 5 years but then maybe I would like to look for a diffrent sound. If it weren't these sticks then maybe other ahead sticks like the lars sticks or even the Travis Smith ones. Or if i had to pick a whole other brand then maybe vic firth.                
Nope, don't change it: it's light, compact and super cool!                
I'll use this sticks forever and ever!                
I've bought 3-4 pairs and have broken every one of them. Do not buy them thinking they are unbreakable, because they are not! Never get vthe tips to stay on without messy glue.                 
A little more UMPH than most sticks.                
It's a drumstick.  How many features can there be?  However many there are, this stick has them all.                
I think these sticks actually make me play better.                
High quality.  Much much better than plain wooden sticks in my opinion.                
They're a bit expensive, but hey...                
don't know                
Very cool.  Joey Jordison is awesome.                
Awesome sticks.  I don't know if I'd want to buy them again because they're pretty expensive but we'll see how long they last.  I doubt I'll have to replace them anyway.  Then seem that they'll last a long time.                
Awesome last for ever i am a really aggressive drummer and for as long as I've had these i would've broken at least 3 pairs of wooden sticks they are a good investment                
I've found that the AHEAD sticks don't sound quite as crisp as a hard wooden stick, however they still sound great. If the sleeve was engineered a little harder, they would most likely beat the wooden sticks.                
The ability to dismantle every peice of this stick is amazing. Though a dab of superglue on the threads is essential, because I've found that the tip keeps on screwing off.                
A very good stick....extremely dependable. I've had mine for over half a year i think, and there's no sign of any impending failure. These sticks are tough!!                
Compared to how much money worth of wooden sticks you would go through in their lifetime, they're well worth it....probably by 10 times...wouldn't know exactly yet, have only had them for 6 months or so.                
Amazing drumstick overall...unless you're the type of player that either: never breaks sticks, or is dead set on the wooden "stick" sound, I would reccomend them to you.....Just TRY and break these things. It's crazy!                
The sound is super cool it is by far the best iv ever used........                
the only thing i dont like about them is when my hands get sweaty they get a bit slippery....but that can be fixed i guess.....                
The Quality beats anything else..........just try and break these by playin' they are simply awesome                 
They are very cheap for the value......buy these instead of buyin' a new pair every month                 
Overall these are a beautiful stick they are consistent they are easy on the hands, durable, virtually unbreakable, really, what is not to like.....                
I recently purchased this throne as an upgrade over a Roc N Soc throne with a back rest. I found that I wasn't using the back rest and I was having lower back issues. I decided after seeing a Hobson bike seat similar to this throne (split for pelvis independence) at my chiropractor's office that I would give this a shot. My chiropractor also happens to be a drummer and he thought this could be a good thing too. After about a month into using the throne, I really like it a lot. The lower back/hip/sacroiliac issues are gone while I play and do not bother me after playing either. I would recommend this product to other drummers who have lower back issues. I do a lot of separate and independent work between feet - I have a very active hi hat foot and a lot of action in the bass drum foot too. I do feel a difference when playing on this throne compared to my Roc N Soc. I had a Gibraltar throne before that that I liked as well but this Ahead Spinal G throne is the best I've used. Also - do not buy just the seat top without the base. All of the mounting hardware is a different size (as other reviewers pointed out). Buy the whole throne if you decide to buy it.                
I recently purchased the AHEAD Spinal G throne. I gig often with a Corporate band and my posture is not good. So far, this throne has made me want to straighten out my spine, and sit "tall." It may sound silly, but any professional or middle school band director will tell you that good posture promotes great playing and endurance.When you are drumming for an hour straight, good posture is very important. So far, the throne has given me support that I have been missing, and the four-legged foundation REALLY gives you solid footing behind your kit!It needs a back rest! For $200 it should have one. I'm not a big fan of the stitching on the bicycle seat. The black sparkle sides match my kit which is nice, but I am concerned that over time, it will tear easily. It is $60 more (on average) than most professional grade thrones. I spent the extra $60 because if this throne allows my spine not to compress while I am performing, I believe that my endurance will improve, and I will not be sore after a gig. Though it is more expensive than most thrones, can you honestly put a price on ling term comfort and endurance? No...Save the extra $60 and INVEST in you equipment. If you buy a $50 throne, you will end up buying more than one over time. One negative, is that the wing nut that sets the four legs gets in the way when you break the legs down. It is a struggle to tighten the wing nut to keep the legs from opening. Someone made a design error. :-)Haven't a need for Manufacturer support. zZounds has made it more convenient for me to buy gear and pay in installments! THAT is the best deal in town for sure!THANK YOU zZounds!
Lastly, I used the "sound" rating for "comfort."  I gave it a 4 because it needs a back rest.. Manfacturer support received a 5 because I do not need support.  The product is sturdy, and can't imagine it breaking (Seating material aside)                
I bought this sight unseen on recommendation of a friend and I was not disappointed. At 6'3' and 300* lbs I needed a extremely sturdy throne that would be comfortable as well. I can play for hours at a time with no problems and no pain. I highly recommend it.                
The Advance 61 is high-quality product which comes with lots of very good free software (downloadable), but suffers somewhat through lack of full support for the complete integration of the VIP VST Host software.
The keyboard itself is very well built. I find myself wishing this keyboard was on all of my other synths and workstations ... it's that good. The pitch wheel has an oddly slow return-to-center. This will bug some players, but I find it works just fine. I should note that there is something comforting and inviting about the construction of the wheels themselves. The buttons, knobs and pads are first-quality and reassuring "pro" feeling.
The VIP VST host concept is incredible, when it works right, which it does with most VSTs. It's very possible to scarcely look at your computer screen at all ... the workflow is that well thought out and intuitive. You'll need to need the manual and scratch your head about a few things, but it becomes obvious very quickly.What's bad (and the reason for the 3 start overall score) is that VIP isn't very well supported by Akai, in the sense of maintaining patch maps and compatibility. There are significant problems/bugs with some populatr VSTs (in my case Arturia MiniV and Prophet V) which make these VSTs unusable within VIP. These have been known for months with little support from Akai besides "trying reinstalling".
Despite the fact that this is a MIDI controller, I rated sound 5-stars owing to the excellent compliment of VSTs which are included. Its' not an exaggeration to say you'd have a complete sound-set with just what is included. These are not stripped down versions, but the "real thing" from Air Music Technologies. The inclusion of a DAW program - like  Abelton light - would have made this a "system in a box", but now I am quibbling.                
Ordered this beauty last week, this being my first controller I do not have any experience to compare it to another controller. I will say that it is a extremely professional looking and feeling instrument, everything responds perfectly; I have never used a keyboard before so getting used to how the keys react was different since they are pressure sensitive. VIP software works great, I can find useful sounds a lot quicker then before when I was just using my DAW to browse the sounds. Definitely recommend you pick one up, has all of the features you could want, and that screen on the keyboard is extremely useful. The included Plug-ins sound amazing as well! Hybrid and VacuumPro have allot of great sounds, Hybrid has an infinite amount of trance based sounds. Excited to dive into it more and more each day, is a very inspiring instrument.                 
I read many reviews before purchasing this Controller. The keybed is on par with my Synthesizer collection. The rotary encoders have a nice solid feel and no stepping that I have encountered yet.
I purchased a separate power supply due to the fact that I run multiple instruments off of the Daw PC bus 10 USB ports all full. Some provide power some, just data. Either way, a USB Bus on a MoBo can only provide so much current.
Integration with Cubase and Sequel was a breeze. I did not need an I-Lok Account for the included software.Integration with Ableton was just as simple.
Expression and Sustain jacks both work as intended.
MIDI in and Out is easily configured. This controller was a wise investment and has already paid for itself. I would recommend this controller to anyone who needs quick access to multiple VST's and hardware at the same time.
well worth the value. The three stars are for Akai's archaic web support system. It works but it needs more plain directions and an easier to follow format.
Shipping from zZounds was fast and the package arrived in good condition with no signs of damage.10/10 would purchase again                
Keybed is heavier than my Yamaha Motif action but lighter than my Moog Sub Phatty. Keys are very responsive will get better as I use it more. Software was not too difficult to install and iLOK is not a requirement. Pads feel ok. Knobs are awesome. Documentation on Hardware Midi use is very sparse Akai should look into revising the manual. Packaging was adequate and it arrived safely.
The VIP software picked up my most important VST's that I use for my works.USB driver installation was straightforward.                
I am loving this keyboard!! Just the look of it inspires me. I love being able to control my instruments and effects with VIP software. It feels like more than a midi controller, solid and sturdy, just like my old Roland and Korg boards. My workflow has definitely sped up. Keys are a little stiff, compared to the NI Kontrol Series., but playable.                
Standalone using VIP is simply amazing. Don't even need your computer Screen on. Sounds great like concert class. Mine won't work with Reaper, I've looked at videos and tried reinstalling the DAW program and no go. Ableton works good with it except for the fact it won't let me Import plugins from VIP, shows my folder empty but all the plugins are in VIP. Customer support isnt very great. Haven't heard back about issue. The VIP software is a little buggy sometimes starting. Have to close and restart. The key board functions, features and build quality are very good. Doesn't feel like a cheap plastic. There are better products out there but for the quality and amount of plugins VIP gives you. It's not a bad deal, you can always add equipment however you choose your setup to be. BTW the grand piano sounds amazing. Sadly sounds better then some videos of regular Yamaha keyboards. If I were to purchase a different keyboard it would be the Native Komplete Kontrol downside is your stuck using their stuff only and you have to buy the program not to mention that will run you 1200k. It's worth it if your positive that's all you want to use but why be limited.                
Essential tool for any serato user. If you've been using serato for awhile you understand the value of a full DVS system you can fit in your laptop case for under $400. This is not only a great option for gigging but it also unlocks the full version of serato for setting up and rough drafting routines anywhere on the fly.                 
This controller is an awesome, cheaper alternative to a serato mixer. perfect for traveling or for a little at home studio. The included innofader is worth it alone. Cant wait to order the AFX                
This is not something I would take to serious gigs but it's a legit backup with some unique features. Great for someone on a budget.                
An amazing product! Will be super dope in the future if Akai Releases an upgraded model with a screen similar to the Push 2, that being said I chose this APC40 over Push 2 because the APC is rooted to me towards making mixes and controlling the DAW, where the Push is more meant for writing and controlling. I make Progressive Trance similar to Anjunabeats and Elliptical Sun Artists, and I do not necessarily need a beat maker like the Push 2. 
The APC40 really feels like you are inside of Ableton, the 1:1 ratio between the mixer in the DAW and the controller is amazing, it feels like you have Abletons mixer in your hands. The knobs are all really amazing for controlling Ableton Macros, and controlling VSTs is very intuitive and third-party plug-ins as well. The A/B Crossfader is also a really creative feature to test your tracks into lil mixes. Highly recommend this product, it makes me enjoy Ableton 10x more.                 
An amazing controller that allows you to take your tracks into the realm of performance and past simple playback. The layout is intuitive and easy to maneuver. Its highly portable and the build quality seems pretty good, not amazing but solid. Sliders and knobs all have a nice smooth feel to them and the mapping capabilities make it supremely flexible. So far I would highly recommend it.                 
It Sounds like 90% of sounds you hear in movies and tv.                
Complete, even batteries.                
At first its like any other wind instrument...not as easy as it seems but if you have any experience learning any musical instrument you will soon realize that its perfectly fine to do some research and spend a few weeks working on it before you take it out to your next gig. (It does help improve posture and dexterity on other woodwinds instruments. That's a plus)                
Its solid, no worries, you are not going to break any keys.

It looks good, civilians love it as well as musicians.                
Definitely. Its a valuable tool for the price. Given the importance and demand of the business today. EWI players are capable of doing what no other midi instrument can. Price is right.                
Have not used yet.                
A nice addition to my setup. A plus in every way.                
Very satisfied. Unique, the best on the market, I will cote Michael Brecker "Thanks Akai"                
After taking the time to read the instructions and following some YouTube tutorials, I was up and playing what I hear in my mind. This thing is very expressive. ZZounds gave me an awesome price! Thank you so much.                 
After owning the Akai EWIUSB for over a year I decided to buy the 4000s model. I am very happy with it...especially with the great price I got from Zzounds! Thanks!

Also the customer service is fantastic!

I used to only shop with American Musical Supply; however, almost every item I received had to go back because it was missing parts or just did not work! I believe they are selling second items!

NOT TRUE WITH ZZOUNDS!

I will be making another purchase in the near future!                
Love the woodwind voices the best. Cool instrument. Takes some time to get used to. Neat tutorials by people in England on youtube. I found them helpful.                
I have not used the instrument long enough to know how well it sound compared to other natural instruments. However, I have heard others play the EWI in bands and for personal use and they sounded great. I bought mine to learn  how to play a wind instrument, at 67 I couldn't blow a natural instrument if I was the wind. The EWI is so easy to blow into and make a sound. Now all I need is to disipline my self to learn the mechanics of a note, which may be harder than blowing. It is a great instrument and I am proud to have it!!!!                
The USB feature which allows me to use the instrument any where I go.                
see above comment                
Akai  has the best in sound equipment. I have used this brand for years and I am well satisfied with their products.                
Zzounds has supplied mw with great quality products at the most reasonable pricing. Add in the 4 pay and it is a win win situation for the customer. I can't se me using any other music store to purchase high end equipment or standard musical instrumentation.                
Zzounds is always excellant with the support they give their customers!!!!!                
I have wanted an EWI since they first came on the market. When they came out with the less expensive USB models I was ready to buy. Before the USB version they were way out of my price range at $600.00 and up, where the USB version is just over $250.00.                
I want to learn to play the EWI, so I wont be satisfied until I do!!!!! It will never be lost, but if stolen I would probably buy another or start playing the harmonica!!!!                
Akai Ewi Usb is a great beginning Instrument for people who is looking for something new. I would advice you to get the warranty because it is showing me signs that I should have got one.                
Worked for about 15 minutes, then stopped working. ZERO support from Akai, never answered emails, so no help there. Bought another one, because they were cheap, and it didn't work at all--tried on all four computers I have, and never got a chance to use it. Total waste of money. When it did work for a few minutes, it sounded like a kazoo or toy instrument. Not a quality instrument. Akai needs a real customer service department that answers customer questions and problems. Without it, their stuff is worthless. Too bad.                
Excellent little travel pad controller.  Can handle most any beat you throw at it.                
For this one I have to give it a 9.  The only reason I am giving it a 9 is the included software is confusing and Akai does not have any presets for popular software included or on their site.                
Again, a 9 because of the trouble programing it.  The device itself is fairly easy to use, but the software needs revamped.                
Sturdy, and solid pads with quality knobs.  You can't go wrong with this mini-Controller.                
Inexpensive and well built.  The only way you can go wrong is if you need more controls.                
I assume it will be excellent, but I don't know yet.                
Nice look, easy to use, and travels well.  Need I say more.                
With few exceptions, not related to the device itself but the editing software, this is the perfect pad controller for the mobile laptop studio.                
you use it to control sounds.                
the 8 pads are lovely. the 8 knobs are lovely. they also feel goods.                
just plug that little sucker in and your good to go. wait I lie, I had to do some editing on the Akai Editor but it was no hassle at all.

I use it with Ableton Live and they work together as a great tag team.

I dont slam my equipment on the wall so I cant say much on what exactly the LPD8 can and cant survive

But I love the feel of the pads, I love the orange LED that it makes when you hit the pads. The knobs are nice and fat.

This product has waaaaaaaaaaay better quality build than the NanoPad (I owned it, pads went out on me)                
there is no better drum controller for this price better than this. IT IS BETTER than the NanoPad.

I havent contacted Akai yet. no need.
                
the black pads, the LED, its rectangular size. It can travel safely anywhere with ya.  It makes me feel good, inside.

I love that I can now program my drums hitting the pads, instead of keys. But you can groove anyway you want people.                  
I will only replace this if I ever have the courage to buy me an electric drumset.  

As ive said before, it is soooo much better than the NanoPad.                 
the thing was amazing when i took it out of the package... but only a few days later the usb plug for the pads broke! the thing cost me about $100(including the warranty) and i was pissed. the thing its self was great, the pads a little less sensitive then what i wanted but thats alright.                 
Received the Akai LPK 25 on February 16, 2011. Not a novice to music and music performance but I had never really got into midi controllers and using DAW software. So this is my first experiment into the world of midi.

For the price of this midi controller I am extremely amazed! This little controller is solid, and the velocity sensitive keys are wonderful and helps create that more "human sound" when playing.

I have been using it with Ableton Live and it's really a lot of fun how simple but great this product sounds.                
The Akai LPK 25 was a snap to install! Actually there is really nothing to it, just plug it into a usb port and you are done! Just that simple.

It did come with little piece of software for setting up the arpegiattor which can be set to external control so it can sync with your DAW's timing or you can set it independently.

There was no fuss setting it up in Ableton, in fact there was nothing to setup. I just plug in the LPK 25, startup Ableton and it automatically just works.                
Very easy to use, small and portable. Great as an added piece to your 'mini studio' setup, or for taking on the road so you have an easy device to record ideas anytime/anywhere inspiration may hit.                
Great quality, the keys feel great, it definitely doesn't feel cheap when you play which surprised me to be honest.                 
The price is what blew me away. As a person that wanted to get into midi for the first time I was always a bit put off by the higher priced controllers and was specifically looking for something that not only offered what some of the higher priced controllers did but for a nice low price.

If and when I do upgrade to a more elaborate setup, this LPK 25 will still definitely be used as a wonderful tool that is portable, and great for testing out musical ideas on the go.                
Not applicable...

not had to contact support for anything yet "knock on wood" it's worked 100% since I've had it and just been a lot of fun.                
Small, portable, yet the feel is very professional, the velocity sensitive keys and the feel of the keys is done very well, which shocked me that the price wasn't much higher.                
I really like this keyboard - small light and compact, easily fits in a bag for the road warrior musical producer.     The keys are nice, and i like the easy transpose feature, which slides up the scale an octave in either direction.   The biggest complaint I have however, is that the usb input, is a bit flimsy.    I unplugged my usb cable and it seemed to shift and maybe dislodge the wiring.   Now it registers as connected only half of the time, even though it is plugged in always.    This could be a great tool, but it needs SERIOUS revisions.                
Has with most Akai products the sound quality is exceptionally and is compatible with most software.                
It has 25 keys and is portable, most software are compatible with this keyboard.  But you may have to fine tune the software.                  
The keyboard is made well responds to touch pretty accurately.  No sticking of the keys and no need to hit extremely hard. It is also lite weight and fits in most laptop bags easily                
I have not dealt with the company personally.                   
I purchased this product for portability and I am pleased.  Don't forsee any future problems.  I would recommend it for that feature alone. This company also make larger keyboards which are able to take advantage of the every expanding softwares that are available.                 
This Keyboard Controller is a really good product. I was looking for a controller that was small and compact so that I could easily carry it around with my laptop. I went with the smaller more compact Korg Nano keyboard controller at first. I was not satisfied with that product because it was just too flimsy and it didn't have a real keyboard feel to it. I then purchase the Akai LPK25 and realized it should have been my first choice. Even thought it was a little larger and bulkier then the korg, it was still very portable and had a much better feel to it. It's still a very basic controller, but it dose that job very well at a price that I can appreciate. The only negative experience I had with it was that the keys are small and the pressure sensitivity of the keys are sometime non responsive.                 
Well Built                
This little keyboard is so amazing, I got it to use with Reason (and a few other DAW's), and it really has mind-blowing responsiveness to the nuances of how hard you play. If you've got a pretty decent computer, and are using something like Reason, you can adjust the latency etc. to play what you play almost immediately without delay. The only downside is that the keys are pretty small(but that's so you can take it anywhere and use it)...But trust me, you'll quickly get used to the small keys. One other thing: Be very careful about plugging it in. If it's not fitting, don't push very hard, because you can push the inside of the plug down inside the piano. Other than that, this thing is pure gold.                 
I've been using my Midimix on the go for the past year or so And I didn't really have time to review but It's durable and reliable. It's small and affordable. Very nice button and knob display. Try it yourself. The only pitfall is, the lights will only work in ableton live. However, that doesn't compromise the MidiMix's performance. And yes, it does work with any daw.                
As a gear head- I've had many samplers including the MPC2000XL which I regretfully sold a very long time ago- the concept of having the MPC standalone again is amazing!! Especially  in a time where I really wanted to get away from being tethered to a laptop or computer which has been the trend in the industry lately that I'm glad AKAI decided to step back from after the Touch and MPC Renaissance. 
The MPC is reborn-- the LIVE feels great!! Lightyears ahead of it's ancestors before it and IMO- even it's computer tethered counterparts today like maschine and push. Everything from the RGB pads to the super responsive touch screen/ with a ton of features literally at your fingertips just makes you want to play with it NONSTOP. Features like Pad Perform gets you making melodies right away without even having to plug in a Midi controller- definitely making it easy for you to get started on a song in no time.
 I've already sampled some my favorite drums machines and synths in my collection right to the unit- sounds fantastic!! 
It's been so refreshing to go standalone-  I use it as my main sequencer to control my hardware synths. I couldn't be happier without the laptop. 
I'd also like to thank zZounds for helping finally get one- My customer service agent Fransico did an awesome job- thank you for all your help you are awesome!  
Raw sounds tend to clip, so adding compression on every track and the master is a must in standalone mode. When working in controller mode, it is best to have some decent channel strip plugins or a solid preset of stock devices in your DAW of choice. When exporting songs in standalone mode at 320 kpbs, I have found the sound quality to be comparable to Ableton Live and FL Studio.                
Best features of the MPC Live are definitely the External Drive bay for expandability, the natural feel and color organization of the Pads, the amount of I/O on the Rear Panel, and of course, Q-Links.                 
As others have stated, there is definitely a steep learning curve with this product. I highly recommend a thorough manual read, in addition to watching as many videos about the MPC Live as possible. Once the initial concepts of Tracks, Keygroup Programs, and Sequences are learned, the songwriting process becomes easier.                 
Extremely high build quality, solid as a rock. All metal chassis means this thing can take a beating, but obviously don't try to give it one. I have flown with mine, and after 2 months, the only real sign of wear is the matte finish rubbing off the corners from me not keeping it in a case.                 
Definitely worth the money, and to me the price tag was perfect. The Roland Fantom X6 that I mentioned as being the best music making tool I ever purchased was the exact same price at the time I purchased it, and I feel so much more confident about my investment this time around. Yes, it is a valuable product worth every penny you pay for it..                 
Haven't had to go to Akai for anything yet except initial download software and hopefully it stays that way.                
Every person I have shown it to is amazed by the portability, size, and form factor, in addition to how much it can do. I definitely feel awesome knowing that very few people chose the MPC Live when there are so many other similar products out there. I think the real WOW factor is the Lithium-Ion Battery, which is why I left that out of my best features. The 5-6 hour battery life is what sets the MPC Live apart from the Toraiz SP-16, the Octatrak, the Maschine, Novation Circuit and every other Drum Machine. The true standalone power of a 7 inch screen for midi sequencing, audio editing, and mixing makes the MPC Live the best and only choice for any Hip Hop, R&B, and Dance producers, beat makers, or any sort of live electronic musician looking for a product to integrate to a non-computer based, standalone hardware setup.                
Overall, the MPC Live is the best music making product I have purchased since my Roland Fantom X6 in 2001. As a Music Producer, it is important to have an easy way to create, organize and manipulate sounds in a mobile format. The MPC Live is the solution to the most common computer-based producer problems because of its flexibility. The MPC Live can adapt to virtually any style or genre, and there are many ways to enhance your music making experience.                
I got this unit in July and still learning how to use it. I have never used an MPC before. The mac pro video series has a tutorial that skims the basics, after watching that I started messing around with it. The MPC forums have a lot of valuable information to help you get started. If you buy this unit the only thing you MUST also buy is the MPC bible from the MPC forums. It dives in depth and will turn you into a master. 
 Now to review this unit let me begin by putting out the most important gripe by many others, The software is still in Beta mode and some features are not yet available. Trust me the features in which are available will keep you busy for the next year at least.
 The Live has a battery and you can use it anywhere. The build quality reminds me of the Ableton Push very solid! It comes with a lot of sounds but you must remember that this is a sampler so the sounds are unlimited. The inputs on the back are 1/4 inch dual phono jacks unless you have a turntable and ONLY then can you use the RCA's via phono preamps. You will need a mic preamp if you want to use a mic. May I suggest buying a Tascam DR-40 or other mini recorder with a 1/8" stereo jack to dual 1/4 inch phono jacks to make a portable rig to get your mic sounds into the Live. without needing power. The wifi and blue tooth are not active yet but will be soon. 
 The Live works very well and if you never have used MPC like me, you will be able to have a lot of fun learning it as you make music with it. This unit is deeper than you could imagine with all the onboard Fx and instruments. If you are reading this you should buy one for yourself only if you want a portable studio that rocks and you are willing to learn to use the Live.                
This product is everything and some .. I'm loving it.... and I love zZounds so much for letting me upgrade my setup without all the money up front ... sampling is a breeze for me know ... before I was sampling through a program then dragging it over to Mpc software.. dnt have to do that anymore ..                 
The mpc live is so good its one of the best mpc made i have been using the mpc since the 3000 this is a major improvement in workflow and the sound content is off the chain you will be able to make great music with just the sound and software that came with the mpc it has all the plugins you need to finish your song i recommend this if you want a standalone situation but if not needed you can get the mpc touch and be fine or if you don't need a touch screen the mpc studio will do the same thing as the other mpc akai products are great!!!!                
I had the mpc 500 and the 1000 and moving to this was fairly ez. I'd say the touch screen is better than the lcd line display I'm used to and the  workflow is nice. Only things I'm not crazy about is it's a freaking dust magnet with it's rubber feel coating. Also when plugged in I get a noise so I have to unplug and go to battery to be able to work on it, not sure if there is something on my end to fix that but I'll be looking into it. Otherwise a very capable piece of gear.                 
Friend of mine was in a terrible accident while he was healing in the hospital his MPC LIve shipped.We had a fantastic experience learning this amazing piece of equipment together and it really allowed my buddy to take his mind off his pain. One day later after jamming out in the burn unit my homie was able to go home and enjoy his new MPC Live;special powers this thing possesses                 
Man oh man i tell ya this thing here i cant explain but the stuff this thing is capable of the videos on youtube dont even show the true power of the mpc live only thing im pretty mad about is i cant run vst instruments on standalone but i can live without it and use my vsts on the 2.0 software for now hopefully akai can put that into a future update but for now im fully satisfied with it this is way better then the mk3 maschine but dont get me wrong i tryed the mk3 its pretty dope too but mpc live is the champ for now                 
Man oh man i tell ya this thing here i cant explain but the stuff this thing is capable of the videos on youtube dont even show the true power of the mpc live only thing im pretty mad about is i cant run vst instruments on standalone but i can live without it and use my vsts on the 2.0 software for now hopefully akai can put that into a future update but for now im fully satisfied with it this is way better then the mk3 maschine but dont get me wrong i tryed the mk3 its pretty dope too but mpc live is the champ for now                 
Crash crash crash not able to save not useful at this piont untill akai fix all the bugs this thing is useless my bke beat thang works better then this and trust me the beat thang crashes alot too                
I was skeptical at first about purchasing this unit but it actually has more bang for the buck than expected. I am a fan of akai owning the mpc 2000xl. It is still a solid unit to this day. I bought it back in 2001. With the evolving methods of production these days, you can produce good material right from your pc with midi controller equipment. The Akai MPC studio black is a great answer to this call. Compared to the stand alongs, This unit surprisingly duplicates that essence of what the MPC line is all about. The sequencer in any unit is very important. The timing clock built on this unit cause your pc to give very tight timing. That plus the tweaked sound library that comes with it makes you appreciate the tradition of Akai Drum pad unit line as usual.
Back in about 2007 I had an MPC1000, I had no clue about FL Studio until a year later and so without knowing how to transfer my music from the MPC to CPU or use a Keyboard. I switched to FL Studio. I always wanted the Ren but of course cost was an issue. Once I found the MPC Studio I was in heaven. Now depending on the type of beat. I will work in MPC Daw or Fl Studio Daw. I love the Converters that Akai uses and I love the workflow. The pads feel great! Very durable and I can now use VSTs and Keyboard controllers!!! Best think ever! Follow me on Instagram to see how I use both the MPC and FL Studio to create great compositions! @JetMuzikBeats                
I feel the mpc software is only good for sample based production beat making. Haven't tried Native Instruments yet but think it's looks nicer graphic and workflow wise. But since more it's geared more towards trap beats, red flag. And let's not sleep on fl studio slicex either. But as for the mpc studio. I came to conclusion that the mpc touch is a better choice(in-spite not being a standalone either) if you decide to get one. The studio takes to up too desk/table space and has no inputs etc. which is wack. The Mpc touch is sleeker, doesn't look ancient, and has a touchscreen that resembles the featured software etc. Need I mention more?                
I have been so productive since I got the touch. The software is easy to learn, the pads feel good, and the touch screen is a nice touch. I wish I could record midi straight into to logic but hey nothing is perfect. I would definitely recommend this product. Big thanks to zZounds for letting me pay over time.                
I own the MPC LIVE and have owned the MPC 500 and 1000 in the past and purchased the MPC Touch just recently and can tell you it holds up to the best of the rest. Honestly I use my Live in controller mode more than standalone so the touch would have been sufficient for me to begin with but I didn't realize that until I got the touch of course. Akai is my happy place so I can't say enough good about any of my gear from them. Oh and I left a review on the Live and mentioned a noise problem, just to update it wasn't the unit at all, I was getting noise from a powerstrip, changed it up problem solved. I'd update my review there but don't see the option.                
This is the best piece of production hardware ive ever owned. A great deal of how much you will get out of it depends on how much time you spend learning the Touch and its software, MPC 2.0. If you put the time in like I did watching tutorials and practicing how to make music with it, it pays off ten fold and is a lot of fun to use along the way.                 
The Touch is not the Renaissance but if you already have a phono preamp and dont need extra midi I/O or USB inputs get the Touch if you want a Touch screen. It's cool using the Touch screen but if you like the classic MPC workflow/feel... The Renaissance is the closest midi controller to that feel. I sold my Renaissance and got the Touch and don't regret it but, I may get another Renaissance in the  future after the next flagship MPC is released and prices drop. The Touch is nice great for traveling and can be a center piece in your studio. The workflow takes sometime to get use too. There are some functions on the Touch that have no been implemented yet. The new 2.0 MPC software update will take it to DAW status so maybe the touch screen will really have deeper integration. I've had the Maschine studio and Push 2 and although I really like komplete 10 and Ableton Live I found the MPC workflow better for me but, both of them are good options but the MPC software is very easy to get around and there are plenty of free online tutorial vids. 
If you're just starting out and only have a computer no audio interface the MPC Renaissance  is the best value followed by the Touch IMO. My 3rd choice would be Push 2 "because Live is awesome but a learning curve for me" next MPC Studio and Maschine last.... But in the end they all do the same thing but workflow and ease of use and quickly being able to quickly put down an idea and later building it up the MPC software Madrid EZ                
I used samplers for years and all different types to include the MPC Renaissance which was my first Akai and even though both the Touch and Renaissance use the exact same hardware the MPC Touch is so intuitive. I love creating with this gear!                
i sold my MPC ren to buy the Touch and i later regretted. To me the touch screen is a gimmick. I sold it and I now use the Ableton Push 2 and I'm very satisfied but i will keep an eye out for a cheap MPC REN or maybe a studio to have because i do like the MPC software                 
I must I have no idea of what I am doing struggling and struggling with drivers, software and verification for hours, horrible horrible was to start out. Called tech support they emailed me a one sheet that did nothing except make me spend another 3 hours messing with it.                
Finally, Akai has come to their senses to make a standalone/hybrid Mpc. I have owne the mpc 2500 limited edition the renaissance, and still own the touch, and this unit by far is the best of the best. It has a very fast learning curve, the pads feel great and nice response. I have only had it a few days but I have not had any issues. Back lit labels make it east]y to get around fast, just buy it you won’t regret it.                
I have the pleasure of owning the MPC Live. It is a BEAST! My overall project results have gone up by 50% because of it's sequencing and crispness in sound.
I just love it. The workflow is better. You can get ideas down in a flash. You can add an internal sata drive for more storage and navigation is a breeze. I'm going to get the big brother to my live next because I like they way the pads sit directly under the screen where I can peak up at the screen while tracking. It'll be around a long time. It is the new classic to it's already long line of products. Thanks AKAI for finally releasing these killer units. It was and is worth the wait.                
This came with 2 FREE VST programs that are great!! 
The function and quality is nice, the pads react smoothly....I don't know why you would want to buy a midipad for any other price when this entry level priced pad does the job so well!                
I love feel of it. It took me some time to get used to it but being a studio one user it intergrated immediately even without having to download the software for it. Thinking about getting the mpd226.                
I love this little thing it's perfect and does what it say. But my only gripe is it's so light and I wish it came with a stand to make it sit up higher.                
Seems to respond very well. No issues as of yet. Shame the instructions are terrible though. Definite learning curve, but well worth the price. Youtube is going to be your best friend...                
A Classic reborn !!!! cant wait to try the 232 model                
 it's a controller so there is no sound.                
I haven't used manufacturer support.                
I love it. The pads are super sensitive. I love the addition of the pitch & mod wheels, and the keys feel great.                
This controller is amazing. Plug it in, Turn knob to your favorite DAW and you're on your way!
Having owned a original MPK49, the upgrades they have installed are excellent.
The DAW Control button let's me click through pre-set's with out having to touch my mouse or even look at my computer screen. This is all out of box mapping on a wide range of popular VSTi's. 
My only suggestion to new buyer's is pay the $20 for the A/C Adapter.
MPK's can only receive midi information if the A/C Adapter is plugged in. This will allow you to use the Arp and Note Repeat on External Midi clock's.                
Been using this for 3 years now, solid as a rock. I control multiple daws and softsynths as well as multiple hardware units. Built like a talk, beautiful looking, easy to program. Keys feel GREAT, and the pads are, well, Akai pads, the best there is.                 
I was looking for a more 'control from the Midi-Controller' set up than my old Alesis Q61. I wanted to be able to have sliders for the mixer, transport to interface with my DAW and and other programs. This seemed to promise that it worked with all software DAW's.  Turned out that it was not set up to work with DP8. There was no preset for DP8, or Notion 5. In short, there were presets for most other pro Software based Daw's EXCEPT for DP8 and Notion 5. The Quickstart guide was so curt and uninformative, I couldn't find a detailed set up to try to set up MPK261. I contacted Akai and they said there was no detailed way to do this and try to contact MOTU. I contacted MOTU and Notion. End result: Nothing works as promised  for my DAW's. I have basically the same functions as my $150 Q61, but for $499. Transport does not interface. Pads are not needed. Sliders do little that I need. Tap tempo is not how I work, arrpeggiator is fun but not needed.For my needs I give this  few stars. For those that work in the way this controller is set up, probably fantastic controller.                 
The description of product is misleading .using a plugin every time use it.time comsuming.concerning workflow.mpc essentials is great easy tool. Live lite doesn't have full control capabilities. Can't download 88 Keys. The product specs are great.It looks good.I can achive more out my old keyboard, without connecting plugins and other power supplies that this thing needs.pads are great avelibilty on keyboard,that's all. This keyboard is not worth the price. The most disappointing thing is: thare are no demos that are helpfull. You got go to YouTube to figure how to conect (for full control) of knobs.through other consumers
I did a lot of comparison shopping for 25 key controllers, even after getting this one and using it for a few days. I originally wasn't very happy with it. I considered sending it back and getting something else instead. My perception was that the keys were not responsive. It turns out that it was just my laptop's audio driver latency which was bad. When playing the soft synths in Reason, the latency gave a perceptible lag, which you may not realize is latency at first but something just feels off. I mistakenly blamed the keyboard at first, until I plugged in an external USB audio device with ASIO drivers and played through that. The latency was gone and the keyboard seemed much more responsive. The second thing I didn't really care for was the mini keys. I didn't realize the keys were so small before I purchased it. There are a few other 25 key controllers with full size keys, and I thought about replacing it with one. 
In the end, I decided to keep it because I already have a nice big 61 key controller in my studio. I bought the Akai as something to use with the laptop and maybe take along on vacation. And for that purpose, it is perfect. It really is very small and light. It fits in a laptop bag. I can live with the tiny keys since I'm no piano player anyway, and it fits directly in front of the laptop nicely. 
The pitch/mod joystick is a pretty nifty feature. Be aware though that it always snaps back to the middle. Mod wheels usually stay put. Plus the zero joystick position sends 50% on the modulation instead of 0. To get to 0 you have to pull the joystick down. I think this is editable in the software though. In the alternate case pulling down on the joystick will send the same data as pushing up. I always like the Roland joysticks that combined pitch and mod that only pushed up and not down. At any rate, the Akai joystick is a fun controller that doesn't take up hardly any space and can be used in lots of creative ways. Plus I think you can map it to different controller numbers.
The eight pads take up a lot of space. I won't comment about the pad responsiveness compared to whatever, since I'm not a big pad user. Obviously all the controllers are moving toward more and more pads, I assume because of Ableton. I don't mind a few pads, but keys work just as well for programming drums. I'd rather have more knobs, myself. The knobs on the Akai work just fine.
The arpeggiator is a nice bonus feature that I haven't seen on any other mini controller. It's a very simple one, but it's really easy to switch it on when you want a quick preview of how a patch would sound arpeggiated. Plus you can latch it.
The knobs and pads have 4 different programs you can switch between. You have to use the editor software to configure it. You can set which note the pads send and which CC number the knobs send. I set program 1 on mine to map to the first 8 pads in the Reason Kong device, and the knobs to map to filter 1 and 2 cutoff and resonance, plus a/d/s/r envelope on most Reason synths. And program 2 pads to the second 8 Kong pads, and the knobs to the combinator knobs.
A note on the editor software. It's got some bugs that you have to be aware of to get it to work properly. When you first try to send or receive data from the Akai, it will pop up a box asking you to select the input and output device. The trick is to ONLY select the output, else it will crash the program. It took some digging to find this on the Akai website. I did put in a trouble ticket at first but NEVER GOT A REPLY! I almost sent it back over the crappy editor software and lack of support as well. But I got it to work eventually.
Overall, I would prefer normal size keys. But I like how small and light this is, while still having a joystick, 8 pads, 8 knobs, and an arpeggiator, plus 4 banks on the controllers. The only extra I wish it had is some transport buttons.                 
I travel a lot. I make a lot of music on the go. I use this board with Logic Pro X. Works great for me. I took a while for me to get it configured but after doing so, I'm impressed with it. Very simple and easy to use. Very small but powerful. Allows me to work on music at the office or in my bedroom, or just any place where I couldn't take a full size keyboard or controller.                 
Just received this little guy and i love it! using it for synths solos, organs and plan to use the pads for launching tracks.
I love the 2 free day shipping thanks zZounds!!! will continue to purchase equipment here!                
This thing is fantastic.
The only con is the manual says to use TRS cables to record audio in and disable the mic. That's not true! It actually requires TS cables! TRS cables won't turn off the internal mic and will not record clear audio or mono with this device. However, TS cables work great and the device responds to those immediately.
Besides that, it's a great multipurpose sampler and is easy to use. You can record any mono or stereo audio via line in and editing is straight forward. You can also drag and drop Wav. files onto the device via usb.
After sampling, just drag and drop the Wav file into your DAW or record line in via the MXP16 line outs.
It's as easy as that.
We use this thing as a sample trigger for various sweeps and movie samples during our live shows. The loop functionality and ability to change velocity, pitch, and volume on the fly is extremely useful. Samples can be loaded directly from PC to SD card and kits can be created and saved to the card.Only con is long samples take a while to load. It takes about 3 minutes for full boot when loading a custom kit of 2-4 second samples. So power it on and load your kit BEFORE your set starts.                
I am using this device to run samples for a live band. Such as the FX track for "Living Dead Girl", More Human than Human" & "Pornstar Dancing"....Simple to use & looks cool. The pads have a back light for each.                
Drum machines, especially items such as the StreetBox and the XR20 are tough sells in the age of samplers.  While the XR20 has 700 sounds, each of which can be tuned higher or lower, you're still stuck with those 700 sounds.

I honestly wasn't overly impressed with the sound palette.  The first night I had the machine, I sat down and worked through all of the sounds and put my own kit together.  The sad part about this is, I had trouble picking 12 sounds for my custom kit...not because there were so many great sounds, but because I felt there were so few.

The XR-20 is setup with 3 channels of MIDI, "Drums, One Shots and Synths".  Some of the one-shot sounds are pretty nice, but there aren't enough of them to be very flexible.  They give you two guitar chords when you wish you had 3 or 4.  The downside to these one-shots is that they'll be overused and outdated in notime.  Leaving you with a machine where only the Drums and Synths are useable.

The synths are OK.  They aren't groundbreaking or especially exciting.  Comparing the selections of sound in the XR-20 to the venerable Boss DR-5...the Boss wins hands down.  Then again, the Boss retailed for around $500 more than 10 years ago...so given the price of the XR-20 I guess it's ok.                
I've owned a few drum machines in my day, Sequential Circuits, Roland, Boss...but the XR-20 is the first Akai machine I have owned.

The XR-20 has all of the common features in a drum machine that you've come to expect.  You can tune each sound to your liking, you can put together your own kit of the sounds you like.

I think where the machine really excels is in the Akai sequencer.  Akai has made a name for itself with the MPC series of samplers/sequencers.  I've never owned an MPC so I can't say that the XR-20 is LIKE an MPC sequencer but I'd imagine that it is.  Obviously you can adjust your quantize to wherever you want it.  The unit has a "swing" feature that works alright in some situations.  But there is something about how this unit sequences that give the drums a certain natural groovy feel when compared to a 100% software sequencer like Cakewalk Sonar.

Another feature that I have grown to love is the "repeat note".  I use it frequently when laying down hi-hats, to minimize the wear and tear on the pads and also to keep everything in-time.  You can come up with some ridiculous hi-hat riffs using the repeat function.

The way the XR-20 stores patterns is in an A/B + FILL configuration.  So you can easily pop between pattern A and a variant pattern B while also throwing in a FILL whenever you want.  I'm not sure how useful this is in the studio...it might be geared more towards a live DJ who incorporates some of his own beats into the set.

As someone else already mentioned, the pads are backlit with a nice neon-blue color.  They flash when the pad is pressed or sequenced.  This looks really flashy and impressive, but it's not overly useful.  It would look great next to a DJ on a live set.

enough on that...                
The unit is fairly easy to operate.  Many of the menu buttons are dual-purpose and serve to toggle between one type of menu or the other.  I found this to be a little confusing at times and it's probably just a situation where I need to adjust from one machine to another.  

I'm not particularly fond of how the XR-20 measures out its' pattern length.  It has a default of 8 which is actually 4-4/4 measures.  Dropping it down to 4 turns the pattern into 2-4/4 measures.  I'm not sure of the logic here and I haven't bothered trying to understand it yet...but be aware.

The unit seems fairly well built.  I am a little concerned about some of the smaller menu buttons and how long they'll hold up to abuse.  On the flipside, the DR-5 is still going strong after all of these years and the XR-20 actually seems better built than the DR.

In any case, I'd still be careful with the unit.                
I put the value at about the halfway mark.  For some people, $300 is not alot of money to spend on a new piece of equipment...for others, that $300 investment needs to last.

When I say "last", it's not only the physical aspects of the machine, but the sounds that it makes.  Will the sounds in the XR-20 be as useable today as they could be in 5 or 10 years?  NO.

This is where the XR-20 falls flat on its' face.  I think this machine will be pretty darn good for the next couple of years, but if you are very serious about making beats, I'd recommend holding out and getting yourself an entry level sampler.                
I haven't needed to contact Akai support for any reason so I cannot comment on this.                
It's a decent piece of gear to add to the arsenal.  If you're strapped for cash and want a decent machine, you could go with this or maybe buy something from the secondary (used) market.                
I can see myself using this machine for years and years to come.  Only because I've got it linked up with the DAW so I can lay down some drums on the XR-20 and then pipe the MIDI into the computer and assign different hits in GURU.  This is a nice little setup, but it's not perfect.  If the XR-20 had 4x4 pads, it would be unbeatable.  3x4 pads is kind of unorthodox.

If this unit was lost or stolen or destroyed...I definitely wouldn't rush out to replace it.  It's not an integral piece of my workflow.                
Good quality sounds!  Make for fun beat outlines and quick beat idea's.  I use it conjunction with my MPC 2500                
It is great for a little drum machine.  For $299, you wont find a more fun and easy to use Drum Machine!                
Simple, I did not read the manual at all, and I got it in less than 30 minutes!                
Its Akai/Numark!  I have never had beef with them on quality.  It is plastic though!  It has a shiny glossy black plastic top that will certainly get scuffed up!                
Awesome fun little unit for $299!  I did not plan on getting one, but played with it at GC, and could not resist!                
Been good to me through the years!                
FUN AS HELL!                
Get it, it will make beat making fun!  I use for mobile use, outlines and drum tracks in conjunction with my MPC2500LE and Fantom X and Motif XS.  It is great to take on trips or wherever, use with batteries and make music where I did not b4!                
Ok lets start off by. the sound. The drum & bass sounds are all pretty much nice. The synth sounds are not all that great. Most of em sound like something out of a nintendo super mario video game which might not be bad for some.                
power supply,manual,midi in midi out so you could use it as a controller i guess. mic input which is not all that great at all. You cant even hear your voice all that well with it plugged in bc theres no kind of amp pushing your mic sound. Pretty dumb idea on their part  having a mic input with no kind of phantom power built in just use a mixer.                
This thing is so simple my 10 year old lil brother could make beats out of it but like i said there needs to be way more synth sounds and better sounding ones. More piano and strings would of been nice bc they sound the best on this thing so do alot of the bass sounds.                
built great so far but it isnt built like a tank looks like you gotta take care of it & never drop it bc it seems like it would break easy.                
i think it's ok but it lacks in some areas. I think with an upgrade it could be even better. Hopefully this is just the first xr-20 maybe we'll see an xr-23 in 3 years.                
never dealt with em & i dont plan on to but i gotta 2 year warranty just in case.                
it's ok not something that will knock your socks off.                
i'll probably be ok with this product for a few years till they make a newer and better one.                
Technically, the 16 bit, 44.1 kHz sample playback engine sounds great - no noise or grittiness. The lows thump your chest and the highs are crystal clear. The 700+ sample sound set covers all contemporary music genres: Hip Hop, Glitch, Techno, Synth Pop etc.                
Nice built-in effects (assignable per pad), tap tempo, note repeat, 10 -digit keypad, runs on AC or AA Batteries (x6), back-lit drum pads. Of course the only thing this box is missing is sampling capability - but this not what this drum machine is about. I docked the machine one point because while the pads are velocity sensitive, the truth of the matter is that they will only output 1 of 2 velocities (soft and hard). You have some control over the actual velocity values (MIDI velocity values) sent out the MIDI port, but you're stuck with a soft and loud hit only - not true velocity sensitivity in my opinion.                
Frankly, I haven't had so much fun with a drum machine in a long time. I've owned dozens since the early '80s, including MPCs. This instrument is so easy to use straight out of the box, you'll be making beats in no time and looking up at the clock to see that 4 hours have passed and you haven't even cracked the manual yet. Everything is where is should be, and everything works like you expect it to. Kudos to Akai for their attention to detail.                
No issues here. Though I wouldn't say its built like a tank, you don't have the concern that it would break after a few years of pounding. In fact, I like the pads on this machine BETTER than the pads on Akai's entry-level MPCs like the MPC 1000 and 500. They just feel right.                
A steal at $299.00 (street price). Pocket change. What are you waiting for, buy one already!                
From the moment Akai introduced this at Winter NAMM, I couldn't wait for it to be release. I'm glad its making it into stores now (May-June 2008), rather than Akai making us wait almost a whole year after announcing the product (like with the MPK49 - which I also have and love).                
I've been playing with mine for over a week, and the honeymoon is still not over. Sure, the backlit pads are a gimmick to some, but I find it helps to see the flashing patterns to know what drums are triggering in a particular pattern - plus it just looks cool. Add to that the fact it can be run on batteries (6 AA Batteries last about 5 hours - so get rechargables!), and I can see taking this everywhere.                
I bought this to make different types of music and all this thing sounds like is hip hop, hip hop, and hip hop. Not one house kit, not one clean sine-wave style kick. It's all phat garagey sounding music.                
I hear this thing has effects.                
Pretty easy                
Made well.                
If your on a budget and want to play $300 for 650 individual sounds... I blew through the library in under 30 mins just listening to all the different sounds.                
I'm assuming they got a great support team.                
I don't like one thing about this product. I wanted to make house music and the kicks aren't for house music. They are way too phat. I could of used a couple of claps from this machine but it's worth it. If you wanna make house or techno look somewhere else. It's too RNB and hip hop.                
I read all the reviews before purchasing the AKG c214 and I will tell ya.....its everything I could have expected and more......Great Mic well worth the money....Buy it from Zzounds...There customer service is top notch, fazt shipping and they have great payment plans. Thanks zzounds!!!!!!                
best sounding silky smooth mic i own on my deeper voice and guitars                
shockmount wind screen                
light and very well made...                
got a price match and saved some cash...                
never used before                
looks fine                
good to hvae different mics                
I've had this microphone for the past month and it has been my main mic for tracking vocals. It has a great tonal quality to it and when coupled with my UA 710 micpre I'm able to track solid vocals.                  
WOW!!!! This is a "Great" product!!! "I couldn't believe, the sound that was coming from it". This microphone, "Takes recording to the next level".                
I received this microphone a few days ago. Packed well, no damage, well done zZounds.com. The microphone sounds great, a vast improvement over my previous microphone (blue baby bottle). The build quality is excellent, feels very sturdy. I am very pleased with this Mic thus far. I'm well aware of the fact that each microphone is different and responds differently to individual artists, I've tried quite a few microphones and this suited my vocal sound and style, the Blue was a great microphone, I was just not overly pleased, personal preference plain and simple. I can not find any reason to deter anybody from buying this microphone.                
For the money this mic is a great addition to every home studio. I have been very pleased with the sound on both slower and hard rock applications.                
I previously used the "Blue Yeti Pro" for recording for the past year and a half, and after using the AKG C0214 for the first time, I was blown out of the water on the sound quality difference!! Absolutely a great purchase!!                 
I bought this Mic a few months ago from zZounds and it is one sweet mic...It has a nice bump in the high end, but its NO Chinese mic at all, its an Austrlia Mic and has one smooth Pro sound.... I use this and My SM7b on vocals....this is smoother for slower songs....GET IT you wont be a sorry person....A+++++++++++++++++                
Bubblicious is the first word that comes to mind since this is a mouthfull of juicy sound for your ears my freinds. it is great with vocals, sounds superb and im only running it through my basic dm3200 preamps, let alone when i run it through a presonus.                
For this price Its a steal                
turn it on, read the manual for some good recording tips and try it out!                
Bomb, it feels tuff, the shockmount works realy well.                
its basicaly a c414 with some features missing, but its all the same components, 10                
theres allot of mics i want                 
Pends for what your using it for, sounds delicious on bongo drums too, 9 it is.                
I love options and this mic has 'em!! I record flamenco guitar and an occassional percussive instrument. I will definitely be getting another one in the near future. This mic is also great for mid/side recordings!!                
The multiple patterns are worth having as options. Its like have a couple of mics in one!                
This microphone and a nice preamp can get you an awesome sound! I use a FMR RNP preamp with this mic and a SM 81 for stereo or m/s recordings.                
Seems like a sturdy mic as far as quality, since I dont plan on banging it against something anytime soon, but it seems like it can hold its ground.                
Definitely worth it! Will be getting another one soon!                
Havent had to use 'em.                
Wow factor-the way it captures my sound, enough said! Just get one..                
Killer mic!! Period.                
whoever rated this mic only 1 must be totally deaf or they don't know what they are doing. this mic is made for room acoustics.                
Great microphone!!. I used this to record vocals for my album. In the manual, its recommended to use for back up vocals, however I used it for lead vocals. I just used the recommended settings. Anyway, Its little more linear than 414 XLII version. I was looking for a good mic that was very linear and works great with pre amp/compressors. The AKG 414 XLS is one of the few mics on the market that is close to a linear frequency response for a reasonable price. Comes with a case, pop filter and shock mount. No external power needed as well. Its high quality and works excellent for booth recording. The main characteristic of this mic is that it has a sensitive proximity effect. A vocalist or engineer might have to do a couple of takes to become one with the mic, especially perfectionist. A vocalist or lyricist would have to know how to control there vocals, wind and pronunciations. Once you get the hang of it, its very controllable and cool to use. I would recommend using a compressor and EQ console with this mic before you send it into your DAW. Comes out smooth and rich. Isolates very well in studio booths. So glad zZounds offers payment options with free overnight shipping. Can't beat that!!                
I have been mixing since the 80's , I've used everything on toms from  md421's to 57's, to beta 98's and even more expensive condensers.....and a dozen others.....this mic is the sleeper mic that does tom toms really, really well, I love the way this mic sounds on live toms, and you won't cry if a drummer beats the hell out of it.... buy a dozen....I use it everyday on tour now.                
I purchased this for kick drum and it delivers extreemly well for the price.  It sounds like the kick drum.  No artificial bass boost or anything.  Which for a lot of people who do not know how to tune, muffle or do mic placement on a kick drum is probably not good.  U an a ori drunner with more than 40 years experience so I know how to make my kick sound right.  For me this one is great,                
Simple, integrated stand adaptor.  I prefer a seperate clip.                
Like I said, it sounds much like the source that it is recording.  If your drum sound sucks this thing will not help                
Real solid build, typical AKG.  It can really take the high SPLs.  Realy nice finish and solid wind screen                
Yea, I wish I had the money for a nicer mike, but for the bucks I would buy it again.  I got mine on sale for 69.99.  Not sure I would have aid 100 for it at the time but now that I have it I would say it is worth the 100                
I will probably replace it for kick at some point but I am sure that it will just move to the 16 tom and I know that I will love it there.                
I've run sound for over 20 years using many brands of microphones.  This mic is crisper and cleaner than any other vocal mic I've ever used.  Even non musical people can hear the difference.                
This is a beautiful mic for the money, open, airy. I own three and am planning to buy a couple more, I've replaced the Shures I was using for stage mics. Everybody sounds better through these.                
It's a basic dynamic mic so not much in the features dept.                
Even singers with less than mic technique seem to do well with the D5 (it picks up sound well from a distance, very sensitive).                
Again, this rating is for a $100 mic, I think these are made in China, but they seem pretty sturdy, I've had one of my D5s for at least 2 years or so, no problems, still sounds great.                
Great mic for the money                
I think it's a nice looking mic, has a good heft to it, so those things add to its "sex appeal".                
I feel like I have found my mic and I've been a musician for 25+ years.                
They sound great and have a lot of depth and body.                
They come complete with mic holders and mounts                
Very easy to use once you know what to expect                
Very well made and rugged enough for touring                
This is the best price vs. performance package available.                
Have not needed that yet                
One you use them the wow factor comes from what people say about the drum sound. Wasn't expecting that but when several drummers come up and ask you what you are using, you know it's giving you what you were looking for.                
As a professional drummer with over 40 years of experience touring, recording and producing, I'm pretty picky about what kind of sound I get from my drum mics. I have used almost every conceivable combination of mics on the market and know the characteristics of most of them. There are great road warrior mics that have stood the test of time and touring as well as fantastic, but often times very pricey and fragile, studio mics and lots of things that fall somewhere in between. I play many different styles of music from small jazz combos to a large 20 piece contemporary big band as well as heavy rock bands. I use 5 different sets of drums of various configurations, sizes and sounds, so I need something that can mic them all effectively.When it comes to recording I generally use whatever that particular studio has available as that’s what their engineers are familiar with and I leave it up to their discretion. Most studios I work in have very high end gear. But for live shows, I want to have something strong and consistent because you never know what you are going to run into with house sound systems and often times you need to use your own P.A. so I need a great set of drum mics. My old set was getting a bit beat up so, I was looking for a good set of mics that would do the job but not cost a fortune. I checked out pretty much everything on the market and decided to give these new AKG mics a shot.I have used them for about two month now and they are terrific. They are very live mics and pick up the tonal characteristics of each drum spectacularly. Since using them I have had numerous people from the audiences come up and comment on how great the drums sound, and that doesn’t usually happen. The sound guys I’ve worked with have all praised them and were surprised by how effective all the mics were and how well they integrated together. But, I do have this to say. They are pretty HOT mics, especially the bass drum mic, so you need to warn your sound guy about the before you sound check them. If he has it set to what he’s used to with a bass drum mic, it’s going to distort and he’ll freak out. If he dials it in from scratch, it’s an awesome mic and he’ll love it.I would, and have recommended this set of mics to anyone who wants a great set at a good price. They are well built and road worthy, come in a nice travel case and sound amazing. They really do live up the AKG legacy. Buy ‘em.                
I bought this mic set for two reasons; I have owned, a great many mics and these are a fantastic value. These mics are "hot' in that they do not require much or any gain depending on the mixing board you might be utilizing. When the mics are run through processors they are simply stellar. Great Value for the $$.                
Simply excellent. Wide soundstage, not that much as K702, but great. Trebles are little higher, but nothing disturbing. Bass is fine, even in subsonic level and middles are well-blended between these.                
5m coiled/3m straight cable and changeable cushion is excellent thing. Most of the time I use 5m cable with soft cushion.                
Once you put them on your head and hit the play (or rec) button, you can enjoy nothing but natural sound. So yes, just put them on and press play.                
They are durable even if they don't look like durable. The construction is pretty sturdy and well-made. And most importantly - Made in Austria                
Yes definitely! It's worth every cent you've put into this. I'd say don't waste money on K702 or any other headphones, but that's just my opinion.                
no need                
WOW! Simply great!                
I've tried many, many, many headphones from $50 to $600. Just to name a few - AKG K702, K701, K271, K171, Koss PRO4AAT, MV-1, Beyerdynamics DT-770, .....
Nevertheless I like these most. Why? Because they're good for everything. Not excellent in every area, but well balanced. For instance K702 has crisper, little more detailed sound and wider sound stage, but zero isolation, making it unusable even in quiet outdoors or during recording. Same with K701. The K271 sound is concentrated on mids, they may be a little more detailed, however the sound stage is much more narrow (price for better isolation). Koss PRO4AAT are very flat, however very uncomfortable to wear for longer periods. DT-770 as well as some other BD are not very good in trebles, the sound is somewhat laser-shaped. 
These K240 are:
 - semi-opened - at least some isolation and some sound stage
 - very comfortable - unlike the AATs
 - easy to drive - 55Ohm!
 - performs well even in outdoor use (sometimes even better than closed headphones, because the isolation is not that strong - less bass gain from outside)
- not cheap, but well-priced :-) 
- durable - they withstand almost anything (even rain)
- more quiet when recording than K70x . While there may be some leakage to microphone, these headphones proved themselves excellent when recording wind instruments 
- comes with two cords and two cushions, excellent                
These phones have a very accurate response; I cannot detect LF bumps or HF peaks.  Great for pleasure or critical listening. I love these for what I do. 
The semi-open design can enhance listening experience, but can be problematic when in use as monitors in loud sessions where performers are working near sensitive mic's.  I can recommend the AKG 240S for those applications.
They are simply plug and play.  These are comparatively light in weight.                
While not luxerious,  they are elegant and similar in qulaity to my older versions that have lasted for more than 15 years in my studio.                  
If desire accuracy, these are a great choice in or above this price range.                 
I have not had to use AKG support. That is great.                
I own many sets of headphones both less and more expensive than these.  The 240 is my "go to" choice for 95% of my uses.                  
As I stated before, I have owned several the 240 series for many years, they continue to provide outstanding service. My newer 240's promise to to do the same.  Note that my new models sound a bit cooler than the older ones,  I would expect a break in period to resolve this very minor issue.  Other brands seem to demand an adjustment period when I first put them on.  With the AKG's I feel immediately comfortable, and can relax with confidence regarding the electro/convective signal path to my ears.  
Listening to AKG K240MKII, I notice less gain in the sound level compared to my AKG K77 Close-Back Headphone which cost much less. If you are expecting increase db gain on a Semi-Open Headphone this is not the best choice. Perhaps a Close-Back would be a better choice.                
I would say that the sound quality of these AKG phones is good. I wouldn't say they are a stellar set but for a hundred dollars they are a good value. They represent the music very well with a great balance of highs, mids and lows, although I would like just a little more on the low end. I am using them as a monitor for vocal practice. They are connected to a Berhinger PMP100 mixer which is connected to my laptop. I am singing to music with the vocal tracks removed and have not yet used it with my instruments nor have I used them in a live situation so I cannot attest to their performance in that setting. If I could change one thing it would be to add an in-line volume control and mute button.                 
They came with a screw-on 1/4" adapter which is nice. You know you won't have any disconnect problems with the adapter. My favorite feature of these headphones is a removable, locking cable that locks into place! It is much like a mini XLR connection. No more having to toss a pair of headphones because the cable is shot and no more splicing! Just order a new cable, click it into place, and away you go!                 
They're headphones. You put them on your head. Not a difficult task so ease of use is pretty obvious!                
The first thing you notice is that these are awesome looking headphones! The black and gold colors make them an almost elegant looking pair. They are very well put together and I do not foresee any mechanical issues. I believe these will be a dependable set of headphones that I will get many years of use from.                
I believe they are well worth what I paid for them. I have never paid much for headphones in general. I usually just got a 50 dollar or less set from a local retailer or occasionally a pair would come with something I purchased, so for me these are the most expensive headphones I have ever purchased. I have nothing else in this price range to compare them to but, I would say they are definitely worth the price I paid.                 
I have not needed to seek support so far, so my rating is based solely on what I know about zZounds and their excellent support and customer service.                
Sex appeal? These headphones are as sexy as they get if you could call headphones sexy! They are beautiful black with gold and physically great looking. They are self adjusting which I usually do not like but, these fit great and feel "right" on my head. They are also very comfy on my ears.                
I plan on using these headphones in one capacity or another for many years because they just seem to be a well built, comfortable set. They are definitely the best headphones I have owned so far. However, I am one of those people who buy something with the intention of upgrading somewhere down the road. I do this with every piece of musical equipment I buy with one exception.. my guitar! So far it's the only thing I have that I consider to be the "Ultimate" instrument or piece of equipment that simply has no superior.

I can honestly say that the AKG K240S Studio Headphones are the most comfortable, nicest looking phones I have ever owned. Add an in-line volume/mute control and you would have the ultimate headphones in this price range

These are by far the best headphones that I have ever owned. I've previously tried Audio Technicas and Sonys, and lower quality AKGS, and these make the others look like child's play. They were my most trusted companions as a home recordist... i've spent HOURS and HOURS with these things, mixing and mastering (yes, they are that good. I'd trust them as much as my monitors for checking if a mix is sweet or not). The reason I'm writing this review is because I just broke them... accidentally ripped the cord out of the socket (i wasn't wearing them... it was tangled around my leg). I'm heartbroken.                
The idea to have a switchable cable is ingenious. Never had to replace mine, even though it went through hell (it was all taped up).                
Fatigue? Forget about it. The only way you'll get fatigued with these things is when they bring out all the mistakes in your playing and your mix, and you get frustrated with yourself.                
Made in Austria. Can't beat it. These have lasted me YEARS, and they were still sounding sweet. The leather around the ears had started to crack and flake, but do you know how many hours i've spent with these damn things on my head? about as long as the average american has spent vegitating in front of the tube.                
I bought these so long ago that I forgot what I paid for em... a hundred bucks???? This things are a steal. They will be the best hundred bucks you can spend... if you're some newbie recording enthusiast and deciding whether to blow a hundred bucks on some crappy china mic or these, definitely get these. They will reveal flaws that  you will have to learn to deal with and will make your recordings so much better than some stupid cheapo mic. I just wish I could afford the K700 somethings or whatever the brand new ultimate model is (those suckers are $500 but i've heard that listening through them is like hearing the voice of god)                
Never had to deal with 'em. The best support situation should be a product that's so good you never have to find out what kind of music they play when they put you on hold.                
I'm on the verge of crying because I've lost them. i've lost a dear friend, all thanks to my stupidity.                
Treat em nice, kiddos. They deserve it. A true A+ workhorse.                
These are the headphones you see littering recording studios for a reason. They work. They're neutral, they don't spill too much, they're robust and most of all, they let you hear what's actually being recorded. You can literally wear them all day and not get either physically or aurally fatigued. Lots of bottom end, but it's not going to flatter the mix. You take them off and what's coming out of the monitors is amazingly close. The replaceable cord is a great touch. Basically, they're The Ones. You can mix in them as long as you check your work on monitors (all headphones are misleading when it comes to center-placed sounds). Lovely things. Up there with Fender and Gibson guitars.                
They're headphones, and they have a straight replaceable cord. I don't know what else you would need. The jack at the end is 1/8", but an adaptor to 1/4" was supplied with mine. Good quality too.                
You plug them in and put them on. Nothing to adjust. They just fit.                
Amazing value. About the best $100 you can spend on your studio, up there with the Studio Projects B1.                
Never needed any support.                
You want it.                
You could buy more expensive phones but the gains would be marginal and you would not use them as the workhorse that you use these as.                
I bought these headphones, finally, after hearing them side by side with maybe 12 other brands at Long&McQuade 3 months ago. They are simply supirior so anything ellse that was there, some phones were so uncomfortable you cant stand them on your head, and besides these simply sounded better. Most phones emphisized some tone and did not create the proper clarity and space needed for imaging. these phones fit like a glove and they dont become annoying for at least a few hours.. There IS some midbass and bass tones that stand out, when compared to bang&olufsen earbuds, however this shouldnt present a problem.                 
Fit great , Sweeeeeeeeet to look at . comfortable, no adjustments at all which is a good thing. 1/4" and mini jack, and detachable cord.                 
i cant see these dying anytime soom but who knows.                
best value, im 16 and i wash dishes at $8.50 an hour , looked around for months and decided on these.. there ya go.                
the retailer i got them from is great                
all gold and sexy. nice                
all good                
Perfect, uncolored sound.  Flat response.                
I like that they now have a detachable cord.  I was constantly worried about running over the cable or pinching it between my chair and desk.  It is comforting to know that it can now be more easily replaced.                
Plug in -- put on head -- listen -- simple enough?                
My old pair is over 10 years old and working great.                
You can spend triple on an inferior product.  $100 may be a daunting price for a casual user, but it is a bargain to anyone with a keen set of ears.                
If "N/A" was a voting option I would have selected it.  I have not had to contact support because I have never had a problem with the headphones.                
hey...  how sexy can headphones be that cover your ears and make you look like Mickey Mouse?                
I always recommend these to my friends that want high quality headphones for recording or listening to music at work.  Often they will buy something sexier or less bulky...  but they almost always find fault in what they have purchased and buy these in the long run.  There is a reason why nearly every picture you see of someone in a professional studio setting is wearing these.  They are the industry standard...  possibly the best headphones you can buy...  CERTAINLY the best for the money.                
amazing, i own event 20/20 bas monitors and the sound coming out of both are very similar, i can actually make music at night now without pissing off my neighbors and not worry about how the mix is gonna sound, but dont get me wrong i still think you should check your mixes on ever system you come across, but these headphones have given me peace of mind, plus they actually sound flat so you know what goes in is what comes out                
headphones!?!?!? what do you want..........                
these look sturdy very well built                
$100 come on, i actually had the chance to demo some other headphones like sony's and sennheiser's they dont come close                
dont need them                
i have it                
the best $100 dollars i've spent so far                
Excellent Sound, I use these for Mixing and Mastering, and can Honestly Say I'm very impressed.

Every so often They go Missing, and I Find either My son using them with his electric Guitar, or mY Daughter using them to listen to her.. whaterver it is she lsitens to!                
I like the detachable cord, and the screw jack..                
Plug 'em in put 'em on listen..                
So far so good after over 2 years I have no complaints                
Great value for The Money, I've paid a lot more for lesser quality Headphones!                
Really have No Issues, Great Quality, and good value for the money, Go Ahead and Buy Them you won't be dissapointed                
You see these cans everywhere. In the background of "The Art of Sixteen Bars." In the ending credits to "Bioshock: Infinite." Matt Stone and Trey Parker record South Park voices with these. There are certainly better cans out there, but they are marginally better for twice, three, four times the price, and the gains aren't worth it. If you're looking for quality cans, these are at the top of your list. I have had a pair for six years, and that pair recently gave out after they fell off my desk and I accidentally stepped on them (REALLY HARD) trying to pick them up (it happens). I immediately put in an order for a new pair. I wouldn't be caught dead in the studio without them on my head. Very true-to-source monitoring, solid construction (six years of brutal abuse that those horrendous Beats by Dre headphones wouldn't have lasted five minutes under), and unbelievable aesthetic quality. I'm responsible for at least a dozen of these being purchased.  One listen, whether its in the studio or just music on the street, and you know these things are beastly. These are the real deal. For the price, you're insane if you don't already have them, and you're a joke if you're not considering them.                
I bought the AKG 240s to replace a set of AKG 240M monitors I owned for more than 20 years!!  AKG makes a superior product and when the old set gave out I KNEW I had to replace them with the same kind.  Simply no other for me!  The 240 series has always been, and still is "Pro" quality, used as monotors in professional studios.  This is understandable.  The response it brilliant and the quality is excellent.  The semi open design allows me to converse with others without taking them off and they are very comfortable to wear, even for extended periods of time.  The 20 year old 240 monitors were 300 ohms where these are 55 so it took a bit of getting used to the deeper bass response but it didn't take long after an only minor adjustment to my equipment.  I'm an amatuer songwriter and this works well with my gear.                
The reason my 240 monitors quit was a short in the cable. That won't be such a big deal with this model because the cord is detachable and can be replaced without replacing the entire set of phones.  The cord is also 4 feet longer that it's predecessor, giving you 10 feet instead of 6.  My 8 track recorder uses a stereo phone plug where my PC where I mix uses a mini cable.  No problem.  The set includes a stereo phone plug adapter which screws over top of the default mini plug.                
Couldn't be easier.  Just plug it in and listen!                
Considering that my previous set of AKGs lasted 20 years, I'm not worried about their longevity.  The design was obviously made to last a long time.                
Yes!  The 240s are worth every penny.                
Actually, I couldn't tell ya.  I never needed support for this product, but experience has always told me that superior product=superior service.                
The slick black & gold color is very professional looking.                
As I said above, I expect to be enjoying this product for years to come, based on previous experience with the manufacturer.                
I purchased these to add to my existing collection of headphones and for tracking vocals in a garage studio. I'd used the K240M for a time some years back and found them to be good for tracking as well as checking mixes. The build quality and sound of the lower priced version surprised me and I like them so much I may purchase the MK2 as well. The 240 series are a studio standard and most people who use them find they hold up well. There are other phones that sound good and aren't super expensive, but in my opinion they aren't as accurate and generally don't hold up well in a studio enviornment.                
These are without question a clear, crisp set of headphones that will do all you need them to do in the studio, no false bass (like Beats) or muddiness.  You'll see these in many pro studios, there's a reason why.                
They have a very crisp and unbiased sound. Perfect for recording.                
Standard fare. 1/4 adapter. Mini XLR cable.                 
Just put them on.                
The headphones seem pretty sturdy though the cable seems a bit cheap but easy to replace.                
These are possibly the best headphones in their price range.                
Haven't needed any.                
The black and gold look is quite appealing but the sound is the main attraction.                
I don't see myself upgrading for a while. If these were broken or stolen I would probably buy another pair.                
Love them. Great sound and range, comfortable and solid. For the price, a must-buy.                
really good, clean sound and so light you will forget your wearing them. I like how it pops when you have instruments playing too high. Money well spent                
I bought this headphones not because I need it them to make any recording, but to listen to music on my cell phone. This is not what I was looking for! however, if I was looking for a pair of monitors to record lyrics for any of the songs I ever recorded this will definitely would have been the choice. 
It does exactly what a headphone (monitor) should do. You can perfectly listen to the music and to your voice when recording, this way you don't have to take one earphone off to listen to yourself. 
In my experience this are a good quality headphones. Not the best, but not the worst. The price is right, and the style is really off the wall.                
Very clean sounding reference headphones.   If want to blast your eardrums into oblivion with bass these are not for you.  If you want to hear details in the mix, then these are a best buy for the money!                
I've owned them all over the years Beyer, Sennheiser, Grabo, almost every model AKG has ever made, and the pair that shine above the rest, by far, are my 28 year old K-240 Studios. The good news is, they still make them and when I A/Bd the old set and a brand new set, they were almost identical. 
Sure the 28 year old set is more open, and lighter on top with more body/bite on the bass end, but I'm confident the new set will get there after burning them in for a few hundred hours.  
If I had 1 set of headphones to choose, out of everything out there now and I had an unlimited budget, I'd still trust a pair of $100 [street price] K-240s over anything else. Give me a set of vintage NS-10s and a pair of K-240s and I'll mix anything, anywhere.  Literally the best headphone for the money, in the world.  Period                
These are comfortable earphones that completely cover the ears. Good sound reproduction. They work as advertised!                
Very Detailed and resolving, deep bass, but needs a good headphone amp or at least a mixer to fully bring out it's good qualities.  Slow bass without an amp, but with an amp it quickens up.                
it included the 1/4 to 1/8" adaptor, I wish it had a thicker cable                
it is made very well, but the cord could have thicker insulation on it                
It's actually worth the full list price, the selling price is a comparative steal.                
the company was really friendly at answering questions arising before the sale.  I havent' had to deal with them further.                
These headphones are probably the best sounding I've ever had.  The sound is well balanced over all ranges, and I can hear everything that's in the audio.  Keep in mind though (you probably realize this already), your laptop isn't really enough to drive these.                  
I love the detachable mini-XLR.  Great feature if you use headphones a lot, and sometimes step on or trip over chords.                
They feel and look extremely well made.                
They're worth it, but I'm not really a capitalist.                
None needed.                
They look great, feel great, and sound great.  I wouldn't buy any other phones at this price point.                
I don't feel like you can go wrong with these.  I prefer them over my similar Audio Technica phones at the same price point.                
The sound is very good, however the bass is attenuated.  Meaning the bass you hear in the phones is not the true sound on your mix.  I have spent long hours mixing down tracks but then to find out the bass was all wrong.  if it sounds really bassy you might mix the bass lower, but then to find out once you listen to it on your stereo that the bass is all gone!  However i rate these a 9 because I don't use these for mixing tracks anymore!  these are best for giving your singers or musicians who are in the studio.  To a singer these will be the best headphones they have ever heard in their life.  The Highs are so crisp and sparkle.  the mids have a lot of character.  Don't use for mixing tracks!  These are perfect for putting on the ears of a vocalist or musician when they need to sound their best!                
Very long cable & 1/8th to 1/4th in adapter.  These sound great in an ipod too!  For this kind of listening it doesn't get any better.                
The speakers and the cable have lasted great for me. I've owned for 5 years, having bought them in 2005.  However, the little plastic part that says 'L' broke off.  Probably my fault, but doesn't effect the sound or comfort at all. =)                
Very valuable.  These will have your musician friends jealous and you will keep picking them up.                
It is very sexy with the gold trim and long cord.                
If it wasn't for the louder-than-they-should-be-low-end, i would rate these a 10.  Don't use to mix with.  Use these while singing, give them to your vocalists & musicians and you will be very very pleased!  These are one of the best Studio headphones you can buy for under $120.                
These headphones have brought so much clarity to my mix and the music I listen to! They even make 160 kb/s mp3's sound respectable!                
Plug them in, put them on your head... Any questions?                
I love the removable cable feature! It may make these last forever..... Normally the first thing to go is the cable.                
Considering how long these may last, and the amazing sound quality, I'd say it was a very good buy.                
They fit completely around your ears... (I hope) The leather padding is very smooth and comfortable. The shiny gold is flashy... They're proud, and huge!                
*Stop reading. Add to Cart*                
Awesome! Awsome! Awesome! I am using a Roland RD-700, and a GW7 keyboards respectively, etc.

The only tip i have to impart to make the device sound better, is, do not turn the volume up to the max!                
Well im no pro musician or anything, but I LOVE these.  The sound is always precise and right on the spot for what im looking for.  Not too high, not too low... but I do recommend finalizing a mix on monitors and not headphones anyways... but as far as i can tell they translate pretty darn well.                
I don't think they are all space agey with switches to set for different features and such, but they do their job well.                
Comfy, light, and funny looking... what else could u ask for?  I can wear em ofr hours without even know they are on my head.  Serious.                
Ok, well this is the one thing that bugs me.  My right earphone is kinda intermitent, but i have dropped this babies 30+ times over the 3-4 years i have owned them.  They still work, i just have to fiddle with the wire for a second each time.  (although, im buying a new pair right now!)                
I think they are amazing.  Seriously.  i paid 150$ for these, $99 for my second, im happy!                
Well... i wasn't happy that they wanted $60 plus shipping both ways to fix these... cause a new pair is only $99.  So i guess now i'l have two.                
I want another.                
For me a hobby musician... I think they cannot be beat.  Although i havent tried others other than Sony, but im sold.                
The best balanced sound I've heard in anything under $100.                
The single sided cord, its ample length and screw-on adapter are exactly what I need.                 
The cans themselves are über-comfortable! The fit is surprisingly secure for such a light feel.                
So far, so good. Solidly built for a lightweight set. The cord is secure and doesn't kink.                
These AKG's are easily worth three times the price.                
Haven't had to deal with them yet. For $40, I doubt I ever will. They break in a few years, I buy new ones. But I don't think that will happen with moderate care.                
Not much WOW in a set of headphones, it's not like I'm expecting a need to add them to my nighttime crimefighting outfit or have them translate Sindarin. The sound is pretty WOW, though.                 
I just received these headphones and they're probably the best sub-hundred-dollar set I've ever had. Clean, balanced and full, they are so far serving every purpose I need them for. Using them to program patches on my DigiTech rp360XP, they tell me exactly what it will sound like through my amp. Listening to music is a pleasure as they cover bass, mids and highs in near perfect balance.
Are there better? Sure. Are there better at this price range? Not even close. I've even used them for monitoring mixes and have zero complaints. I mean, yeah, if you need to hear a hummingbird fart through the mix of a dubstep Metallica remix, go for the $300 headphones. If you need a set that's not a toy and don't have a lot of money, or if you need to outfit a recording studio or rehearsal space with multiple sets of cans, go with these AKG's. I use a TC Helicon Voice Live 2, and during band practice, I can hear a perfect representation of my various reverbs, delay decays and harmony voice balances.
Rating these on parameters other than sound, they fit the bill wonderfully. They are light but sturdy. The cans fit completely over my ears and even wearing my eyeglasses I can barely tell they're there after a couple hours. Complete sound blocking? No. But more than sufficient for average use listening to music, practicing or mixing. The one-side cable is long enough for anything I need it for and a welcome relief from dual-sided cords hanging down my neck and down the front of my body. The handy screw-on 1/4" adapter covers all of my many needs. In short, these cans are great and for $40, I'll replace them if I do break them or something.                 
Ok there only $40 headphone but you'd think they last a day. I put them on to try them out, first they are clunky and not very comfortable. Then when removing them the ear pad fell off. I've had $20 Sony headphones last ten years and given away still working. I guess I expect too much.                
love these headphones! they sound good and crisp good for mixing and mastering brought for my boyfriend he loves it...                
One reviewer said they sounded hollow and lacking midrange. Well that is not true. I don't know if he is listening to rap or hip hop but these excel in the midrange. One thing these headphones do is lay bare a bad mix. I have listened to quite a bit of different kinds of music with these and they expose bad mixes. The highs are clear and airy and the midrange lets you hear instruments that normally get lost in a mix like acoustic guitars and laid back mid tracks. These phones play what was recorded in the mix. I am very impressed with the extended highs and the extended low end. Like I said, these play what was mixed and the midrange is there if it is in the mix of whatever song you are playing. They are a steal at fifty nine bucks!                
These headphones I purchased as a backup. Overall the headphones price point was the best.  The sound quality sound a little hollow and they lacked in the mid-range.                
I personally ordered this mic because i saw microphone parts had an easy upgrade for it (the RK-87 capsule swap). But before i did the swap (about a week after purchase) the mic is pretty nice out of the box, comes with a hard case that isn't included with most microphones in this price range (even some more expensive options). Inside the case there is a really nice shock mount and the p220. The mic out of the box sounds fine just about as good as any other budget LDC, but with the RK-87 capsule swap its crazy, the mic sounds very similar sound to that of a vintage Neumann. If you have a small knowledge of electronics/soldering i highly recommend buying this mic and doing the capsule swap.                
It's an entry level home studio mic but gives a strong semi pro sound. Can be muddy at times but easy to eq out.                 
Lo cut and pad!! These two always come in handy.                 
Just plug in, turn on phantom and enjoy!                 
Very well build sturdy, nice weight, mesh grill looks nice and great shock mount that comes wit it.                 
This mic is a must for any home studio locker. It will surprise you on how good of vocals you can get in a untreated room with this mic. If you need a bang for your buck mic this is it!                 
Haven't had to call them.                 
Looks good!                 
Just starting out look no further this is like having a mustang gt for your first microphone!                 
The mic has a warm sound when recording a string quartet. The musicians are very happy with the sound  the mic produces. It is nice to have the choice of different pickup patterns.                
For all those "purists" who believe you need a cord to maintain your guitar sound, you need to re-think your views. After thoroughly researching many different wireless brands and reading countless forums I was still undecided on what to try. I decided to try the AKG mini due to it's price and reviews. I figured, if I wasn't impressed, I wasn't going to be out a lot of money.
Well....I could not be more impressed or happier I did decide to try this unit. Great sound and ease of use right out of the box. Plus, zZounds shipped quickly and their staff answered all my questions to put me at ease with my first wireless purchase.
I let my lead guitar player friend who is an absolute "tone is everything" guy try it out. He previously owned another wireless brand which cost him $345 which he stopped using due to his loss of "tonal quality". Guess what.....he ordered one of the single mini units on the spot!!
If you've ever wondered about going wireless, buy one of these AKG units, you will be glad you did!!                
The unit gives clear tones to the amp with no loss and the battery lasts a long time. I haven't run any down yet and I've been using it for practice going on a couple of weeks now. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a dependable wireless at a reasonable price. Shipping was super fast.                
Not bad but you can expect some tone loss as with any wireless system. I like being able to have two guitars rigged up with it. My main guitar is on the first channel and my backup guitar is on channel two. If something happens with my main guitar I can flip a couple switches (the on button for the wireless pack, and a input channel select on my tuner and ta-da I am back in business. Thats the coolest thing.                
It works great, on a single AA battery that holds charge for several 3-4 hour shows. 
Sounds great, easy to use. 
The best one for the money                
I purchased a 4 channel AKG 70 reciever and 4 AKG mic's, also 3 akg wms40 mini2 wireless guitar/bass recievers and transmitters. they were shipped to me in a very short time each time i ordered, idid have trouble with one akg70 mic,however with ZZounds 30 day return policy i was able to return the mic with no problem. all are working fine!!!                
not that excited as I thought I would be... a lot of gap in signal dropping off...                
I purchased these mics after looking a lot of reviews. Was debating on whether to go with the Shure wireless or this one. I am so glad I opted for the AKG instead of spending twice the money on the Shure. These mics have plenty of range and sound great! I now have played several gigs using them and can't think of one complaint. Very happy!                
We were looking for a wireless mic, low cost, for our church to use primarily for prayer requests and announcements. We bought the AKG WMS40 and figured we might use the second mic once in awhile. This product does all we need and more! Highly recommend this and buying from zZounds received 2 days after I placed order!                
My wife and I run a karaoke show here in .Ca. We have had several different brands of cordless. From Sure to Sampson. None have earned the praise from our singers like these mic's. Great vocals with pure sound. Very happy with my purchase from zZounds. It was delivered in no time and exactly what we wanted.                
This wireless microphone set performs very well for the price. No hassles whatsoever to simply plug and go. Sound quality if more than acceptable. Two negatives: 1- these do not come with stand clips, so you will have to purchase separately. 2- I ordered separately an AKG rackmount kit to mount this in my travel rack, however that kit is apparently for some European rack standard, and does not fit U.S. type 19" EIA centers. I had to cut, drill and tap a 1U blank plate to finish my install.That said, you will have some really nice quality mics that use off-the-shelf AA batteries (long-lasting) for your wireless requirement.                
When searching for an affordable wireless mic system  we only looks to AKG and Zzounds. Really impressed the singers with the great sound and light weight. Originally purchased two units and had signal issues but Zzounds was there and returned one unit for full credit for a similar set with different frequency. Any online shopping for sound equipment is done here at Zzounds!                
Received the microphones in time for a Christmas church social; they were easy to connect and use with my Bose L1 Compacts and Tone Match Engine. We had roving MC's who mingled with the audience and the mikes picked up all over the venue. Great value!                
These mics are very very professional and hold up awesome!! SOUND AMAZING!                
The system is a good system, but it does some static interference when you are moving from place to place, the sound is good quality, but the static noise is not acceptable in the professional work.
The mini box did not meet my exportations.
Other no good thing is the two steps swich,if you put it in off a horrible static noise will come on from the box, and already blow one channel of our mixer amp that we have to fix now.
I love AKG wireless but im very concerned about the state of wireless mics with the new federal rules for the frequency range. The mics that came in were cool, but given the mics I already have, plus the way our building is designed I found that they really didn't work like I wanted. I'm pretty sure that the mics were fine, just needed to have the higher quality ones. These mics should work well for well insulated, non-metal roofs with uncrowded frequencies.                
Overall, the mics are of a decent quality.  I wished that they would have XLR outs.  The other issue is that when the receiver is on and you turn off the mic (not mute, but completely off) there's lots of static.  However, when the mic is on, the transmission is clear.                
When I would turn these off, instead of the receiver muting (as my other units do), it sent LOUD white noise.  Also, during a event, a wedding officiant was about 30 feet from the receiver and static keep interfering.  It was embarrassing.  Sent them back.  Will be looking into the AKG Perception series or back to Shure.                
Wasn't expecting a whole lot for the price but this little unit works quite well and is quiet too. I needed this for my home studio setup but I believe it would work fine for gigging too. Zsounds delivered it very fast and the ordering and communications was first class all the way. Profesional 30 year guitar studio muscian. I will put zZsounds first on my list for my musical needs. Have not needed any support so far KUDOS too zZsounds and AKG for making a sweet little unit.                
I just received my Mini as an early Christmas gift, GREAT DEAL!!!! Your not going to be able to walk 2 football fields with this thing, and I never do anyway and I gig 3 to 4 times a month.Have not heard any fuzz or static or tone sucker with this thing, ITS WELL WORTH IT!!!!                
Great little unit! I also purchased the rack kit for it. I out it in the top space of my rack, so the antennae extends above the rack for the best reception. Then the antennae is on a swivel so I just put it down when I close the rack up. I play bass in a weekend band. I have used this wireless for 3 gigs now with no trouble or dropouts whatsoever. I'm nit sure about the "30 hour" battery life though. I used it for 2 4 hour gigs, then it sat for a month, in the off position, and when I got to the next gig, the battery died as I was tuning for the gig, so carry some extra batteries with you. I think I am going to order the dual wireless mic system next for the pa system I am building mainly for rehearsals. I am totally satisfied though, and for 100 bucks you can't beat it!                
We bought 2 of these for both guitar players in our band and they work very nicely.
No drop outs at all no matter where you are in the venue, I tried them out before we ever used them live and I could go outside and 50 feet away with the unit in my basement and no signal loss at all. Battery life is unbelievable as well. I used the same battery for 4 gigs and I check it with my VOM before each show and it had a full charge. The only problem is the cable that comes with the unit. Both of them had an issue after the 1st use so we ordered 2 Mogami replacement cables on line and they are way better and we have no issues now at all. For the price, ease of use and quality it is a no brainer. They work very well for us.                
Very nice device. I particularly like the 3-way (off, mute, and on) switch on the transmitter. Very handy receiver setup too. I have used it several times in performances, and it performed well. Remember, though; the transmitter has no automatic turn-off. I inadvertently left it on and trashed a battery. Fortunately, this is no big deal because it uses AAA, not 9V. Regarding my ratings - I have not idea what Manufacturer Support is like. The questionnaire did not give me an 'unknown' option, so I assigned it a 3.                
It works really good. I am pleased by the product, the fact that it sounds real close to using a cable, no delay no hiss just freedom to move and not trip. Transmitter is made of plastic and doesn't feel real strong but that it carefully and it should be fine, I put it in my back pocket or on the guitar strap.                
Fantastic!                
Absolutely the best wireless bass system I've ever used. The battery lasts about 30 hours, and I have no issues with cut outs anywhere in any clubs I play in.                
Researched a bunch of inexpensive wireless sets for use in my home studio and occasional gigs. Settled on the AKG WMS40 based on strong recommendations from other users. Ordered from ZZounds before 2 one day, and had it the next day (ground shipped; not express)! Amazing service. Unit is "as advertised", absolutely plug and play; no clicks, hum, dropouts to report so far. No change in guitar or bass tone from a wired connection as far as I can hear. Very impressive and liberating! Encourage your inner rock star and buy this thing!                
Actually "plug & play" (no hype!); This is a ridiculously inexpensive way to go wireless.Works as advertised; No fidelity loss experienced between guitar and pedalboard so far for me.. Send unit (guitar side) probably a bit too delicate for long term professional use, but very adequate if care is taken. Belt clip is very flimsy and user would probably be better off just dropping the unit in your pocket instead of clip mounting. Battery life (1 X AA) is very good and range for me is good up to about 35' away from receiver. Very liberating!! Buy one now!!                
By no means do I hold this against zZounds but the saying you get what you pay for is true, this thing had so much noise it drove me nuts the first 5 minutes sent it back zZounds refunded me with no questions asked                
i love this wireless it is inexpensive but it has great sound and is stupily reliable even after many drunk drops lol                
useful is you turn it on and voila it just works no putzing around with it                
they sound great buy one or two                
it is made very well the reciever box is well made and is metal and the handset is pretty durable                
definatly worth the money                 
never needed it                
i work in bar settings with drunk karaoke people and if they drop these they stand up and are cheap enough if they do get inviscerated its not a 400.00 mic lol                
ill use these till they die and would definatly buy more                
Have purchased three of these mics for our church for use in our childrens and teen ministries. Have used them all for a couple years now. These mics are moved and hooked up to different mixers constantly for different activities and functions. They've withstood a lot of abuse. I think they have a very good sound and I like the placement of on/off switch on the side of the body f the mic way better than other mics that place a tiny switch on the bottom. The low price caused me to try out these mics. Since they get used inside and outside and in a gym and in a classroom - I don't worry as much about them getting dropped and such as I would a $300-500 mic.My one big complaint - lots of handling noise. When mic is on - you will hear all hand movement on the mic. For this reason, I've never been tempted to use them in our auditorium during our church services. But the handling noise is something that I can easily put up with considering the price and how we use them. Never used manufacturer support, so I wouldn't know how that would go.                
This microphone is very reliable and powerfull. It makes real  reproduction your "own voice'. Half way volume u get more than enough power. It comes with universal power adaptor sothat u could take this anywhare in the world.Transmitor works with 1 aa battery. Small and light weight receiver for room saving and travel friendly. Foldable rubber antenna. Genuine look make you look professional                
My boss ( Who runs a DJ company with several DJ's ) had one of these Mics for me to use for weddings, so I bought one for the gigs I pickup on the side. The sound is Great and is better then wired mics by far. Just make sure you pick a quarter inch cable to plug it into your mixer. Easy set-up and Put away makes it a great purchase and mic for any mobile DJ/MC. Sounds Great! Even one of the ministers comented on the quality of the mic. Worth it!                 
You want a quality, clear sounding, affordable wireless mic? Then this is it right here!
I put this to the test within one week by doing two different venues, where on both occasions, I had to walk quite a distance away from the base and it passed with flying colors each time! I didn't hear one short out, no hissing or anything such. What I did hear was clear voices from me to the bridal party giving toast.
Honestly, for the price you pay for this mic, you can't go wrong! This is truly a great investment for anyone in need of a wireless mic! 
This is a great product. Looks good and feels good to handle. No unwanted noise,or hum being picked up, The sound is as good as my wired Shure mic.I can go from one to the other at the same board settings with no difference in the sound of my voice.Nice steel made ball cap.The body of the mic will pick up minor hand movement is my only fault found.                
Excellent!! Great range last long. Very clear.                
I have used this mic for a year with no problems. Then the static starts happening more and more over time. I changed the battery. I moved the receiver  closer to mic, I tried an extender... I did everything. This  mic did teach me a lot of wireless mic but as a wedding dj, You can afford static during the speeches. So I bought an off brand for $180 called GTD. It has over 400 positive reviews. I dont expect this wmsmini to be on zzounds for very much longer                
We needed a new wireless lavalier. The problem was we run sound only a few times a year, with non-sound guys doing the setup--and it is often needed outdoors, where there may be a long way from the mic to the sound table. The Presenter worked flawlessly from out of the box. Channel setup is easy; no one had any trouble operating the mic; and we had compliments on the sound quality all day long. The only problem we had was it was a very windy day, and we did get some wind noise. A lot of that is automatic with a mic sensitive enough to be a lavalier. We were able to reduce the noise considerably by tucking the mic inside a collar or under a lapel, and still had great sound. Love the product.                
This mic works great.  I use it for officiants at weddings and it works perfect.  I recommend this mic.                
works awesome it's out of the way and sounds great as I do back-up vocals while playing the drums!!                
Very clean and accurate for the price.                 
Small beltpack but large headset. Receiver doesn't have external antennas to get bent.                 
Simple set up.                 
Gave it a 5 since first one got really distorted sounding after 2 weeks.   Zzounds was great about replacing it.   I'll keep my fingers crossed on this one.                 
If it continues to work it's a great value.                 
The 10 goes to Zzounds for excellent customer support!                 
As couple of years.                 
This microphone is AMAZING for the price tag...It's hot as a firecracker & has unbelievable clarity......HIGHLY recommend this product, and will order another one ASAP!!                
Just got this awesome set today. Back like 20 years ago, I bought a Roland Stage set for like $2500 that had all rubber pads. It was a lot of fun. FF to today and this set is amazing. So much more for the dollar. I would put this set up against any $2000 mesh set I've seen / tried. Super high quality parts and pieces. Very easy to use.                 
I have owned a Roland TD9 with upgraded mesh heads before and mesh heads are the way to go which makes this set nice. The cymbals are very cheap looking and are not the best but for the price of the kit it is acceptable. It plays well and the sound is very good. In my opinion I would not go any cheaper when it comes to Alesis drums if you are somewhat serious about playing. Very nice looking set for the price.                
I purchased this kit as a replacement for the KT3 Advanced kit I had. I was skeptical about moving to mesh heads after only ever using mylar and rubber head kits before. I will say that the mesh heads on the DM10 are excellent. The rebound is nice and the overall feel of the heads is on par with all of the other electronic kits I have used. The sound is excellent and the rack is a lot heavier duty than the KT3 kit. Assembly of this kit, while not quick, was pretty straight forward. It assembles much like any other electronic kit out there. I had read some reviews of this kit before purchasing and saw others complaining that the instructions included were not good. While the instructions are short, they do cover the essentials. While this kit won't compete with the high-end Roland kits, you will get your money's worth. 
The drum module for this kit is superb! Alesis did an amazing job in designing the brain that controls this kit. The ability to customize each trigger and the sounds takes you to a level more granular than any I've ever used. 
If I had any reservations about this kit it would be the kick pad trigger. This pad doesn't give you a very sensitive touch. I recommend going with a little bit higher end kick pedal if you want to maximize the kick pad sound. It is as fully customize-able as the other triggers but the pedal will pick up what the trigger is lacking. 
All in all, with a good set of headphones, a nice throne and a decent kick pedal you will be able to rock out with your.....socks out.....for a long time to come with this kit. 
There is one additional small feature that Alesis added to the kit that even my 7 year old loves......each pre-set kit has its own color that lights a backlit led on one of the buttons. This makes it much easier to remember your favorite kit without having to remember the name or number of the kit on the display. Very nice, Alesis! Job well done in my opinion! 
I gave manufacturer support 4 stars only because I haven't had to use it yet. Everything has been superb about this kit thus far!                
There is no support for this kit and it's completely overlooked due to the strike series. The sounds that come with the module are lackluster at best. When adding sounds you should be fine until you try adding a custom hi hat. there's no way to make it both open and closed. so you either get only an open hi hat or a closed hi hat with custom sounds. The only upside is midi but tbh it's not worth it because drumming software is expensive af. My ride cymbal is also hardly responding and I got this kit mid February. I'm not abusive with my cymbals either, and yes my sensitivity is cranked. I don't recommend this kit. You're better off getting a command kit, selling the module and buying a different one, and replacing the cymbal pads. Or y'know, Strike Pro (I should've gotten that instead).                
It is a great kit for recording. Overall, most of the pre programmed kits are very realistic. The only issue is the kick drum. I had to lower my beaters (Below the center/middle) in order to get sound out of it. The trigger is too low. Other than that, I am pleased with the purchase. I found this kit for 799.00 and reported it to zZounds. They counter offered at 791.00 Great deal!                
I bought these because I needed a cheap pair of monitors for my desktop. They sound decent and I really like the tweeters compared to titanium ones because the highs are much smoother. These have a bass boost switch which I don't use because for near field monitors they have a balanced sound without it. Overall a good buy for the money.                
It could just be that I've started off mixing with headphones so now actual speaker playback is amazing lol but I have no complaints, for the pricing (esp. if its through the payment plan) you are getting great quality and sound I love them!                
The Alesis Elevate 5 MKII speakers are an outstanding value. I got two pairs and run all 4 at the same time on a Focusrite Clarett. The speakers are set full volume for ease of use, there's zero hiss or distortion. The music is an electric guitar through vst, and about 25 vst keyboards. There's more separation using various distortion pedals, reverbs, chorus'. At first there were some problems, but normal for my kind of luck. One pair the brown shipping box said Power Configuration US, but the retail package said UK, and the power cord did not fit the speaker. Got a quick no problem replacement. The other pair had something broken inside that was loose. Removing the back I found a 1/4" hard piece of plastic adhesive, that was once attached to the side of a interior wire socket. And the other thing is the woofer measures 4.25" edge to edge of the exposed area. The tweeter is 1". What I like is the volume levels match. I don't mix or produce, and these seem perfectly fine and can handle anything I give it. The Bass Boost switch is very useful and a sub is not needed. The audio spectrum is balanced. It was either these or spend $1000 more for monitors with a reputation.                
I just recently got into home digital recording.  have a Behringer Eurorack UB802, which is a very good mixer, but I also wanted a small mixer with effects to use as a personal PA  I was also looking for one with usb to go into a computer easly . I got this mixer and I'm very impressed with it. The effects work great on it. It has a very smooth sound . I hope to get some great recordings from this . I would highly recommend this to anybody looking for good high quality sound, with a low price.                
I bought this mixer to add karaoke to my list of services. It works great with the Samson r21s that i also got here at zZounds. Also got the Nady duos and the sound a little lower in volume but overall it works for many things like live sound and recording without a problem.                 
Nice size with several input options. Easy setup. Controls are easy to use. One drawback; the included software would not work with my laptop, because it is a 
Vista OS. However, another music software program previously installed, worked
well with the mixer without any trouble setting up.                
Its a wonderful little mixer...but it is not good for recording via usb. when you try and record while the playback is playing it will record the play back on to the input track along with your voice... in other words... IT CANT SPLIT THE IN AND OUT GOING SOUND LIKE AN INTERFACE SHOULD...FREAKING FALSE ADVERTISEMENT!!!!!!However, as a mixer the channels are very clean and easy to use... the 2 band eq works just fine and the head phone monitoring has its own knob which is lovely and very useful!                
I bought a Chapman Stick with a MIDI interface but I didn't want to jump into a full rig with a bass amp, guitar amp and synth amp until I felt like I was getting a grip on playing an instrument that's new to me. The Alesis MultiMix 8 USB FX Mixer was a great, inexpensive alternative to a set of amps.It's also nice because I can add a little chorus or reverb and control the gain on the pickups to get a little distortion like a guitar amp. With the mixer I can run both channels of the Stick in along with the synth's stereo output plus I can stream music to play along with from my Mac and mix it all perfectly into a pair of headphones. I think any family will appreciate practicing with headphones. It's been a great little practice rig.                
The price was a little less than other sellers for the same product , the shipping was free , it was processed and shipped very quickly , packaged securely and arrived in perfect condition ! What more can You ask of an online seller ! I can't speak to any form of service repair because I haven't needed to use that part of zZounds !I did call and speak to a Sales Rep to ask a couple questions about proper setup and the Rep walked me thru it perfectly! Very professional ! Thanks zZounds.com                
Great piece of equipment for the price especially. I use it with my Aleses DM 10 Studio Drumset for studio and live action. Does everything I was looking for and more.                
Does not have MIDI IN/OUT.  16 bit not 32 bit, if such things matter to you. If you know what you want- this is great. I would rather mix with hardware than software, so this was for me. You can get a MIDI port with no mixing or fx for about the same price. Just know what you want. The on board reverbs and other fx are very nice, smooth as butter. 2T ins/outs useful, if you do not want to fuss with USB recording. This unit is quite compact, which I like- does not take up my desktop. Useful for all sorts of home studio projects, and just perfect for recording with 2 mics. The first 2 channels have sweepable EQ (you can get several different tones just by twisting knobs) and inserts where you can put stereo insert cables in and send them to your stereo compressor (Alesis 3630). This unit has exactly what i wanted at a great price. The included software Cubase LE 5 seems really great and has tons of bells and whistles. The product registration with Steinberg was tediously long, but instructions were clear and simple.  Tech support is through Alesis. IMPORTANT: You have to open a new Cubase project to find manuals for software under help menu.                
If you look at the specs it doesn't say whether the mixer's in/out are -10 or +4, even on the Alesis website.  I had assumed it would be a +4 system to interface with most pro equipment.  Wrong!  It's a -10 system which means it will not drive any pro powered speaker (unless they have a -10 switch).  It also means that any +4 pres will easily overwhelm the inputs.
Considering that they put a semi-parametric EQ one would think that the intended use is somewhat for the serious amateur or pro needing a small format, portable mixer therefore, it confuses me why they would then use -10 for Ins/Outs - I had to sell mine because it wouldn't drive my speakers and couldn't interface with any of my gear.  
Only after emailing Alesis more than once was I be able to pry the information from the customer service rep.  Very deceiving.  It should be plainly stated in the specs, IMO.                
This mixer is a good one!!!
I  ONLY USED SOME OF IT SO FAR !!!
ITS AN EXCELLENT  MIXER FOR THE PRICE!!!
THANKYOU  zZounds FOR THE GREAT SERVICE.                
I did my research before buying this kit and I got to test it out at guitar center. For the price you can’t beat it mesh heads you can always change the kick towe later down the road, you can add another Tom or cymbal. If your using this kit for practice I would recommend this kit or for the studio you can always download sounds online. But it took me 30 minutes to setup easy to setup. This kit is great for learning new chips playing along tracks or if you just wanna jam. I tweak some of the sounds I didn’t like which is very easy. I love the mesh pads I can practice as late as I want at night without disturbing the peace. Make sure you have good studio monitors or Drum monitor and good 1/4 cable. I love this thing doesn’t take up too much room I would recommend this to anyone who wants to practice or have fun! This kit is with the money I almost spent 900 on a Roland but this work just fine. Don’t hesitate to get this it’s worth the money                
Sound is fine. Speakers are what they are. at lower volumes they sound decent. Biggest improvement to the sound was to use a non powered mixer in front of this with decent pre-amps. Behringer has some decent options from 80-100 that really make this a much more viable option for practice.                
Nice that is has FX even if they aren't great. SD card reader? Don't know what's that's in there at all. but headphone jack and other audio outs come in handy from time to time. Dual XLR-1/4 is nice.                
Plug and play man. Can't really screw it up.                 
Lower grade electronics of course but you get what you pay for. speakers and head seem to be built like bricks. 
The speaker cables that come with it are actually shielded which was a surprise. Other ones i've seen have the chinciest cables.                
Yes.                
Never had to deal with Alesis.                
Would double as an okay monitor set up off a bigger system for small gigs if you needed it to.                
Is it a fancy PA system? Could you actually use this to gig with a full band? Not really
That being said though it works great for what it is. 4 channels, FX aren't anything to get excited but sounds better than a dry signal. Like 80 watts RMS but to use in your basement to practice and only running vocals or a keyboard/acoustic through it? Works great!
I threw a cheap $99 8 channel mixer in front of it using the head as just an amp and it actually works pretty well for practice.                
I bought this PA system the price was right at the time, and thought that it would be fine. However it was not enough power and the fan inside makes a lot of noise. No fault of zZounds but this is just sub-par equipment DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS, spend a little more and get something much better. I have shopped zZounds for almost a year everything else I have bought has been great. It's just this brand...                 
Out of the box these work very well with the dm8.  Setup is simple.  The range between open and close is much better than any other that i have played.  The biggest downside to this is the top pad which is just too loud.  I replaced the top pad with a roland cy12 and now it is quiet and triggers great.  I use the atv ad5 module and it works perfectly.                
I was so excited when I saw these getting ready to come out. I thought for sure that Alesis had put together a unit that would make the other hi-hat look bad. Like so many others, I spent hours tweeking my settings and I'm afraid that It just isn't what I had hoped. I have been salivating over the Zildjian Gen 16s, but they are very expensive. I had really hoped that this cymbal would at least be good enough to stave off the desire to put out that kind of money. now I only want the Zildjians even more. I cant get this new hi-hat to be even as good as the old "Realhat" I am just so sad that it makes me a little sick to my stomach.                
First, I want to say that THIS REVIEW IS IN NO WAY OUT TO HURT ZOUNDS AT ALL...... And I am an owner of an Alesis DMX 10 SET!!! Sooo......The other reviews give a "REAL WORLD" look at a new Alesis product. However, it looks like Alesis did the same thing that they did with the original ADAT, and that was to put it out into the "market place" ( probably because the sales dept. overrode the R & D dept., who knows that the hi-hat is not 100% ready to go ) before ALL THE BUGS were worked out. Not too mention that, if Alesis wants to be competitive they need to make a more realistic set of cymbals, if need be, make them similar to Zildjian's E-Cymbals, which mimics real cymbals anyway, which is what drummers want in the first place, ya know the abundance of sounds that an E-drumming system has/is and that looks like real drums!                   
I bought this to work with my DM8. It does pretty much everything I expected it to and is of similar quality to the rest of my DM8 kit. The instructions for how to set it up were specific to the DM10. So setting it up took a little bit of thinking as to which wires go where. You have to use the wires from the DM8's octopus cable and not the cables it comes with and tells you to use in the instruction. Once it was set up I was very happy with the playability.                
These cymbals did not work at all correctly. Spent several hours trying to get them to work and subsequently accidentally wiped all my custom kits. Very disappointed indeed.                
I had previously used my Yamaha P35 electric keyboard to connect with PreSonus Studio One 3. It had not released the notes like expected. As soon as I hooked this up to my system, which now also has Ableton Live 9 Intro, I had no contradictions with the attack and release that I had expected with my music. The modulation wheel allows me to shape the sound if needed so it's just right.                
I'm new as a drummer to the electronic aspect of percussion. I was looking for a machine that was under the $600-$700 price tag but gave me basic functionality in terms of the types of sounds percussion/basic drum set that sounded good and gave good response from the pads. This unit exceeds that expectation and then some. I expect as I get deeper into the machine I'll discover more uses for it and hopefully it will continue to exceed expectations at $299 for the unit.                
This unit has been exactly what i need in function and form. 3 months old and no issues. Easy to use and a treat to play.                 
The price and feature set looked good but from the moment I unpacked it build quality became a concern. I probably could have been happy until needing to upgrade, but cross talk between pads was so bad (especially the top two) that I couldn't imagine using the Sample Pad Pro in a performance. It might work fine for a simple trigger device.
The power switch is very light weight and doesn't have a solid on/off action.You have to hold it in for an undetermined period before it powers up. No mention of this in the very sparse, but translation rich, manual.
ZZzounds has been outstanding to work with on the return. Replaced it with the DTX Multii12 whhich, even at almost twice the price, looks like it will be a much better value.                 
It was a fun product while it lasted, but at a price point of $299 I expected it would last longer than one year. When I reached out to Alesis, their customer service member told me to just pay someone to get it fixed since it had just passed their one-year-warranty.                
I waited over a year to purchase this unit. I previously owned a Percussion Pad and it was a durable unit with great stock sounds. I expected the same quality with the Sample Pad Pro. What a disappointment. The Software started wigging out almost Immediately and the unit went out completely after about an hour. Same with the second unit. Very Unsatisfied. If you want a good working unit try an Octopad.                
This pad is easy to use and program, but it doesn't turn off and sometimes wont turn on. I am not happy with this.                
I was seriously surprised at : A) how easy this machine is to use and, B.) the quality of the drum sounds. You can tell that these are REAL drum sounds and not computerized beats. I am blown away by how inexpensive this machine is for the quality and ease that it offers. Alesis really is an awesome company. Would definitely recommend.This was my first purchase with zZounds and I look forward to shopping here again. Easy ordering and fast, free shipping.                
I can't believe they still make this. I bought my first one in 1990 at a NAMM expo shortly before it was actually released. Still pretty powerful creation tool. I connect mine via midi to my roland vdrum set and record my own real time patterns, then trigger them with my feet while playing guitar.  The quality does not appear to have changed any from 25 years ago, except for the walwart adapter is slightly smaller. You really need to read the manual and use the foot pedals to open up the true power of this machine.  Cheapest its ever been too.  How many drummers does it take to change a light bulb? None, we have machines for that now.                
Once I became comfortable tooling around with the panning and velocity, I loved it. A great alternative for someone who can't bang the crap out of drums in the house. Not that spectacular for techno-esque sounds.                
No intrinsic accessories, wall wart notwithstanding. The glare on the display can be a hassle. Backlighting would have been great. I probably would have payed thirty dollars more for a backlit display. The MIDI functionality is great but underrated. It does everything and more than my sequencer(on my computer; not built in one) can handle. i.e., my sequencer won't accept MIDI Time messages. boo hoo.                
Entirely plastic. I would not recommend dropping it. As if you were going to try that anyway?? While the jog wheel - well, it's just a volume control - works just fine, it feels off; slightly scratchy or something. 'Can't explain, really.                
Excellent bang(look at that pun go) for buck ratio.                 
'Haven't had to use Alesis' support but the manual documentation is FANTASTIC. Great attention was made to ensure every little aspect of operation is easy to understand. If you don't know what quantization or panning is, you will shortly after opening the manual. They even explain time signatures!!                
Umm, I bought it. It has no "sex appeal", though. It's just an unassuming black box.                
I don't think I'll ever replace it. Yes, there are other, more feature-rich drum machines out there. Those, however, have just added things I can do on my computer's sequencer.                 
This little machine has helped my songwriting tremendously. I just pick a pre-set beat and let that act as a prompt to start strumming and riffing new ideas. I haven't quite mastered creating my own beats yet, but I'm sure that'll come with a little practice and a little patience reading the instructions (don't let this scare you, though -- anyone who knows me knows I'm infamously bad with electronics/technology!). I'm now just waiting for my footswitches (sold separately) so that I can turn it off/on and switch beats with my feet. My only real complaint is not about the machine, but about the zzounds customer service. They mistakenly charged me for and sent me two of these machines when I'd only ordered one. I called up customer service to see how I could return one and get my money back. They gave me instructions, but when I asked if I would be reimbursed for the return shipping, the answer was roughly, "That's not usually our policy since we find that mistakes like this are usually not our fault. But let me check to see what happened." After the representative discovered that it actually WAS THEIR FAULT, he then had the returns department send me a return label, free of charge. So, all is well now, but I did not like the customer service representative implying that I'd done something wrong when I was looking right at my sales invoice saying I'd only bought one!                
The sound is exceptional for a biginner like me. I was delighted on how easy it was to pick up and play right out of the box. Beginner or pro this is a mchince to reckon with. I was never able to express exactly what it was I was trying to come across until I picked this up.                
the sounds are CD quality sounds and great at that. The manual was clear and not difficult to understand. There are two seperate manulas for this product. One was the thurough manual and the "hurry up and play" manual. that was great cuase thats what got me jammin right out of the box!                
The product to my expectaitons was made wiht no flaws. Drum pads and innerface are in perfect working condition and the touch sensitive pasd are still all in perfect working order. I would use this product for many years to come. My motto is..if it ain't broek don't fix it.                
I am a first time buy and new to the recording scene. But as I looked through the online catolog I was amazed at how inexpensive this product was wiht what it had to offer. I thought maybe it was too true to believe til I recieved it. The price of this product was reasonable.                
The balc sleek design of this drumpad was beautiful right out of the box. The compact design was exceptional due to placing it in confined spaces. The rubber of the pads were great. All in all I was amazed at it's look.                
This pad is the main center for my expression. I would not change it for anything. Sure there are other products out there wiht other features and they may be good. But this product does the job and rises beyond my expectations for what it does. I am truly happy wiht this purchase.                
Whole lotta presence! Brings a song to life.                
More than I expected and it makes me feel like I own a real piece. People say the fill feature is unique.                
The quality of the sounds exceeded my expectation. The interface feels sturdy.                
If only all pro-level gear was as reasonably priced as this is.                
Never needed to talk to Alesis. I expect a company that puts as much care in their products as Alesis did with the SR-16 to provide a similar level of care to their customers.                
It looks pro and doesn't waste space                
It sounds great, plays exactly the way I want it to, it doesn't speed up or slow down, it never plays too freekin' loud, it has no substance abuse problems, it's never late for a gig, and I only had to pay it once. The only two things that I don't like about it are, the factory preset rhythms, and like most other drummers it won't help carry band equipment.                  
It would have nice if it came with a foot pedal, but, the price of the unit was so inexpensive that you can afford to buy one. It could also use a light in the screen for live gigs.                
It seems to be well made, I haven't had any problems with it yet.                
It's well worth the money, in fact when I have some extra money I'm going to buy a spare.                
It's great, I'll be buying another one for a spare.                
ok ok - so it's not a back-lit display, display is digital block

but cmon, the thing is almost 20 years old now, no design changes

since, I've bought a Korg module, and now have been using/learning my new NI Maschine

the Alesis swing values, pad response, still the best of any device I've used, tinkered with... seriously!

awesome pad response and sensitivity, even still now on mine which is the 1996 model

sure the sound library is probably easy to consider pretty lame by today's standards - but so what - it's the same library they've had for almost 20 years, and still a lot of the sounds have nice punch, and probably a lot of retro-wantability even now - check out the rap kicks, some of the punch basses, rim snares - all pretty sweet

I'm still going to hook this baby back up into my MIDI setup to use as my primary                
for the price, for durability, for ease, simplicity, sounds, MIDI = awesome

one thing that really sucks is the cut-off/sustain: the note will not sustain

it is designed for drum sustain

it will not sustain a tone for very long, for much longer than maybe                 
big drawback is the lack of visual interface - especially when stringing patterns together - but it's a 15+ year old design

so I just say kudos for keeping the original design and not putting lipstick on a horse                
solid

great pads even after 15 years of use                
$150 falls out of the pockets of a Korg and it doesn't even notice - pick it up and buy one of these too

$150 is sales tax on a DAW - save up another week and get one of these too                
never had to contact tech support

no problems with the device whatsoever aside from my own mess-up losing the original power wall-wart, which I just replaced at Radio Shack... no biggie                
"technological marvel"? ;)

it is nothing compared to today's gear, technologically - but that's because it has the same technology it has had for 15+ years

if one were to have a laptop DAW MIDI setup, this little device should be a must-have for off-board MIDI triggering

you're at the coffee house doing some laptop sequencing, earbuds on= boring

you're at the coffee house doing some laptop sequencing with earbuds, and this easy backpack-stow-er next to your laptop for triggering= sexy                
This device can not be replaced at this point as far as I am concerned - if this unit melts from nuclear blast or explodes from a solar gamma burst (the only things I could imagine causing any harm to this brick) I would definitely replace it, maybe with a couple of them just to have a spare or two after the global socio-economic turmoil resulting from an earth melting gamma burst, or nuclear holocaust...

...and then I would go in search for food and survivors.                
We did a demo with one of these as we were having drummer problems. Most people that heard the demo remarked "how good" the drums sounded..and "What kind of kit did you use"! Most companies that make drum machines seem to forget that SOUND is the most important thing, not bells and whistles...Alesis realized this long ago which is why the machine is still selling today.                
Pretty Versatile for a 12 yr old machine. all that is missing is the 'flam' and 'roll' as found in the Boss machines                
12 yrs and only one problem..a dirty Volume pot, which is my own fault..otherwise..flawless                
You CAN'T do better                
never needed them                
got one                
once again...You CAN'T do better                
Possibly the easiest to use, musician friendly drum machine ever made. A ticket to ride for the songwriter. With (highly recommended) A/B and Fill foot pedals connected, Boss makes them among others, become a one man band. You won't be the first or the last to do so. I use all kinds of software and plug-ins these days, but this was my first and continues to be there for me. There is something magical about just hooking this up anywhere, padding out quick beats and fills, and launching into ideas anywhere anytime when minus a drummer. In terms of solid simple time and timing, it can be better than some drummers (sorry drummer pals, but you know this is no replacement for you good ones.) The samples are good enough/basic per modern standards, and becoming electronic classics as re-sampled here and there. You will probably recognize from rap, hip hop, pop, electronic music both new and old. It's easy to connect MIDI and run more modern/high quality samples from the software/plugin/module of your choice. The SR-16 has quickly and easily propelled me from messing around with a couple parts to completed polished songs that I do live with a band more times that I can count. A flexible, easy to integrate with modern, trusted, reliable, consistent, fun, electronic percussive friend.                
The Samples are diverse and clean. Easily the most 'natural' sounding drum machine I have ever used. Create a song with your patterns, choose a kit then add some outboard compression and the SR-16 sounds like a real drummer.                 
They've covered just about everything, In Depth MIDI functionality, and "human" functions like swing, pad sensitivity etc. allow you to mimic a live drummer like no other machine. The only thing I would add would be 'flam' and 'roll' buttons , like the Boss DR-660 has.                
Can't be beat for the price                
Hands down, the class of the group                
Have not had to contact Alesis for support even once                
Already have it!!!! ;)                
By far the best in its class (Until Behringer decides to make a drum machine, that is!!)                
Great for playing live. A great tip is to use the pitch control when programming a sound. You can make your machine sound "Just like the record".                
The volume pod seems to make noise after a few years of playing but well worth the money.                
It's paid for itself many times over.                
Never needed it
                
Can't live without it                
Great for playing live. A great tip is to use the pitch control when programming a sound. You can make your machine sound "Just like the record".                
The volume pod seems to make noise after a few years of playing but well worth the money.                
It's paid for itself many times over.                
Never needed it
                
Can't live without it                
The sound is great. Just like you had a live drummer with you.                
You need two foot switches. One for on/off and one for fill. Why in the world didn't they put one or two 3/4 time patterns on the preset patterns.                 
It is very easy to get the preset patterns playing. The manual is impossible to follow!! Just try to follow it when you want to record your own 3/4 patterns! Get to page six and you can go no further to set your pattern. It goes back to preset patterns.                
It is made of plastic, so you better handle it with care. There should be a face that lights up so you can see what you are setting it up to when there is no light to shine on the face!!                
It is well worth the price if you can set up your own patterns too.                
I think that the one I bought was defective. I E-Mailed them for information. Two days later I had to E-Mail them again. They answered: Read page 59. I read page 59. I started on page ten of the manual to set up a 3/4 time pattern. Two pages later it went back to preset patterns and I could go no further. I E-Mailed them about four more times and have never gotten an answer from them. I will never buy a Alesis product again!!!                
A practical addition.                
If I lost it I would buy from another company.                
The sounds are dated, but can be tweaked with EQ and compression.

Very easy to learn, and a valuable tool in the studio, when there's no drummer around.                
I bought two pedals, one for start, and stop, and one for fills, only needed for live playing though.                
It's a breeze!                
I've had mine for 12 years, and it works great.                
150 bucks os a steal for what this thing can give you.                
I emailed Alesis for a tutorial CD, and got one free a week later.                
The looks just aren't impressive, but who cares!                
I recorded an entire CD (my first ever) using the SR, and I can't imagine not having one in the studio, if this one broke, I'd buy another.                
Sound is aight... I bought this when it was still new in like 1990 and it was cool, but there are to many things out there now I would not buy this now unless you want oldschool drum samples in your traks

you could make a drum beat that sounds like it belaongs in a Beverly hills cop movie no prob                
Only 233 drums .... nowadays thats bad... quantinizing is very good though                
If you cant figure this out stop EVEN TRYING to make music... this drum machine crazily easy to use beacuse its so plain and simple                
Never broke on me in like 15 yrs. and i still use it from time to time beacause i like the way the Hi-hats sound                
price says it all                
I give it a ten with the benifit of the doubt i never used support and i said if you need them to figure out how to use this drum machine QUIT NOW                
nowadays... save money buy a real powerhouse production station you'll thank me                 
I give this a 9 beacause all these years and i still enjoy qualities of this machine... the price is crazy low and the drum sounds on it are pretty good especially if you consider this was developed in the 80s.... this drum machine is awesome i just think 2006 offers some thing, equipment wise, that this little soldier just cannot compete with, but when i bought it years ago it was $220.00 now it is around $150.00 that says alot about this little sucka                
it good but needs a little more memory                
i like the foot pedals                
It is easy and fun to use                
it has good Quality                
It good but i wish you could have more patterns in a song                
tHE SUPPORT WAS Friendy                
If it was about looks i would have bought a different one. it looked to much like a calculater                
I Like it                
This machine is an absolute standard. Great for beginners to the drum machine programming world. There might be better sounds out there on the variety of products available, but none come close to ease of use, ease of program, and flexibility.                 
Fill A/B and Verse A/B can be used in many combinations, with a footswitch it is more logical than any Boss products. Tune, pan, virtual drum feature is neat.                
I have dropped, soaked, taken it apart to clean, violoated almost every warranty and misuse issue, put it back together...no problems ever.                
At this price, I have two now...no brainer.                
Have not had to...it's mint.                
This thing is great.                
The kits are dead on, has mulitudes of percussion                
I use this for live performance, I love the A/B fills option.  It just like having a live drummer. You can loop and fill as long as you want.                
I currently use this unit live and for recording.  I has been a faithfull unit for the past 3 years.                
I paid a $180 bucks for my unit at guitar center, two years later they are selling them for $140.  I've seen them (used) on ebay for as low as $45.  They are a great unit, but I wish they would have put more factory preprogrammed patches in it and saved me a lot of programming.                
Havent need this one.                
Sounds great, easy to use. So many preprogrammed beats that I have never had to program my own so I can't speak to the ease of that. For the price it can't be beat. It has some very tastey beats. Love it!!!!                
The SR 18 by Alesis is great. I use it for a 1 man jazz organ trio gig. The sounds are realistic across the board and the unit is a breeze to use.                 
Some drum sounds are excellent, and sound similar to real drums, if that is what you wish to have. I have good high frequency hearing, and the 44.1K sample rate is not good enough to reproduce cymbal sounds accurately. It is CD quality, if that is good enough for you. Some of the drum sounds are better that the Zoom RT-223, but the Zoom has more control over the effects. The SR18 only offers a large range of preset effects; you cannot modify them in any way.

The SR18 probably has better drum presets, and they all have fills and A/B parts, but the SR18 song editing has a major flaw if you wish to use the bass track. I explain this in the features section.                
The SR18 software has major flaws.

When you assembly a Song from Patterns, you create a series of "steps" with each step playing one Pattern. You are not given an opportunity to specify either the number of bars for the step (it must be the length of the Pattern) or the bass root, or transposition, of the step.

This means your Patterns must already be transposed to exactly the right key, and they have to be exactly the right length. I wished to create a blues song quickly. Some blues patterns are great, but I could not assemble them into a song without first copying them into an empty user pattern and modifying the bass notes. In some cases I needed to change the length of the pattern, to shorten it. This is not explained in the manual but it is possible by setting the "recording settings" pattern length, and saving the pattern again. Once you shorten the pattern, you lose your fills... they are at the end, because a fill pattern is the same length as an A/B pattern.

The Zoom RT-223 does not have these problems. With the Zoom, you can specify the number of bars played for each step in a Song, as well as the bass key.                
It is easy to use if you mute the bass and use only the drums. It is good for live use, with the foot-switch controls.

For creating songs with bass tracks, it is hard to use, because of the problems specified in the features section. Also, step editing built-in patterns can be difficult. First you copy it to an empty user space. Then, you select a quantization and swing amount that matches the smallest time interval used in the pattern. How do you figure out the swing amount? You have to guess. Why is this important? When you go to the next "step" in the pattern, using step editing, it takes you forward in time by the quantization interval and the swing. If there is no event at that point in time, you cannot edit anything. If you skipped over an event, you cannot edit it.

Many built-in patterns do not use quantization, so the only practical way to edit them is to set the quantization to 96 parts per quarter note, and tediously step 96 times for each quarter note. This is crazy and indicates a poor software design.

The Zoom RT-223 does not suffer this problem. Step editing allows you to jump directly to the next event as it should.

Another problem with the SR-18 is you have to hit the pads with a small hammer to get the highest velocity setting. You really get only a few practical velocity variations if you use your fingers. It is as if the pads were for drumsticks.                
Excellent quality, except the jacks are plastic, not metal. It is made in Taiwan, not communist China. The only mechanical flaw is the wrong pads -- they seem to be for drumsticks, not fingers.                 
Excellent value for the sounds and patterns. Poor value for the software for editing songs, and for step editing patterns.                
I did not use support.                
Not very happy with the song editor and pattern step editor. I like the sounds however.                
The sounds are excellent quality.  The sound from the out's is powerful and clear, some cheesy drums included but its just a matter of taste i guess.  The bass feature is a bonus so im not gonna be too judgemental on that one but it gives you 3 ocataves(i think)of basses, some are pretty cool, some are blah.                
great sequencing, menus are easy once you read the book, comes with an ac adapter..  some people might take issue with the outs, all are 1/4 inchers and midi, but there's headphones, aux, left out right out etc, so there are a bunch.                
even with the limited LCD the machine is easy to use.  The documentation is very clearly written.  The limited display and interface only becomes an issue when step editing certain events in high step patterns.. no big deal, takes a little patience. Buttons/wheel feel great.                
the build of this thing is easily described: Solid.  Solid plastic, sturdy pads, wheel feels durable, no flex.  This thing doesnt feel at all hollow, it feels like thick plastic with a solid metal core.                
I think this is well worth the price most are selling it for, if it was msrp.. well still worth it, but harder to pull the trigger on it.                
Dont know anything about the support.                
this thing looks, sounds and feels great.                
I cant speak for others but this machine does what i want it to do and it does it very well, it's predecessor was widely sold/used from 1989 till today, this one might just do the same, alesis-sr20 in 2037?                
Sound quality is great. Although way too many cowbells and goofy snares in the programmed presets rendering most unusable without editing them. Programming really SUCKS. If it didn't sound this good, I would have returned it.                
Building your own patterns is a Must. Could BE A MUCH EASIER PROCESS. Programmed presets are not very compatible with  Rock/Metal compositions. Out of all the different patterns, not many are usable. Way too many obscure beats and the ones that are supposedly for Rock are either too generic or accented at the wrong beat. More relevant beats on my Digitech pedal than this drum machine. I've gotten many , many headaches from the programming process.                
I have wanted to punch a programmer in the face 101 times in the last 2 months. They could not have made this machine more user-unfriendly. I build computers , use various editing software, and program all my pedals to my taste so I do have some experience. Every single modification you make seems to be forgotten as soon as you try to navigate the clunky menu to save and edit and press more buttons than necessary to try and complete even the most simple task. A total IDIOT set this up throwing the Rock patterns all over the Menu in random spots instead of grouping the genres where I have to keep the pattern list handy because the fools had to throw patterns around the menu randomly for no apparent reason except to piss you off. Learning Curve? I would have thrown it out the window if I didn't NEED drums. Not a playable instrument with the tiny pads but they work fine for pattern construction.                
Seems very well built. Had good luck with Alesis in the past so I trust them.                
I should get half my money back with as many headaches as I've gotten programming and creating beats.                
Wish they had programmers that were musicians so they could figure out musicians don't want to waste so much time creating their own patterns. Photoshop and sign making software are easier to use than this device, and that's pathetic.                
I'll give it a 5 since I have it and still want it to produce drums for my songs. It sounds good, just didn't want programming a machine to take up my day I could have spent playing guitar.                
As soon as I find another product that sounds this good but is user-friendly to program I will buy it immediately. I am already looking but can't send back because I need it and that would put me too far behind.

I would buy something else if it was stolen.                
This drum machine is everything they claim it to be as far as sound quality, effects, available processes. The problem is, unless you are a studio tech. and can spend hours and hours working out a particular pieces, it is probably not your cup of tea. If you looking for something quick and easy to lay out a simple drum and bass line look somewhere else. For example the key of the bass line can be changed to play in the key of your choice, however, you must first figure out what key the preset bass line is in. To do this you need to use a second sound source such as a guitar or piano that you know the key of, listen by ear to both until you match the key of the bass line. Now you can change that key up or down to where you would like. With such a high tech device could it not have been much simpler to just show the key of the bass line on the display? For the advanced user this machine should not be disappointing in the least, but for the basic end user just wanting to add a quick bass and drum beat, it is much to complicated and not at all user friendly.                
1. MIDI synch does not work very well with Boss DR-5 midi controller
2. Patterns are erased when turning on and off (straight out of the box new)
3. Tom-Toms are not in order from high to low when scrolling through sounds
4. You have to press play and record at the same time to program patterns
5. Too many odd sounds that are not drums at all or even worth using
6. Too many unnecessary articulation set ups
7. Cymbals sound like a kids toy drum set
8. Pads and velocity does not change even when set to LOUD
9. Bass tones are not realistic
10.. SR -16 is much more straight forward                
The Alesis drum machine is great sounding and very easy to use, but it does fall a little short. The machine offers a large data base of sounds and rhythmms but the only one it doesnt offer is actually the one reason I bought a drum machine in the first place. The Cumbia rhtyhm is not installed in the machine, you can have someone install it for you or prgram it but it comes with a large fee.                
The sound is very good, a big improvement from my old drum machine. I'm not quite sure what to do with the bass sounds, however. Why couldn't they release a fake book chord chart of all the different sounds, so you know what the bass is playing? They certainly know... they programmed it! Why do I have to go through and write down what the key and chord progressions are? How time consuming and redundant!                 
It should come standard with pedal switches. Very few live performers wouldn't want them.                
This is (so far) a  BIG BIG disappointment. I waited 20 years to update my old Roland Compu0Rhythm CR-8000 (the one they used on Revenge of the Nerds!) and I have to tell you, that thing was SOO much easier to use performing live and off the cuff. 

1. The rotary dial should be a knob not a rotary dial. the fingers are good at twisting a knob, not so good at spinning in a circle without finger coming out of the little indentation in the knob.

2. You should NOT have to hold down the tempo button while spinning the dial to change tempo playing live. Either it takes two hands (how you gonna keep playing?) or you run a GREAT risk of having your thumb slip off the tempo button while spinning the dial, which means you just changed rhythm and tempo DRAMATICALLY right in the middle of a song, for Pete's sake. What were they thinking?

3. I know small is "cool" but for live playing all the buttons should be twice as big, even if that means making the total size bigger. With all the stuff going on/keyboards around me while I'm playing, the Alesis has to be 3 ft  away, and it is hard to hit the tiny buttons accurately, much less read the writing quickly and in a dark night club. Obviously, these guys are techno geeks, not real musicians who play live in the real world. 4. They should allow you to change preset rhythms without automatically jumping to a different tempo. They way they have it, I have to conform my pieces to the rigidity of the machine, rather than the machine conforming to the way I want to play a piece. I want a preset rhythm, then I can quickly with one hand twist a dial to the tempo I want. My CompuRhythm 8000 was MUCH better at this. If anyone knows a rhytym unit that will do what I want, please send me a Youtube message to channel "MayadaJeffery". thanks.                
I'm sure the quality is fine. I haven't had it out much yet, as I'm still figuring out if I'm even gonna be able to use it in a live, spontaeous gig situation.                
It certainly is inexpensive for the quality and quantity of sounds you get.                
unknown                
For a live performing, stage/club musician without a preconceived set list, it's a disaster.                
Out of the box and just jaming it has an incredible sound very close to a real drummer. However, I have to mute the bass and play bass with my left hand, chords (Hammond XK3) with my right and I sound like a 3 peace rocknroll group. Add a guitar player and it does sound like a real band. The fills are incredible.With that said, the bass lines that are pre-programmed are incredible, but they do not change in basic progressions. For example a basic blues or rock progression goes somethng like this 1-4-1-4-5 or a 1-6-4-5 (sears robuck changes) In any event, the bass player feature although incredible you are simply stuck with a 1 and 4. You can't complete the progression unless you mute out the bass. They have a fill feature A and B. They just needed to add C and change it if you want a 1-6-4-5 progression. Those are basic to rock and roll and could have been easily incorporated into the programming. I suspect a musician did not program this machine or he would have understood basic patterns.The machine can be used for a live proformance as long as the bass feature is muted and you have a real bass player or play left hand bass on keyboard. Those bass lines are not as good as the proprogrammed ones.As far as programming it to a "song" I have no idea what the hell they are talking about. Its written in techie language and not easy to do any of these functions.It would be nice to have a feature to stop abruptly (which you can with a foot switch) then press another foot switch for a different tempo and back to the original tempo. Its not happening with this machine.Its truly not user friendly but what is there sounds incredible for blues and rock. I would like to locate a drum machine that follows basic changes as described above.                
I have spent countless hours trying to figure out how to program just one song and I am still not there. The manual is a total waste. The bass plays one key I find no way to change it. Then how do you blend it with the drums and record and save it? The SR18 would be great if it worked.                
the sound is great. but try to put it to music lol good luck                
i dont know                
I may be stun. But i dont think so. good luck                
it is not made cheap                
i lost my shirt on this unit                
never tried to reach them                
this unit is not what i am looking for at all . I just wanted something that would keep a beat for me . while i played an old countrty western tune                
This review is after having my kit for a little over a week. This is my third alesis kit (DM8, DM10X, and now Alesis Strike). I'm very limited for space atm so I opted for the smaller package. The smaller Strike set is identical to the larger "Pro" set minus 2 cymbals and a tom - the brain/rack/etc seem to be identical. The Rack: Far superior to the (honestly) junk rack that came with my DM10X. The fittings are pretty cheap but they have been quite sturdy so far. It's not to the level of stability of a good Gibraltar rack with cast fittings but I am pretty hard on drums and have not had a single fitting/rack arm move.Drum Triggers: Insanely sensitive, so much that my snare will shotgun trigger on it's own if you turn the trigger threshold all the way down. There is a small dial on the side of each drum allowing you to adjust the sensitivity - I don't know why you would need these, setting the drum-dial to 50% I still had to adjust the module sensitivity for that trigger down to 10-15%. I will note that sensitivity was a HUGE issue on the older DM10X systems - I'm glad they resolved this.Cymbal Triggers: It's nice to see a two cymbal stack for the high-hats. Took some fiddling to get the pedal threshold where I wanted them but I'm more comfortable now. They do feel unnaturally thick though. Transitioning across edge/bow/bell on the ride feels fantastic - the ride cymbal is huge and is the most authentic sound/feel of all the cymbals. The crash cymbal is 2-zone with choke, and despite some tinkering, I still get the occasional bow triggering when I really wanted an edge trigger. Hats are two-zone too, in theory I thought I would love this but again it's been more of an issue than a benefit.Sound Module [Genera]l: First off - what speakers/headphones you use matters ALOT. I've only used my AT M50x so far, which are notably sensitive headphones, and noticed the headphone output is kinda noisy at full volume. Like the DM10 before, this module features volume sliders but thankfully the A/B bank system is gone (who's idea was that anyway??) and now every instrument has it's own slider. However, I have noticed that sometimes the internal volumes reset to some default value and I have to "jiggle" the slider to get it to re-register where the slider is located. The screen is full-color but it's worth noting the user interface design is pretty unsaturated and thus doesn't take full advantage of that. The screen is, however, very easy to ready. Sound Module [Sounds]: This is pretty important and I was honestly concerned based on what I heard of Texas Tim Root from NAMM. I'm not sure if they were using an older sound engine or if it's just the lack of dynamics in Tim's playing but I was much happier with the engine once I got to play it. Interestingly enough, some of the snares sound really good when playing accented rolls (something the DM10 was terrible at) and some just shotgun away - either way there are definitely some great sounding snares! I've noticed Alesis likes heavy and full-bottomed tom tones and I'm happy to oblidge - toms sound great and dynamic. All triggers have an A and B layer sound set (each with it's own volume/tone adjustment) which allows pretty impressive customization. The most pleasant surprise was the instrument customization interface and sound file-system. It's fantastic and beats the snot out of anything I have ever seen. Sounds engine is still not recording level but who records straight from a e-drum brain anyway?Sound Module [Accessories]: This Strike and Strike Pro use the same sound module - and for the Strike Pro all inputs are filled by the included triggers/pads. What is more interesting is the 8x 1/4" channel outputs (in addition to the LR mains outputs). I'm not sure the intended use of these outputs - midi recording is more suitable for studio work. The real application I could see is live applications so the FOH engineer has more mix-control, however, my experience with even larger clubs is they have limited 1/4" snakes. If the outputs were buffered XLRs - now that would make some engineers happy! Hooking the module up to my PC using the built-in USB was insanely easy and I was trigger EZDrummer in no time!Final Thoughts: Alesis has really stepped up the game this generation and fixed a great deal of the previous issues with the DM10. It's honestly not fare to compare the two. The rubbers across the board are better, the rim silencers on the DM10 pads barely lasted me a month.                
This seems to be a quality kit. I used to have some top of the line Roland V-Drums (circa 2008) and compared to those this Alesis kit seems to trigger much more reliably and predictably. Fantastic library of sounds available. Now I wish I had gotten the Pro kit, or I wish there was an expansion kit that would take this up to the Pro kit (one more pad, 2 more crash cymbals).                
Physically, the Strike kit is solid.  The box weighed a ton and each item appears well-built.  Fully set up, it definitely doesn't resemble many e-kits that look like toys.  The feel of the heads is also quite nice. Slightly more bouncy than real heads, but still nice.  
The main problems with this kit are two-fold.  First, the high-hat.  Getting consistent sound from it is difficult.  And forget about getting any sizzle.  It's a one-trick pony.  In addition, the "real" kit sounds from the module just don't sound real, notwithstanding the hundred plus sound options.  Updating to the latest firmware hasn't solved either problem.  I've also had difficulty getting the module to work with iOS GarageBand.  Alesis support says it "should" work, but there's significant latency and not all the instruments will trigger.  I purchased this kit specially for home recording, but thus far it hasn't been able to meet that basic requirement. 
Unfortunately, these short-comings leave me with an expensive paperweight.                  
The kick drum trigger completely cut out after one month, the crash trigger is at 65% reliability and the rubber material on the crash is getting warped and has air pockets on top of it. I dont know if I got a bad make and model of the kit but for 1700$ and their horrible warranty program, it's not worth the risk.                
So if you have done any research on this kit you'll have read about woes with the hihat. So first thing is update the module to v1.4, this has taken care of any of the issues I read about on mine. Get ready to give up a fair chunk of floor space. It is just like having a full acoustic kit set up. It took about an hour or so to set it all up ( not my first electronic kit ). Really simple to do and your ready to go....... Well almost. You will need a kick pedal, stool and hihat stand.So far this kit is outstanding, plenty of good (and some barely passable) kits on board the module. Or if your like me USB connection to my Mac and triggering EZ Drummer 2 ( choose DM10 for your default input kit).I have owned the TD25 and in my opinion for the money the Strike Pro can't be beat.                
Can’t believe the bass out of this sub. So clean and loud.                
Super sweet action.                
fantastic big sound, excellent plugged in or unplugged.                
super easy to sound great! Infinitely playable.                
Beautiful construction, workmanship.                
This is a bargain.                
no problems whatsoever.                
Everything about it is Wow!!                
I'm not a bass player, I'm a 6 string electric and acoustic player. I bought one of these for someone else, and it was totally incredible. It had faster action than some 6 string electrics, and had incredibly awesome tone, unplugged and plugged. I loved playing it, I have never been a fan of playing bass, but will undoubtedly get another one of these someday, for myself...                
I ordered this bass online because it was really the only option a bass player has for an acoustic or most electrics sadly. I received the first one the next day after I ordered it because I payed for overnight shipping. The bass arrived with a crack behind the bridge. Needless to say I was very disappointed. I immediately contacted Zzounds. They furnished the shipping label and promised me a replacement would ship out that day overnight to me. This was important because I needed the bass for an acoustic set we were doing that Sunday. The guitar did not ship that day. It shipped the next day and did not arrive till that Monday. I was disappointed. When the replacement did arrive it also had a crack behind the bridge but this crack was in the seam where they joined the two top pieces. I was livid, but this is where Zzounds showed how great a company they are. They reimbursed my Luthiers cost to repair it and discounted the bass. They are a great company and truly aren't happy until you are. I will continue to buy from Zzounds in the future. I would recommend all bass players buy their acoustic basses from Zzounds. The guitar will always need a setup from your local guys but you get such a better deal with Zzounds it's still a good deal. In summary a bass player will nearly always have to buy an acoustic version online because most all guitar stores cater to guitarists. It's just a fact, but bassists can buy from Zzounds with 100% peace of mind because they have your back and will always go the extra mile with customer service. So go ahead buy it. There's no excuse.                
I went to the music store, lined up all three acoustic/ electric basses and played each in a row a Fender(599.00), an Alvarez(459.00), a a Boulder Creek(899.00). Unplugged the Fender was loud, good action but buzzed just a bit more than I liked, very fixable. The Alvarez Loud, Good action, very playable, the Boulder Creek Good action, smooth, you need a hearing aide to hear it! I could have bought any of the three. The Alvarez price tag was the smallest. I went home with the Alvarez! I never plugged the Boulder in it could have been one mean mother plugged in but, I need strictly unplugged sorry BC!. I can't give ANY manufacturers support rating.I just bought this. I have no CLUE if they are good bad or indifferent.                
I have no idea why these aren't more expensive. Thunderous devil bass notes without getting muddy, easy to play given the size of the strings. This guitar is more responsive than my Gibsons and Martins, meaning that you can play whisper quiet, or pick harder and get LOUD with sustain that rings on and on. I do a solo act, and a baritone makes all the difference, nice and full sound. Look it up on YouTube, several demo vids there. I'll probably buy another just to keep open-tuned for slide work. 
I bought the Alvarez JC1 Case for it.  Good case, fits it perfectly, though I've heard some complain that the controls on the acoustic/electric version make it too tight of a fit. Could be. It's a snug fit (which I consider a plus), but might be too snug for the electric.    
Personally, I got the acoustic version because I much prefer the sound of an acoustic through a mic.                 
I really liked this guitar out of the box. The sound really rings out; the tone is great. I liked it so much that I looked into a higher end baritone, just to see what was out there, but found that this sounded better - straight up better - than one in the 2 thousand dollar range. That settled it for me.The fingering at both ends is a little tight, so I've made some small adjustments, but the sound really can't be touched, and now it plays like a dream. If you're interested, go find one to play, you'll fall in love.                
it took about 2 days for me to get used to this thing but once I got the beast under control it turned into a beautiful sounding and playing guitar.my only beef is the strings it came with. d'darrio coated are great if you never want that new string sound.. but i like the articulation of new phosphor bronze strings.Baritone string sets are limited so i'm searching for the right ones. ordered some La Bellas so we'll see. its not for everyone for sure.                
I decided on the ABT60E after looking at every Baritone acoustic I could find. It seemed to have all the features I wanted and the price was very reasonable. I was concerned that the specs on the zZounds website were not the same as the Alvarez website, which showed some up-dated features on this model that I wanted. (LR Baggs Pickup, 1 3/4" nut). I placed the order and was approved for the "pay as you play" financing, which really helps ease the burden of buying a new instrument. The guitar arrived in two days! Everything on the guitar was perfect out of the box! I was relieved see it did have all of the up-dated features as shown on Alvarez's website. The build quality on the guitar is outstanding for a guitar in this price range! The gloss finish on the solid Sitka top is flawless, the satin finish on the B/S is a smooth as can be. The bound neck and fret work are super-smooth, and set-up is perfect, nice and low with no fret out's or buzz. Neck angle is perfect, and the neck is straight. Intonation is spot-on! As for tone, it is very full and rich with lot's of low-end and mids. The size of the guitar is a bit daunting at first, and the 27.5" scale neck along with 16-70 baritone strings take some getting used to for sure! 
The ONLY complaint I have with this guitar is that I hear some buzzing inside the guitar on some of the low note overtones. I can't quite place where they are coming from, but I suspect the electronics. This is annoying but doesn't affect the amplified sound at all, just when played acoustically. I'll have to take it to my luthier to fix if I can't solve it myself. zZounds did a great job on this order! This is my second purchase from zZounds, and I am sure there will be more. I also ordered the Gator Jumbo Hardshell case zZounds recommended and had it shipped in it. ( I never ship an acoustic guitar without being in a hard case). The Gator case is very nice, good, tight fit and seems well made. Overall, I am very happy with this purchase and would highly recommend this ABT60E to anyone looking to add a little "depth" to their guitar bench for not a lot of money. I really had a hard time putting it down, it's a lot of fun to play!  This guitar is a great value! Thanks zZounds!                
Overall very happy with and pleasantly surprised by the fit and finish, tone, and playability of this instrument for this price point. I own many instruments including Martin JC40 and 000 guitars, a Taylor 514, several Tacomas, etc. and feel good about giving this instrument a positive review.                
Bought the ABT60E as "blemished", so at $329 it was a steal; paid my luthier $35 to reattach a loose wire in the pickup and it was fine.  Guitar plays great acoustically (I haven't plugged it in yet) and the workmanship and finish are very good for this price point.  I will put regular lights on to use it as a camp guitar and save my good one from the elements.                
i bought this because of the low price and the quality of the parts. i wanted a sitka top, mahogany back, machine cast pins, ebony fret board, bone nut, d'addarrio strings et al. all the parts were pretty high quality so i took a chance on the workmanship. it is a very nice guitar..the best one i have ever owned in fact. it sounded not so good when i first got it but that was because it was new and just breaking in and also because i was way out of practice. my other favorite guitar before i lost it was a $150 epiphone i bought back in the 70's.. the alvarez ad30 is the cheapest guitar alvarez makes i believe and you will be hard pressed to find a bottom of the line guitar that plays better.                
Really nice sound and feel to this acoustic guitar. Has a 1.75" nut with and nice string spacing. I tried quite a few acoustic guitars in this price range and to me this one is the best of the bunch. When it arrived, it definitely needed a set-up and fresh strings, so after I had that done, I am extremely satisfied and feel like this a guitar I will use for many years!                
I have read a lot of other reviews for this guitar and everyone was talking about how great it is for the price. To me it's just average and sounds like an inexpensive guitar. Sure it's loud, but the sound isn't great. It has almost a dullness to it that is hard to explain, not dynamic at all. The action out of the box was terrible and I felt like I had to press down extra hard on chords to get them to sound right. I don't play acoustic much and I bought this for strumming along and singing songs nothing special. I guess I am just used to the luxury of my PRS. If this is all you can afford it is ok and you will have a decent experience. I suggest saving a little more and getting something better. zZounds is great though. I have bought several guitars and an amp from them and the experience is always great.                
This guitar plays unbelievably well for the $300 price tag. Years ago I had a much more expensive, higher end Alvarez that I absolutely loved and I can barely tell a difference between the two. Lets not leave out the electronics, the built in chromatic tuner is great and not your typical cheap built in tuner with 3 little lightbulbs on it. It's very accurate and has a very bright and visible screen. The solid top provides a very rich tone and the action is great straight out of the box. Any beginner, intermediate, expert, hobby, and professional guitar player will appreciate this guitars bang for its buck. 10/10 would recommend to anybody in need of an acoustic guitar but does not have $800+ to fork over for one right now.                
Sounds bright and full. I recorded direct with the onboard electronics and with a microphone                
I was pleased to see the built in tuner. It made it easy to tune right up!                
I get great sounds out of mine by both strumming and finger picking ! The volume is loud enough to fingerpick softly and still get volume                
This guitar is very beautiful and well made. The finish looks like it will last the life of the instrument                
Value is amazing. I would expect this instrument to be in the $600-$800 price range from it's sound and playability.                 
This is an awesome addition to my home studio. Records beautifully with mic or onboard electronics                
Upon receiving my guitar I noticed the packaging was excellent and easy to open. The guitar arrived in perfect condition. I immediately used the built in tuner to tune it up and start playing. Plays like a dream and sounds awesome. Just the quality I expected from Alvarez. Always wanted one and now that I have one I am not disappointed. Thank zZounds.com!                
Very nice looking guitar. Not to shiny which is nice. Stays in tune better than my Martin. Now with that said., the set up was horrible. Nut to high in my opinion. Strings way to high for my preference. And wires were just hanging there in the middle of the sound hole. I expected better than that from Alvarez. But with all that fixed and a string change to Martin retro. It really sings.                
Great Sound on this guitar and very easy to play                
For the price, sound is great plugged & unplugged. Electronics great for this price range.                
Vibration of spruce top is great. I do feel nut could be lower. and there's a slight intonation problem little E & B strings                
Pretty good                
Looks well made. Set up, not as good as I expected from Alvarez                
Yes                
Yes                
Brand, Solid Top, Price                
Very good for $300 solid top                
Holy cow. This is a nice fiddle. I have been playing guitar for 15 year or more, I don't remember. I wanted an acoustic. I have played several Alvarez models over the years and I have always been a fan. I can say this is the absolute best Alvarez model I have EVER played (I have never played a Yairi or master series yet though). This guitar is smooth, plays great out of the box, and the fit and finished is excellent. 
If you are looking for an inexpensive, but incredibly awesome guitar, this if for you. The pictures look kind of generic, and bland, but in person the guitar looks awesome. It has a matte finish all over, but with a gloss top, which was a pleasant surprise. The neck is smooth as butter and has a slight V profile. If you are V neck fan you will dig it. I love the V neck. Was skeptical of the hardware since it is no name, but the tuners hold steady and are smooth.
TL;DR: Buy this guitar, it is great.                
I bought this AD-60 in April 2012, I Found This Comfortable Dreadnaught to be an excellent Little Instrument.. It has a Clear Bright Ring to The Sound Board and The Unmistakeable Sound of an Alavrez.. For the Money You Have a nice Gig worthy Box...                
This Alvarez AD60 is not as nice as last one they made. Real Heavy guitar. Not as playable with a flatter radius.                
Beautiful sounding and easy playing dreadnought. I wanted something simple or a little understated because for me, it's all about the tone and Alvarez always delivers on craftsmanship. This one was set-up perfectly right out of the box.This was my first instrument purchase from zZounds and I'm so glad I chose these guys. My order was processed quick, shipped the same day and I received it a day later. That's how you develop relationships with customers!Thanks zZounds...I gotta get back to playin! Dan                
This guitar is very well made with great quality material. The tone is beautiful and playability is easy. I looked months online trying to decide what guitar I wanted and I chose the Alvarez, due to the fact, you get better quality and constructed guitar for the money. I am extremely happy with my purchase and like the fact Zzounds has a "Play as you Pay" which helps when on a tight budget.                  
This was one of the best things I've come across on the internet. Pay as you play was a great way to get the guitar of my dreams and not have to drop all the money at once. The website is easy to use and I'm thrilled with the Alvarez.                 
I read another review of this guitar and thought that they couldn't be talking about the same model. As far as the fret ends go, this guitar is the smoothest of all my guitars...including electrics. I didn't care for the sound and playability at first. I changed the strings out to 80/20 bronze 11's and man, what a difference! Now I love the way it souds and plays. Outperforms my son's Taylor model of the same size and woods. I'm so glad I took a chance on this guitar!                
The sound quality is good for a new acoustic guitar. A little age will tell what the long story will be.                
The woods used seem to work well with each other but with an acoustic guitar only time will tell.                
This baby is a fighter. She fights me for every note I try to get out of her. I'm hoping some adjustments by my luthier will end our fighting.                
The die cast tuners will have to be replaced ASAP. Only time will tell on the rest of the construction.                
With the non finishing of the fret ends, and poorly cut nut the guitar is not worth the selling price.                
I did ask the company what size the truss rod is since they did not include a truss rod wrench. They were prompt with their reply.                
The only thing that made me go WoW with this guitar was how poorly the fret ends were neglected and cut my hand and shredded my cleaning cloth.                
Purchased this guitar in the end of 2017 from zZounds. Let me say zZounds is the best! This is my second purchase from them and there will be more purchases soon! Now about this guitar. To qualify, my main guitar since 1973 has been a 1962 Gibson Hummingbird. I have owned and sold others such as Fender, Yamaha, Ovation, Martin, Mitchell. Let me start off with the number one no no on any guitar. The fret ends on both sides of the neck have cut my hand and shredded cleaning cloths from being so sharp. The nut was left with bad cuts for the B and E string resulting in lots of snapping and cracking and hard to get the right tune because of it. The tuners, well, they are die cast so I didn't expect them to be much and they aren't. The finish is acceptable. The action is too high for my liking and this guitar likes to put up a fight when you play it. I strongly considered returning it to zZounds but there is something hidden here that is making me keep this guitar. Yes it will cost me more to take it to my Luthier to fix all that is wrong to make this guitar playable, and new tuners will have to be installed, but for some reason the sound has a likeability to it that I am enjoying. It has a V shaped neck that does not fit my hand well and causes me pain which I may end up having sanded down. The neck sides themselves are a bit too squared off and hurt when trying to use a thumb to wrap around for bass notes which I do often. The Grand Auditorium size is nice and I like it since all my other acoustics are dreadnoughts. Every new guitar is like a new girlfriend. Time, and give and take, and compromise, may lead to a very long wonderful relationship. I'm hoping that Alva and I will continue our relationship and this won't end up a costly divorce for me.                
Amazing! Right out of the box ! Perfectly set up...great set of D'Addarrio strings... L.R. Baggs system sound sweet...the Walnut really gives this it's own special sound... somewhere in-between Mahogany and Rosewood...nice mellower tone...back off , she's mine !! Get your own !! Cheers Alvarez , thank you for a fine instrument !!                
I purchased this Avarez model with walnut back and sides from zZounds and was surprised by how fast they got it here. Unfortunately, the one I received had a "sunken top" due to low humidity during shipping and storage. This left a hump where the neck joined the body and no amount of truss rod adjustment could remove the fret buzz that was on every string past the 7th fret. The only solution to keep it would have been to raise the action...but who wants to do that? So i sent it back. I got a replacement with no issues and found this to be a great guitar with a different tone than any other acoustic I've played. It has a wide body depth at the lower bout and this gives the guitar lots of bass response. Treble response is good as well and from a tone description, it's fairly close to what you would get with a solid koa top with lots of mid range. Finger picking sounds good from this guitar as does flat picking, but you can't drive this quite as hard as a spruce top guitar. that said, it has good volume projection either way. The neck feels good, fret dressing is good and the electronics are good as well. I like the GA size too.She's a keeper and a looker too. I can recommend this guitar. Finding a case might be tough due to the wide depth but I'm sure there's one out there.                
There is a reason that I waited so long to review this guitar.  I am notorious for purchasing guitars, and then over the course of a few weeks, I find find something about the instrument that drives me insane, and I either sell it, or trade it off.  The Alvarez AP66 broke the trend.  It is without a doubt, the best acoustic steel string I have ever played.  Now, before you purists start rolling your eyes, let me explain.  I have been playing the guitar for thirty-plus years.  I have played electric, acoustic, and classical.  I love all styles of music, and at one time or another, have focused on one particular style for months or even years.  I switch it up to keep it fresh, I suppose.  But my love for the guitar has never waned.  I have played cheap instruments that blew me way, and I have played boutique instruments that were laughable. I am a firm believer that the it's the player, and not the instrument that matters.  With that said, let me get down to the specifics for those of you that are considering purchasing this guitar.  
The tone of this guitar is astounding.  It is warm and full, and it does not lean toward either the bass or the treble.  It plants itself squarely in the middle, and allows you to determine the timbre of the sound.  It responds equally well to your fingers and to your pick.
The volume, like the tone, is up to you.  If you dig in, it will rattle the fillings out of your mouth.  If you play gently, the sweetness of the sound will give you cavities.
The craftsmanship is too good for this price point. I cannot find any flaws in the binding, no excessive glue inside the body, and the finish is truly gorgeous. 
The setup from the factory, at least on the one I received is spot on.  The action is low, but not too low.  It plays like a dream.  I made the mistake of putting a set of light silk and steels on it, and I got some fret buzz.  Parlor guitars have a shorter scale, and they tend to respond better with heavier strings.  I guess this is why Strat players can go lighter, and Les Paul players can go heavier.
Alas, no guitar is totally perfect.  The ONLY issue I have with this guitar is the tuners.  They are not on par with rest of the instrument.  They bass side has too much play, and the treble side is sticky.  I will be replacing the factory tuners with Grover Stat-Tites very soon.
I still highly recommend this guitar.  It has the punch of a dreadnaught, but the articulation of an OM.  I have always thought that 12 frets to the body improved the sound of any guitar, but that's just me. So, for under $400, this is without a doubt the best guitar on the market, and it can hold its own against gutars costing five times as much,  Alvarez hit a home run with this one.  If they upgraded the tuners, it would be a grand slam.
I don't usually write reviews, but this guitar wowed me.  I love the look of the shadowburst, the feel of the neck, and the sound of this little gem.  I have owned several alvarez guitars over the years, and love them, so does my little brother who usually inherits mine.  I bought this guitar for bottleneck slide, and the setup was perfect for slide out of the box.  However, for regular play I would say you would have to lower the action.  But there is plenty of saddle (real bone) to accommodate that kind of setup.  Exceptional value at this price, and as always zZounds is the best.                
I am not a fan of spruce tops and mahogany back/sides.  In fact, I own two acoustics which are solid rosewood with spruce. So... I was skeptical of a 325 dollar parlor which was all mahogany.  WOW!  This guitar sounds good. Very bright and an expanded midrange that makes for wonderful sound. I was also very surprised at the projection from such a small body guitar.  
I basically bought the AP66 for sitting in an easy chair and practicing without a large body instrument on my lap. Now I can sit with both a small and comfortable practice guitar, and all the sounds that help me make better music!  I am definitely a convert to all mahogany guitars.  Rosewood is great for highs and lows, but mahogany is a GREAT overall sounding guitar for all ranges.                
This was my first purchase from zZounds. I am impressed. Guitar was double boxed and shipped quickly. Thanks guys you have a new fan.As for the Ap66, it was what I expected from Alvarez. This thing is flawless from one end to the other. Plays like a dream and has a very nice warm tone. Love it.I was an Alvarez fan anyways and this one did not let me down. Good job.
I do not know about manufacturer support but the review made me rate it.                
Got one of these about a month ago and can't put it down.  I have always wanted a parlor size guitar which Taylor does not have in its offering.  I own several Taylor guitars and I love them all but for this short amount of money, this is a great guitar.  Since it does not come with a case I ordered a Road Runner classical guitar case (polyfoam) and it fits like a glove, I had my guitar tech install a Dean Markley soundhole pickup for quick plug in and retro sound.  Ready to hit the farmer's markets this summer in vintage style!                
Great guitar, fun to play, good set-up. A very nice guitar at a very good price. I would recommend this for anyone looking for a smaller body instrument for everyday playing or as a backup for your primary guitar. You won't regret purchasing this piece. Also shipping was very fast.                
This is my new favorite. the action is great, the tone is much better than expected . I like the slotted head stock. The body size is perfect. I was skeptical about "made in China" but was pleasantly surprised with the quality. The neck width is great. I think I made the best choice at this price for a parlor guitar. Zzounds shipped fast!                
I had been searching for a second acoustic guitar and became interested in parlor guitars, particularly because I am becoming more interested in the fingerpicking/fingerstyle technique. I am not a professional musician or highly experienced player therefore, I did not want to shell out more than $500 - $600 for a guitar. I did a lot of research and decided on purchasing the Alvarez AP66 because of all of the glowing reviews. Not going to lie that I took a risk and purchased this without playing it first however, I feel like I lucked out because I love everything about this guitar. It has a rich, deep sound that packs quite a punch. It is a beautiful instrument that not only looks good, it sounds good as well. I will probably take it in for a set up because the action is a little bit high for me. This has not stopped me from playing it every day since I received it. Very happy with my purchase and I would recommend this guitar without hesitation.                
The mahogany top gives this guitar a sound closer to the old ladder braced guitars of the 30's, which is great for fingerpicking blues and folk music. It's a 'clearer' sound but there are still nice, very well balanced harmonics, making it even better than the old ones. But it definately is not a dreadnaught sound.                
The simple abalone inlay around the soundhole is beautiful. The lack of inlays on the fingerboard makes it looks classy in my opinion. There are dots on the side of the neck. The overall color and finish is very nice.                
I put 13's (mediums) on this guitar right away. The 12's that came on it sounded kind of thin, almost cheap. 13's produce a little more bass and give an overall richer sound. It was easy to change the strings. The low action makes it easy to play. The body shape is great, it fits in my lap nicely.                
VERY nice high quality construction and finish. When you look at the details, like the bridge, the nut, the braces inside, the straightness of the neck, and the fret ends, you know this guitar was made under strict supervision.                
It seems like this guitar could, and should, sell for $500 at least.                 
Haven't dealt with the company.                
The longer body (meets the neck at the 12th fret) and the simple sound hole, combined with a great looking finish and that cool slotted headstock give this guitar a wow factor of 11.                
This is a solid, nice playing, great looking guitar. I wanted a guitar for fingerpicking and occasional strumming. This is it. The neck width is a little wider and the neck a little thicker than a lot of acoustic guitars. I like this. I gives me something to hang on to and the strings don't feel cramped.                
The Alvarez AP66 Parlor wowed me with its looks when I unwrapped it. It wowed me with its full range of sound when I played it. The setup was decent. The highs and mid-range notes crisp and clear, and the low end note with their surprising "boom" pleased me to know end. I fingerpick old blues tunes, and the alternating bass notes really set the rhythm for the mids and highs. The intonation was fine, and knowing that with use the sound will get better gives me something to look forward to. All-in-all, a great guitar for a very fair price. (Haven't had experience with the manufacturer's support.)                
This is an excellent parlor size guitar, with all Mahogany top, back and sides. It sounds and plays great. Tone is very even through out the range, without being overly bright.Overall construction is very clean and well executed. The finish is a beautiful vintage sunburst.                
I just received this today, the setup is excellent and the fit and finish of the guitar is perfect. The guitar's tone and volume really exceeded my expectations.                 
Sounds woody, plenty of volume, doesn’t compress until you really dig into it, built well, and played great out of the box. I prefer the non-electric version so I can explore different pickups. Sounds just as nice as many high-end parlors I’ve played!                
The guitar arrived shortly and in perfect shape and in tune. Right away I noticed the sound and it is now by favorite little guitar, so pleasant and easy to play as well as hardly ever needs tuned.  I tried several guitars I have by singing or humming a hum in to the sound hole. By far the Alvarez resonates louder, longer, and even sets the strings humming with this voice test of the response!                
Great guitar, the sound that comes out of this parlor guitar is really unreal. It's as loud as a dreadnought and so easy to play Solid Mahogany Top with real Bone nut and Saddle at this price. zZounds had it on my door step in 2 days, 2nd guitar I have purchased from them in the past 12 months awesome job zZounds!                
Very Nice little guitar.  Mine came without the pick guard which I kind of like.  In my opinion it sounds better dropped down a half step.  It arrived a lot faster than I expected.  Over all a very good experience with ZZsounds.                
amazing tone, beautiful finish, best bang for your buck by far                
Great little guitar. Plays great and sounds great. Well constructed and finished. Action was great right out of the box. Sings. Great guitar for the money!!                
Looks exceeded my expectation but was brand new and still had a few blemishes. Plays absolutely amazing!! The tone rivals that of guitars 5-8 times more expensive. New favorite acoustic for writing and noodling at home.                
slightly alrger than a seagull parlor, this guitar is very well appointed..plays well, full rich sound..I would say that it can hold its own with parlor guitars that cost several thousand- of course there is a difference but for the money, this one isn't bad at all..I have several expensive acoustics but they are a bit fragile..this guitar is sturdy and lets face it, if something happens to it, it is only $350- so you can move on easily..a $3000 martin loss is bit harder to live with..I give this one an overall 4 star- I prefer a bit luighter finish on the top just because I think you get more natural wood sound resonance..but this guitar is a keeper all the way.                
I can't put this guitar down, it's so easy to play with the small body but a LARGE sound the 12 Fret to the neck puts everything right in front of you. In short the best $350 Bucks I have ever spent, buy this guitar you won't be disappointed.                  
Great parlor guitar for the money. Many musicians buy the name, and others buy quality. This is one of those guitars that you just can't put down. It Sounds clean. it's tone is much better than other guitars I tried more than double it's price before ordering from it zzounds.                
I'd been researching a parlor guitar for some time prior to this. I had basically settled on a Washburn because I'd been able to play one in a Guitar Center and it sounded pretty good. But I knew that whatever I was going to get, I'd get it from Zzounds because, well- the payment plan. After searching the site for a while I started looking closely at the Alvarez AP66E. I was attracted by other reviews and I really wanted electronics onboard so I could stop chasing microphones around on stage. I saw a lot of videos on Youtube, but the truth is, I settled on this guitar without ever playing one.I expected it to sound good due to the videos I'd seen- but it sounded better than that. Punchy and bright and really easy to play. I tuned it right out of the box, (on the porch actually,) and everything worked nicely. I plugged it into some amps and I loved how it responds. I have another mahogany top guitar, so I wasn't worried about that- very warm and resonant; and it looks gorgeous. I'm leaving a lot out, but I have to say I really like this guitar...Things are mellowing out finally, but for a while there I was neglecting my other instruments...                
I didn't want to spend a lot on my first parlor because I wasn's sure if I'd like a small bodied acoustic. Price on this model was very reasonable and the reviews I read sealed the deal. The pictures don't do the guitar justice; this is a very nice looking instrument- love the slotted headstock. Out of the box, however, this was the worst "set-up" I'd ever seen. Don't know what kind of strings it shipped with, but a new set of Elixirs was the first order of business. (Personal preference). Intonation was horrible, action was terrible. I realize that for the money, they're not going to go the extra mile for proper adjustment, but this was really bad- initially regretted the purchase. After a trip to my favorite local luthier however, totally different story. This guitar is a pure joy to play. It has a beautiful tone, is extremely responsive to hammer-ons and pull-offs, and the short neck really lends itself to bending the strings for playing blues.The electronics dial in very nice when performing, and the small parlor size is amazingly comfortable for sittin' and pickin'. This guitar is a very good value. You will not regret the purchase, just plan on a trip to your luthier as soon as it arrives.
Gave a 1 on Manufacturer Support only because I haven't dealt with them and a rating is required.                 
I would consider myself lucky to own this guitar. Out of the box, the action was perfect and the strings were good (I haven't changed them). Sound quality for this guitar superb and well balanced. I was set on to purchase a Taylor 214ce but after a final test of the taylor. I saw this guitar and just wondered how a parlor guitar sounds like. Tested and it felt right to my senses. Tested another parlor guitar, in just two chords returned it and did a comparison between the Taylor and Alvarez. I normally don't go for looks when buying a guitar but the finish on Alvarez has a big part. I never thought of owning an Alvarez but because of the comfort, I did. I can't put it down and very easy to play on. For some reason my finger tips don't feel sore after hours of playing. Most of my guitar friends were surprised by the balance, tonality, comfort and resonance of this guitar. Well worth the money.                
Right away I was taken by the acoustic sustain. The box really rings. The action is right where I need it to access the whole neck. There was the ever-so-slightest slap of strings on fretboard, but it was just how I like it. I'm sure you could set the action higher by adjusting the truss rod.                
The on-board tuner works great. Often when I tune with a machine I have a disagreement between what IT says and what my ear tells me. This seems right on target.The sound gear is also good- there's even a sound "notch" and "presence" control. Also, I appreciate having TWO power outlets that are NOT on the strap-button.                 
I find this a very playable guitar. Bright acoustic sound and electric sound that's as good as your equipment. I have a Fender Acoustasonic Junior, and have tried both instrument and mic channels with this guitar and the possibilities seem endless.. I also tried it mic'd with a Shure 57 and it's bright and full sounding.                
I was immediately impressed by how beautiful it is. The upper bout is a little less than ten inches across, so it's as small as you'd expect a parlor guitar to be. A well-laid clear coat finish really highlight the wood. The head-stock inlay and abalone sound-hole inlay is pretty, and just about all I'd want on a guitar. The tuners look good- really everything looks good on this instrument.                
I am reading reviews where people who own much more expensive guitars think this one is better or just as good. I agree. I have spent a long time trying out parlor guitars in high-end stores, and I very seriously like this one- the one that was delivered to my house YESTERDAY- the best.                
No problems with the company. It was zZounds.com, who not only got this instrument to me in two days, but extended me CREDIT to buy it. It wasn't expensive at $459.99, and still, I was able to buy it making four payments with no interest. This makes it possible for anyone to own a good quality musical instrument. Frankly, I don't think anyone else is doing that...                
I am certain this is going to become my composer's guitar. The ease of handling and the way you can take it anywhere is going to make it a constant companion. 
I will say, just so this doesn't sound too over-the-top that I wasn't too impressed with the manufacturer's warranty. Nobody walks around with their receipt for the rest of their lives- and, well that's what serial numbers are for. Oh well, I don't expect anything to go wrong with it anyway...                
Well, I knew I was going to like this guitar, but I didn't expect it to be as sweet as it is. 
I got it out of the box right on the porch and after a few key turns I was playing it. 
It was bright sounding in just the way I hoped it would be. I plugged it in and was even more impressed. I think people want to use terms like, "beginner" or "starter" guitar- but I think it's as good as anything I've ever played like it.                
I have been looking for a small body blues guitar. Something that had singing highs good mids, chunky bass, comfortable and fun to play. This guitar fits the bill for me. I was able to use it playing live in a rock blues band and kept it under control, although it was vibrating big time. The electronics worked really well and I was playing through a PV bandit. It's actually quite beautiful in its simplicity. I love the green abalone inlays. The carved Rosewood back is four pieces. They did a really nice job matching it so it looks almost like book matched two piece back. The top is decent, it has the tighter grain near the sound hole getting wider towards the bouts. The winter summer grain it's not super defined as you would expect a higher quality instrument, but it does have some compression would like The winter summer grain it's not super defined as you would expect a higher quality instrument, but it does have some minimal compression flaking that makes the top stiffer. It also is kind of pretty. I believe that this particular top makes the high notes really sing. The neck is super straight, the fret material is a little soft and the edges of the front along the knack need to be filed down as they are a little catchy as you slide up and down the neck. The action is a little high but not bad, totally playable. The intonation seems really good. So it needs a little fine-tuning on the set up which I would expect with a new production instrument. I've had it four days and have played it maybe 10 hours, and One fret is buzzing. It's the G string second fret. Pretty inconvenient. With the shorter string scale and the 12 fret neck you can really bend the strings. It's pretty cool. I have never purchased a brand new acoustic guitar. Overall I think this is an excellent instrument for the money. I had my guitar guru friend check it out and he was duly impressed. So I expect to spend a little money on the set up and leveling the frets after I get it broken in a little more. I bought this Alverez Because I have another one that is a beautiful copy of the Martin HD 28. It's a great acoustic guitar, better than many Martin's that I have played that cost 10 to 15 times as much money. So I took a leap of faith on this purchase and I believe that it was a good call. Alvarez may never be what people believe Martin is, but if you look at the instrument and not the name that I think you'll be happy . Hope you find this helpful.  I almost forgot, the tuners work great.                
Been playing classical guitar professionally for many years. I have played so many, handmade, factory, etc. For once in life, I got the babe I have been seeking. This guitar is just magical. The basses are truly booming and the trembles are sweet as cake, perfectly balanced with precise intonation. I have owned customs for over 5k and bought this one for only 2K, what a steal. This is not a beginner or intermediate level guitar, it is professional. I've only had it about a year and the sound is only getting better (cedar top at that). I am not one to write reviews, but felt this is worthy of it. I will never, ever sell this guitar, it is my with me for life. If you may be considering this guitar, rest assured you made the best decision.                 
I've owned my cym75 for three months. I agree with previous reviewers that the finish could have been better. Overall, this is a great guitar worth every penny. The construction, look, feel, playability and sound are top drawer!                
overall,  acceptable, but disappointing, I almost sent it back, the rosewood back and side pores were not filled in properly during construction which caused the top finish to sink into the pores causing a cratering effect, this happens when the construction process is rushed,  you will not see this on instruments created by a good luthier,  but at $2000. sight unseen , you take this risk,  quality luthiers will charge $5000 to $ 10000 for a good instrument...  after talking with some luthiers about it , it was decided it wasn't such a bad thing, as long as it sounded good,  which it does at that price point... heartbreaking, but that's the risk you take with an instrument purchased online...                
I can't compliment this guitar enough. Looks, feel, and sound blow me away. I've been in love with this guitar since day 1, if you are in the market for a small body finger-picker, look no further.                
The Alvarez Delta DeLite is hands down one of the best smaller Parlor size guitars I've owned. For its size you will not be disappointed most my musician friends are jealous at the sound it produces and the volume for small gatherings or performances. This is rated for kids but don't be fooled it is compact but definitly not just for kids/beginners. I bought this one as a blemished. Their was nothing wrong with this guitar could not have beat their price..zZounds has the best customer service by far some have said differently but I have yet to experience that.                
I've never owned a Yari before, read quite a bit of information on history. The guitar is well thought out, Gotoh tuners, bone nut ànd saddle. Ebony bridge pins, the bridge system is very unique, definitely changes the sound, such a well balanced guitar, mids, highs and lows are full and even. My Taylor 816 does not have the sound this guitar has, and the Taylor is no slouch. I would never sell this guitar, watching the few craftsmen at Yari in Japan hand shape the neck without the use of a computer ran machine is incredible.                
Very loud. Quality and beauty describe the tone, timbre and sound. I'm real old. Serious player and 45+ yr acoustic guitar tech. I currently own Martin D-18, Gibson AJ, Martin SWD all cherry including neck, Guild JF30 1982, Yamaha L20A, and around 15 other 40+ yr old acoustics. My DYM75 is a fine fine guitar. I like it more than any of my guitars. I like a great cedar top. Only my Yamaki Custom 1971 has a solid top of cedar. My DYM75 does not compress to my ear at hardest picking and strumming volumes.  I could go on and on about the Alvarez Yairi but won't. At the expense of looking naive I will just say that everything considered (price not a factor) this is my favorite acoustic since my first one in 1958.                 
Can't put it back down.  Treat it like a King. 
Suggest these improvements:  include literature about Yairi craftsmen and a guitar care manual.                
I wanted a Smaller Guitar to pack around surinf my Travels and I Have other Alvarez  Acoustic Guitars , From The '70s and onward , The Guitar is like everyone elses Brand name where it started out in the USA and years later all in China , I thought this was a Bad Idea until i started my own business and Labour Cost is the biggest inflating factor of any Bottom line , I am not going to turn this review in the past, present and future , I am going to tell you , The workmanship , Materials and Cost is whats important , Finally someone is making a Guitar with top level wood and making it affordable , I love this guitar after I spent a few hours breaking in the Strings and it is  a sound right in the pocket                 
great guitar, great price. Tuning gears are high quality, was pleased to find out there is an installed transducer pickup. Used this as a flatwound travel project with 13 gauge chromes. Very happy with this product!                
as a guitar snob I was hesitant on buying a alvarez guitar.after reading the info on it I took the chance and all I can say is WOW . its better than I could have asked for . the fit and finish is perfect and the sound right out of the box is as good or better than my 000 15m ( martin) . no joke this guitar is awesome and im very happy to give it a 5 star review...nice job .                
This all solid body mahogany guitar is breath taking not just from its sheer beauty, but the build quality is excellent. When I pick it up to play I go through a moment of awe and appreciation for the fine instrument I have in my hands. This guitar is an exceptional bargain for its quality. It has totally soothed my guitar acquisition syndrome (GAS as players call it).It came perfectly set up all I had to do was tune it up out of the box. The images that Amazon provides don't do it just. Go to youtube and search for this guitar, watch and listen to the demos and reviews of this guitar. This is the best $1000 you will ever spend on a guitar, and it comes with a beautiful classy hard case. Yes, it only costs $699 but it punches well into the $1800 range of comparable Martins, Taylors or Gibsons.Build quality is impeccable. I know eventually the prices on these Alvarez Masterwork guitars is going to rise. It is inevitable as the quality is great. Alvarez went through a period where ownership changed and now the ownership is back in the hands of the original company, and the quality is superb. I love this guitar.                
I bought this for my husband and he just loves it. The sound the make and over all he is very very pleased with this.. So I am so thankful I did a great job finding this for him.. Thank You so much zZounds very happy costumer here,,                
I have been playing for roughly 55 years, and have owned more guitars than I'd like to admit to! I have owned several that were WAY more money than this guitar. I don't think you'll find a warmer, better balanced guitar that projects any better than this instrument! Additionally the looks of this guitar are a perfect match for the sound produced. This guitar is beautiful!!                
Just received this beautiful solid wood guitar and it plays like butter. Made a miner adjustment on the truss rod to lower the action and plays and sounds as clean as my Martin D-16 and Taylor 310!! Great Value and great quality. WOW!!!                
A very high end solid mahogany build at an affordable price. Quality through out. Has a very unique sound finger picked or strummed.  A blend of highs and lows in harmony. You can play this guitar soft or hard.  Comes with a nice velvet lined hard case.
great                
the build and  materials is very very good; top notch; the tuners turn smooth and easy good quality                 
 may not be the loudest but the high s and lows both respond equal;the sound is just as smooth and mellow as the action                
all the above is very good cosmetic beautiful mechanical smooth as silk reliable the fit and feel I think will last me the rest of my life maybe I can hand it down to one of my grand kids                
yes a hell of a lot for the price;;;;;;;;;;                
no have not dealt with the company;;;;the feel finish and build of this guitar I do not feel I will ever have to                
GREAT GUITAR; have two other acoustic;and three ele,guitars;;the Alvarez MDA66 OUT shine and out plays them all;the set up come lower than my other guitars lower than two I payed to have set up sound great plays easy I am an old man one year player with each acoustic purchase I have made the price also went up a 100 or two;;;but this is the last acoustic;;;;;;;;;unless I get a higher priced ALVAREZ;;cant image a better sounding guitar;;maybe lounder but not better                
I was counting down the days until it arrived .In my mind I was sure I got this right . It's a beautiful looking guitar . I'm just not thrilled with its overall sound . I will give it time to grow on me more . A little disapointed . However the lows do sound good                 
Just received this today. Beautiful guitar with a great tone. I bought this because it was all solid mahogany. I like balanced tone of an all mahogany guitar and also own a 1951 Martin 00-17 and a 1999 Martin OM-15. The sound compares favorable with both of the Martins. I also wanted a short scale guitar and your talking over $2k for a Martin with similar specs. The workmanship is flawless both inside and out. If your a fan of mahogany, this offers great bang for the buck.                
I bought an Alvarez parlor guitar that had a solid mahogany face. The sustain was crazy (could run my pick across all six strings and the sound went on indefinitely). Was so impressed that I wanted to delve into the masterworks series and so got this guitar. I have to say, I enjoy playing my rosewood guitars, but that is a whole different (and wonderful) experience. This guitar is very articulate in the mid range, but without a significant loss of highs or lows. I am a dreadnaught guy, but thought I would try something a bit smaller to play standing up with a shoulder strap.  This guitar fits the bill nicely.  BTW, loved the deal with the free ukulele. It is much more impressive in person and almost seems like a min-parlor guitar with nylon strings. My wife has small hands and cannot finger a traditional fretboard. I am going to give her the ukulele for her birthday.                
I ordered this from zZounds without having seen one in person. I had played Martins and Taylors at my local music store but didn't want to spend that kind of money. I ordered the guitar on a Monday and received it the very next morning, even with free shipping. The guitar came with a very nice hardshell case and a stick-on black pickguard. I installed the pickguard but preferred the look without it so I removed it and traced the shape onto a piece of clear plastic I had (the type that goes on cars) and installed that. Can barely see it and it provides the same protection. The action was just right and the intonation perfect. I really like the size and shape of the neck. I've got fairly large hands and there's enough meat to it but I don't think it would be an issue for someone with smaller hands. The sound is great with good note clarity and it's not too boomy sounding. My only criticism is the finish on the body which is very glossy in person and shows fingerprints very quickly. I'd prefer a more matte finish. Interestingly the neck finish is more matte and feels great. Overall I would say this guitar easily competes with the low-mid level Martins and Taylors at a fraction of the price. The only caveat being it's made in China. If I could afford it, I'd have bought an American guitar as I would prefer to support our economy.                
just bought and receive a beautiful wy-1 natural .these wy-1 were deemed the best hand made guitar in the 90's  I didn't give them much thought after all there are lots of other brands --- then I bought my first one ,then another ,then another and a 4th,now I have 5,selling my taylor and breedloves,yes they are the best hand made guitar EVER made .once played nothing is as good. I LOVE MY WY-1's                
This guitar is light and delicate, perfect for fingerpicking.  Sound reinforcement is old, (mine's from 1990), but less 'tinny' than newer Fishman-equipped guitars.  It is my love, (sorry honey....but you're second!!)                
I run Elixr ultra-lights with this guitar and it is a dream.  I had a Martin parlour-sized guitar made in 1889 until it was ripped off, and this guitar comes as close as anything I've ever encountered in reproducing the action and sound.                
With lights, it almost plays itself                
Very well made with no flaws whatsoever.  Afterall, it's a hand made guitar made by a Japanese craftsman who views each guitar as a prayer to  God.                
It is as close as one can get to the perfect fingerpicking guitar.  I play jazz and folk.  It may not be a good flat-picking guitar, as the highs are emphasized over the lows.                
If somehow I was granted a lottery win, I would most probably go for one of those old guitars I see on the back pages of those guitar magazines simply because I could, but given my present situation, I cant see myself ever getting a replacement.                
The sound is very sweet.  All strings are in balance as to volume.                
Materials and workmanship is as good as it gets. I can't think of another guitar that is better put together                
This guitar is very easy to play.  The frets are very smooth. I  had a little buzzing till I had it professionally setup. the  intonation is excellent.                
AS mentioned above. Terrific quality.                
I also have a Martin that cost more than this one but is harder to play. You get what you pay for and Yairis are handmade from selected and cured woods (at the factory).  They are not overpriced.                
Never dealt with the company.                
It is beautiful.                
I will never sell this guitar.                
My brother used to own an Ampeg rig back in the 70's, so I looked at the new Ampeg range when I wanted to get a small studio bass amp. At first I was a little sceptical that I'd get much for $99.. But, I decided to buy the 8" model just on Ampeg's great rep. Nobody had reviewed this amp/cab. Wow! What a great bit of kit. This kit is really well designed.. AND fabricated. True quality in the build.. heavy, nicely finished and a really nice sound. I'm using (just) an Ibanez Mikro bass so I guess the guitar itself isn't making this amp sound good just by itself? In summary, really nice bass studio/practise amp. I like a clean tone myself and at 2 out of ten on the volume it fills an apartment room easily. Well done Ampeg. Haven't used customer support but you have to rate that.. Change that pls, Zzounds.com?                 
I ordered it on Tuesday morning and it arrived Thursday morning, two days later.  I was very pleased because I needed it that afternoon for two gigs.  I play an acoustic Epiphone Bass Guitar.  The group with whom I play sometimes get pretty loud so I was able to crank the volume pretty loud.  I set the amp on the angle facing up directly toward me so I could know how loud it was.  In the past, a couple of band members have asked me to turn the volume down on a guitar amp belonging to another band member.  I know I had the volume a lot higher than in the past and no one said anything. I asked them how the bass sounded and all said it was fine. I feel the difference is because of the warm sound coming out of the 8” speaker and my ability to adjust the sound to fit the group sound.  I am very pleased with the bass amp and feel it will serve well for any gig I play for, one of which is a large hall with 100 or more people dining and conversing.  It is quite noisy.  I am very pleased for the price I paid.                
I bought this so I could leave my big bass amp at church . Tried to use this at church but to small ! Excellent for home practice not to loud but great for going over my song list ! Can’t beat it for the money ! Plan I buying an orange amp from zZounds soon ! Great service !!                 
I love this amp. It can get reasonably loud when you need it, but also sounds great at low volumes. It has very fat bottom end and never sounds mushy or undefined... and it definitely sounds like an Ampeg. There are plenty of tonal options as well. It's crazy that this little amp is so well made, sounds so great... and is only $99!                
The Ampeg B-108v2 is a great little practice/ small acoustic or jazz jam session amp. It has a nice warm tone that I admittedly have become addicted to. LOL. Light enough for me to toss it in the car.                 
This is the worst piece of gear I've ever owned. If I turn the volume, treble, or mid knobs past 12 o'clock the amp clips. On passive pickups, no preamp. If I turn the bass all the way up the speaker sounds like a worn out 15" that just can't pump anymore. There's an oddly high amount of static. When I plug in headphones the static is louder than the bass. The amp sounds fine at low volume and flat eq. But I just can't believe that Ampeg would make such an awful product. I wasn't expecting a whole lot, just a put around amp I can take room to room. What I got is so terrible I'm not going to even bother with customer service, and by the time I pay for return shipping back to zZounds I wont get anything back out of it that way either. Generally Ampeg makes awesome products, but skip this one. Buy literally anythjng else. It's like a first act with a nice shell. At least it isn't ugly.                
Very impressed with this Bass amp----everything I expected and more. Great sound. A good looking amp and is perfect for small gigs.                
Love everything about this amp.....except the fan noise. It is on par with some bathroom fans at hardware store displays. I was shocked. I played on it for five minutes, wrapped it up nice and neat and put it back in the box it came in and filled out a return from. It is so bad that part of me wonders if it is damaged.If I was going to play loud I am sure the fan noise would not bother me much. Unfortunately, I tend to practice at lower volumes while the family is home. The more I tried to ignore it, the louder it got. I am extremely disappointed.Again, if I could reduce/eliminate the fan noise, I would be on here raving about it. It is built tough. The control layout is fantastic. Fit and finish are first class. The scrambler is sweat.If you plan on playing at moderate or loud levels I think you will be very happy. If you are expecting crystal clear sound at lower levels I think you had better go play on one, better yet just turn one on, before you buy. I wish I had.                
I doubt anyone could go wrong with an Ampeg! I love being able to play along to songs on media wearing headphones which the neighbors love too! And the Ampeg tone and sound is amazing!  Incredibly versatile, get just about any sound I want our need. As for the scrambler I am not a big fan of distorted or overdriven bass, just a touch for the classic sound on the Moving Pictures album by Rush so I'll let others give an evaluation on that.
LOUD, and it THUMPS! don't let 75 watts cool you it'll just your ears!                
Very pleased with this amp. Perfect weight and sound for small to medium venues. Has a the rich bass sound I was looking for. So far no problems.                
Ampeg has always been a fantastic Bass Amp company. They are well known for their build quality and sound, and this Amp does not let down. While the Scrambler function isn't quite on par with the sound you get from a true SVT tube head, it is still very nice. The single 15 has plenty of punch and tone, and the tweeter handles the highs very well. The combo amp would be great for a beginner or a pro. For the price I dont think you can get a better practice Amp.... Notice I do say practice amp.... It works well while playing with others during a practice session, or maybe even a small venue, it will hold its own... BUT as far as a gigging amp for larger spaces it has one draw back, which is the reason I can not give it five stars, NO additional speaker out. The B210 has an additional speaker out, and is a similar price range, which is why I can not figure out why Ampeg did not put a similar Amp head into this combo. I personally prefer a single 15 to a double 10, and If I need an additional speaker, I would rather add another single 15. 
Again, that is personal preference, so I cant knock Ampeg for it too much i guess. 
When I added the Fender bass to my musical repertoire fifty years ago, true bass amps were few and far between. However, the Ampeg Bass Amp line was already there, and Ampeg bass amps had a room-filling warmth that went far beyond the performance offered by the competition. If you can find a used one today, it's probably selling for four or five times what it sold for new. When this new, streamlined model came out it caught my eye immediately. I don't play gigs much any more, at my age, but it's nice to have an amp that could handle a small-to-medium venue-- and it certainly doesn't sound like a practice amp. I haven't been through all the features yet, but the power and tone are THERE, and that's what I was looking for. And the unique wedge-shaped cabinet really causes heads to turn!                
Great sounding amp. I never owned an ampeg combo before. But Ive own a head made by them. I cant remember the model. Anyway it didnt impress me and I sold it. This one does impress me tho. It has any sound you may need. Im strictly an old school R&B bassist. So I like alot of low end. I dont use most of the other features just the eq. It has the power close to 150watts. But of course you get better sounds at about 75 or 80%. I recommend this amp for practice and club gig. NICE AMP
When it come's to Bass Guitar, AMPEG is the bomb!! For years I've tried to reproduce the sound of a ampeg with no success, until I bought one (SVT 810E). I could only use it on concerts, but then Ampeg came out with the New BA-210v2 (a dream come true) small enough for small venues and big enough to get the job done in style. My main bass is a Fender P with emg,s, this amp was made for this bass. The clarity of tone and dept is phenomenal, but what else would you expect from Ampeg?As a life-er bass player no other amp that I've ever played can excite me like this one!!! Thanks Ampeg, and Thank you zZounds for making it so easy to own one!!!
Many times people buy products just because some famous artist did. I prefer to experience it on my on. What I feel or hear is all about my own experience with the instrument.This amp is no doubt an excellent product. Power, depth, tightness, sweetness, and effects all in one single product. I love it!                
I got this amp from zzounds about a month ago and have put it through the test like I do all my amps. It has performed much better than I had anticipated. With a 12" cab underneath it will be powerful enough to play even larger venues. If I play really big venues or out doors I usually rely on the pa or rent a stack anyway so this is perfect for me for it will fit in the backseat or trunk of the car perfectly. The sound is classic ampeg and I especially like the new scrambler feature which gives me the vibe of the older amps I used to play when I first started out on bass. Overall I'm impressed and pleased with my purchase. The only thing I wished they had added was a mid frequency shift like on the svt models.                
Wow! I lost a fender Rumble 500 v3 combo during hurricane Harvey.So I figured try Ampeg this time. The simple eq is more than sufficient. Add a bass sansamp, and opto co impression you get into svt territory. Great value.                
This was the best combo amp I ever purchased. Tone is right on, volume can be too loud                 
I debated endlessly between this combo and the Fender Rumble. Finally I decided to go with the Ampeg, and I was not happy with the decision.
First of all, the good points: The amp really has a great tone. I loved the sounds I was getting from it, adjusting the EQ, Scrambler, etc. gave me a lot of great tones. 
Now the bad points: This thing rattles and buzzes terrible. I tightened up all of the screws, which were loose, but it didn't help. There were still some bad rattles coming from between amp, cabinet, speakers, everywhere. 
Also, the buttons and knobs feel very very cheap. Not good quality at all.
And finally my last issue, when I did take it to practice to try it out, after about an hour the sound just cut out completely. The next day it was fine, but I'm concerned about the longevity of this unit.
Ampeg needs to fix these issues, because it really does sound great.                 
I thought buying an amp online would be okay if it was from a reputable manufacturer like Ampeg I was wrong.
There was a high frequency noise being produced by the amp after a few minuets of being powered up.  I took it to the licensed repair place in town and they got ahold of Ampeg who told them they have received reports of this same problem and to return the amp.  So that's how this purchase went                
I got this delivered with a label saying it was opened.  When I tried to play it all appeared to be good until I plugged in the headphones.  I have a Jamhub which allows me to play silently, so I wanted to see what the headphone port would do in comparison.  Was I in for a rude awakening.  The headphone port worked nicely.  However, after I unplugged the headphone the main speakers would not come back online.  When the headphones are plugged in the main speakers go offline.  It appears the headphone port stayed open preventing any sound from the main speakers.  The bad thing was it happened on a Saturday hours before my annual family reunion performance causing me to have to cancel the engagement.  Would have been nice it I could have gotten emergency support from zZounds.                
I bought this cab right In 2011 and it is still sounding amazing!  at this point it's gone thru hundreds of 3+hour gigs. Still great! 
I got in a car accident with this, my svt 3pro (in a gator rack) and my American fender j/deluxe. I literally cartwheeled! Everything came out fine! The cab got a few small rips but sounded perfect! I took it and my amp into my local tech after just cause I still couldn't believe and it came with flying colors. 
I've pushed this cab hard!! Ive gigged with this every single weekend sometimes twice a week (plus rehearsals!) with 5 to 7 member bands since I got it. (In 3 bands)   
I play mostly reggae so I'm driving a fat low end tone but I'm guilty of loving the funk and slap it up and do some sticato poppy funk as well and it's clear and punctual.  just toured Montana and Cali with one of the reggae bands I'm in. No pa accompaniment just me for some big outdoor farmer market / town hall gigs. I ran it with the Eden WTP600 and it handled it no problem. 
I even have the Zeus red witch sub octave pedal plus the Ehx enigma and Blurst and this thing has taken every sound and kept it sounding true. Never a fart. 
Plus it's lighter than any other 410 I've come across! (Except an aguilar)                 
Got this in February 2012,and I am very pleased with it. Take your typical SVT tone.and add a little more upper mid presence,and thats the sound of the cabinet. Same sound as an SVT but with a little added clarity. I use a Thunderfunk 550B amp,and either Music Man Bongo 5's,or Tobias 6 string basses. They all sound great. Even the guitar player was complimentary of my sound. Best money I ever spent on a cabinet. My only complaint is the wheels. For some reason they put hard plastic wheels on it. I replaced them with hard rubber wheels from Fliptops for about 20.00.                
This Speaker Cabinet was ordered to fulfill a long time desire to mate it with my ' 87 SLM SVT 300 LE Amplifier.  I am not a Bass Player but use it to play a '62 Fender Bass VI through it.  Is sounds wonderful.  I also like the fact that it is all American.  zZounds Play as you Pay plan allowed me to order an expensive Speaker Cabinet I would normally not be able to order.  I go to zZounds for all the items I want and they usually have them.                
The Ampeg micro stack is a good amp. Liked everything about it. The head is great but the speaks went bad within a mouth. Replace with upgraded speaks. It sounds great! I should not had to do that. Never played over 3 on the volume. So if you are going to purchase this amp plan to buy new speakers. Thought I let you know.                
It's super cute, but the construction is MDF and a piece of the Tolex was ripped from a staple not pressed in all the way on the front cover and scraping it away - kind of sucks for a brand new item, but I don't feel like causing a fuss over a little nick.  Just weaksauce quality control...
The sound is good.  Nothing to write home to mom about, but it does have that "Ampeg signature growl" type of sound, for the bedroom.  
It's lacking the gain/master volume controls, but with the dual inputs, its doable.  
It's my favorite amp of all time for bass in the bedroom, but I wouldn't even attempt to ever jam with an acoustic drummer.  Probably for the better, since MDF isn't very road worthy anyway.  
Acoustic guitar sounds decent through it too.  It doesn't have an XLR direct out, but Ampeg isn't known for clean XLR outputs in the past, so I'm not sweating it.  A mic would better capture its essence anyway.  
Its pre-amp pretty much sounds exactly like my Sansamp (which was designed to emulate the Ampeg sound, at least I think so anyway).                  
Awesome little bass stack for small stage gigging. Use 2x10 cab for stage monitoring and run DI into the mains. Effects loop is a bonus, too!                
I own the Microvr amp and 2 210svtav cabs. I bought the second cab after I got the Mircovr set up.  The sound sound you get from this things for the money blows anything else out their out of the water. To get the rated 200watts performance you need a 2nd cab as the load with one cab is 8 ohms at 150 watts. Light weight portability and small footprint size are a plus especially if your space chanllenged.  This thing rocks.                
This is a no frills set up.  Has what you need to have great sound with a headphone jack to play practice in a low noise enviroment.                
It has a 3 band eq section that you can dial in easy to find a sound you like.  Its no svtpro 7  but for the money you will not find a better amp in its class.                
This amp is made solid.  Mimics the old school look of the 70s svt lineup.                
With anything you purchase you wish you could get it for less thats just the way it is. But for the money you will not find a better sounding and well made rig in this class.  The Microvr and 210 svtvr cab set up is da bomb.  If you want portability light weight and the best sound get this AMPEG.                  
I have had no issues with this amp. I have owned it for about 2 years now and play on it alot.  Its an AMPEG.                
This thing looks great sounds great and its and AMPEG.                 
I will always have this amp.  Its perfect for travel to other locations and has enough head room for small venues and recording situations and the sound is truely amazing.                
Has a great tone played thru the matching cab.  Can be cranked with no rattling of cab, good clean, nice bit of growl.  Assuredly could be paired with another cab for good sound.                
Not a ton of tone shaping options, but enough.  It is capable of getting some variety on it's own.                
easy, peasy, lemon squeezy.  roight.  come on, couple of knobs and switches, it's not like running a huge sound board.                
Ampeg, mostly great and long term name, but will it hold up cause it's made in an asian country?  Time will tell.  Most Korean and Japanese made are great, with China and Indonesian following.                
great value                
awesome little beast                
I will be having this little beast                
I bought the Ampeg Microvr Head originaly with one Ampeg 2-10" cabinet as a part of matched set, as most people do - about three months a later I bought another cabinet - so now I'm often running two of the same cabinets and the head together. When you plug in the second cabinet the rig gets noticeably louder in this set up, and also appears to have a much more deeper bass tone(if you want it). Adding the second cabinet added $300 to my rig - but if you can afford it, the sound is far superior to just the single cabinet, and gives you a lot of flexiblity. 

For smaller indoor venues like playing bass behind people with pugged in acoustic guitars, I run the head with just one cabinet and it sounds fine - both tone and volume wise. When I playing along with a drummer most of the time I opt for using two cabinets rather than just one. At higher volumes - like playing with a drummer it just sound stronger and fuller in every respect than by using just the single 2 10" cabinet.

I'm either running a recent custom C.F. Martin Acoustic/ Electric Bass guitar, or a Fender Precession Bass, through the rig - depending on who and what I'm playing on music wise. It works excellent with either instrument and I am very happy with the set up. Even with just one cabinet you won't be dissapointed.                
Happy with everything that it came with feature wise. Didn't like the stock power cord that came with because it was very stiff and hard to wind up - Ampeg should switch vendors and get a power cord supllier that could offer them a more felxible cord of the same quality that you cound wind up easier.                
Tone controls are easy to figure out and use. Rear connections on the amp are simple, straight forward and easy to use, and hook things up. I often use a Martin acoustic bass guitar with this rig - so I use a Fishman DI preamp in between my bass and the amp - this being done basically to help control feedback at higher volumes (especially when playing out door gigs) and to fine tune the tone on the acoustic bass a bit more. My Fender bass sounds fine with out the Fishman preamp and the controls on the amp head work well with it - giving you many mutiple tone combinations depending on how you set them. Also my Fender fretless bass sounds really good through the amp and the matched speaker that you will most likely buy with the head.                
Quality seems very high. After about two years of owning and active giging - it is holding up extremely well. Over the last year or so I have taken it out on local gigs about twice a week, So it's been out of my house more than a hundred times so far, and there haven't been any issues so far - all this in all kinds of weather and temperatures. I had black vinyl covers made for the head (from a custom amp cover innernet company)and for both speaker cabinets as soon as I bought everything - so even aften trucking the units all over the place for quite awhile now they still all look fresh and brand new.

The power cord that came with it was very stiff and always hard to roll up - so I bought an after market cord on a website cord supplier that was more flexible and easier to wind up. I've used the after market power cord every since. The head has a fan in the back that runs whever the unit is powered up, that when you first get the amp drives you crazy - because it appears to sound so loud. Truth is though while you may hear it running in your house when practing - you never do at gigs. At any gig the room and enviroment background noise easily drown it out right away - you just never hear the fan running at all. When I first got it I though something was wrong with the fan - there wasn't. Its an Ampeg thing - that is the low fan noise in a quiet background setting. Keeps everything cool inside the head - so you can certainly live with it. I got used to it after awhile and don't even notice it anymore. No one has ever commented to me anywhere about any fan noise coming from my amp. So don't think something is wrong with the fan when you first get the head.                
The original outlay (about $600 for the head and one matching cabinet) is a bit steep compared to several other small bass amps on the market out there - but you get what you pay for I guess. Due to the price saddly - alot of bass players might not be able to buy one and will go with something cheaper out there. Before buying this I looked around for about two months at other rigs on the innernet, at music stores, and at othet musicians' bass rigs when watching them perform. This unit was replacing a Hartke Kickback 12 - which I used for about three years for the same type of smaller gigs - which is for more low volume type of dealsthat I play at - where you don't have to worry about shaking the room and making the paint peel of the walls when you hit your low E string on something like Springsteen's "Pink Cadillac".

I still feel that I made the correct choice and am happy with the head and the speakers matched for this unit. Should this head get stolen or something I wound't hestiate to go out and buy the excat same head and setup again. Its made well- very light weight and suits my playing needs perfectly at the moment. If I was still playing full time big time rock more than I do now - I would buy an Ampeg SVT with a 8 10" cabinet, which is sort of the "Rolls Royce" of bass amps - but I'm not - so this works for me just fine!

I took a chance when I first bought this head because no one that I knew owned one- I never saw anyone using one anywhere - and there were no customer reviews out there yet to read. My purchase was based on my own personal needs and the reputation of Ampeg in general - when it comes to bass amps. I do own another larger Ambeg Classic speaker 15" cabinet, and some Hartke cabinets, that I use with an older vintage Acoustic Control head that I really like. Bottom line is the amp and matched cabinet are worth the money and I could recomend buying it. Its like a Martin acoustic guitar- kind of expensive - but well worth it because its made extremely well and sounds very good.                
Never dealt with the Ampeg factory people ever - so I don't know. I have some other Ampeg equipment, and never had any issues with anything either, so I never called for any warranty service.                
Design looks cool enough I guess - looks kind of like a "toy" classic Ampeg SVT. But -I guess that's what its supposed to look like right? Other musicians often make jokes and laugh at me when I am first setting it up someplace - then when they hear the amp and cabinets they are always curious how it can be so loud, and sound so good tone wise. Often other bass players come up to me and ask all kinds of questions about it after hearing me play through it at a gig. They always want one!                 
This head along with two matched 2 10" cabinets are used quite alot as one of my setups for giging out in smaller places like coffee houses, farmers markerts, jam sessions in peoples basements, and at small bars. When I play outside at something - let's say anything larger than a farmer's market, and are playing louder I use something different - which is a Ampeg 15" cabinet on the bottom, and one of the 2 10" cabinets on the top from this small rig. Believe it or not this amp head can power up both and a good volume - it looks kind of funny seting on top of that large of a speaker combination given its tiny size - but it does work out just great. Its a very versatile head and can be used in lots of different set ups with several different speaker combinations. Don't let the size fool you!                
I order this head even after I read some reviews that talked about fan noise. It is lightweight and powerful. Yes, there is some fan noise that is relevant only in a studio setting where the amp is next to the cab and picked up by the mic. A little distance or isolation and mixing in the DI signal right out of the amp takes care of that problem. I use this with a newly purchased GK Neo 115iii cabinet and it is awesome. Tone for days with a range for any style. I have been playing Ampeg since the mid-60's and wanted to stay with that tone for my P-basses and my Ampeg fretless. If weight is a concern, this combination will handle your concerns and deliver the tone. I do hope Ampeg comes back with a fix for the noisy fan and that ZZounds will follow up with them. I have not used the manufacturer's support so I am neutral on that.                
For the money you can't beat the tone this thing has.
                
Not a lot of frills.  What is there is great tone and eq abilities.                
Plug and play.                
Have been exceptionally happy with all my ampeg products.                
Low cost of the combination of the amp and 210 cab leaves you wondering how you can pay $600 for what you usually pay $2000 to sound like.                
Loud Technology experience has been fine as I have only needed a few parts and was treated well.                
I am buying another extension cab because I can leave one at practice and one at the recording studio and just carry the amp back and forth.  If I wish I can run them both with the amp.                  
Best Tone for the $                
I think the amp sounds great. I bought an extra SVTAT210 cab so I can run it at 4ohm and get the full 200 watts. I have played several gigs with it and so far I love it.                 
If you have been shopping for an amp, look no further. This is the one. In the early nineties, I tested every bass amp there was and and none suited me other than the Ampeg SVTIII and the 4x10 cab. Used (and still am) a Fender Precision with EMG pickups. Some amps had there good points, but I was looking for fat with punch, so Ampeg was for me. Time marches on and that rig was a monster to lug and load. Ten years ago I got a Behringer BX600. Easier to lug, but lacked that rich full bottom that the guitar players always complimented the Ampeg on. Looked at this Micro VR for a while, skeptically, but recently bought it. Four gigs later and the guitar players are raving about the bass again. Me too! AND it is so light! Had casters on the other stuff. Not this one. Even the fiddle player (female) likes it (she said it's cute, too!). Plays well with effects (Source Audio) without haveing to cut back on the gain. It' has the most even sound across all four strings. It is a fan cooled MOSFET so if you run it hard, the fan will run faster and noisier but cools quickly and will be ok in time for the next quiet song. Also worth noting that it will handle octaves well below the fattest string.                
the 2x10 speakers give great sound for no matter what style you play rock, punk, metal, funk, jazz, etc... Much better than combos I've tried within the same price range! Except it does struggle if you do end up playing metal and are forced by the super loud guitarist and you end up cranking the gain and volume past 7.. i mean it doesn't sound bad, it doesn't cause the speakers to sound like they are going to blow... but it does change the tone significantly in a undesirable non-metal way.. rather than being deep and heavy, the louder the volume = the higher the highs and extreme string noise and this cannot be remedied by the low or high knobs... so unless your going to be busting out some funk in your metal set, also another note, if you push the gain past 7 but keep the volume at normal levels, it acts like a distortion... So if your going to be playing metal or similar I'd recommend looking for a 1x15 combo amp or investing in a fullsize stack...However, if you are going to play all other genres, this is a good Micro Stack!                
The best feature about this stack is it's Size! 

My main reason for buying this over a normal stack or a larger combo amp is I drive a small 2 door, 2 seater sports car convertible and have a ridiculously small trunk space. So the Micro VR stack worked out perfect! I can fit the stack on the passenger seat and secure it with the seatbelt, then I am able to fit the head into a normal sized backpack (makes it convenient to carry along with all the cables and stuff) and put that on the floor in in front of the passenger seat.                
has the basics you need and nothing more. much like it's vintage styled big brothers. it just has gain, low, mid, high, volume, an active cut switch and limiter.. all the essentials and nothing more. however as a bonus, it does have an effects loop and XLR out so you could add on a preamp, sonic maximizer, EQ, or other rack equipment if you desire a totally custom sound. and on top of this dual speaker outputs (i've ended up using the Micro VR head on a larger 1x15 speaker and 1x12+1x10 bass cabs that were at a rehearsal studio and the amp was able to power those great!                
it's all the quality you expect from Ampeg! Durable, great looking, and secure!                 
couldn't beat the price for one of these especially if you are looking for an item which is super portable, provides great sound, can be used at home, at rehearsal, and on the road!                
never had to contact Ampeg once because they make quality products.                
Ampeg! that says it all..                
this is an awesome item, however I do sometimes wish I had my Ampeg 8x10 Classic and SVT-4Pro again... but if i did, I don't know how I would be able to transport it as I do not own a large vehicle anymore.. oh well...                
Great little amp for small to medium size gigs. Easy to move and that vintage ampeg sound to boot! I normally run an 8x10 with a 500 watt head but it is just way too much for the local clubs and a pain to move. I got this mostly as a practice rig but felt it would be worth trying at a gig. It was perfect I was able to crank the gain and get a nice vintage fuzz sound and it kept up with the drums fabulously. Easy to move I cant stress how easy it is to get around and if I play anywhere too big for the 2x10 to handle I will just direct out to the PA and problem solved.                 
Gives the low ends and high ends I was looking for while being portable. Good Construction. I Luv the ability to attach the head to top and it zips up nicely to remain portable. Very good Construction and the included caster work very well. I put a tilt arm on the back of mine to be able to tilt it back so I can monitor my sound and it works great. I do wish they built tilt arms in to these units to give you that option as well as handle on the side would make it easier to move around and/or stack.                
Both the build and sound quality on this cabinet is amazing. I've been playing Bass for over 20 years and this is definitely the best cabinet I've owned. I've never had to contact Ampeg for anything so I have no idea how their customer support is.                
When Ampeg says true Ampeg tone they mean it this , cab is great it is just what I've been missing 2,4,or 8 10s don't get me wrong  sound good , but pair them with a fifteen , there's nothing like it its what my ears need to hear I wanted a classic SVT but I didn't think it had the power I needed , I needed a cab that I could use alone on small gigs , and pair it with my PR-410HLF on bigger gigs  this one does it and it fits behind the passenger seat in my Mustang GT thanks Ampeg and Zzounds !                
I wish it had a speakon jack                 
I'd replace it !                 
Fantastic, tight cabinet! I paired it with the PF500 and it blows away my previous MarkBass equipment. I will always be an Ampeg family member!!!                
Fantastic, tight cabinet! I paired it with the PF500 and it blows away my previous MarkBass equipment. I will always be an Ampeg family member!!!                
I have an Fliptop from 1963 which I love, but it is a bit finicky and not up to travel anymore.  While this amp doesn't have the same style, the tone is dead on. It is a simple set of controls, sounds big, clean and loud. The DI feature (built in load box) is great, perfect for recording. If you want a classic Ampeg tone without the cost of vintage gear, this is the perfect solution.                
I have it paired with my trusty PF-500 and it sounds amazing. I used my head with other cabs in the past and finally got the matching cab for it and I am glad I did. Being a sealed cab makes it nice and tight sounding. I would recommend to anyone looking for punchy tight bass. If you want big fat low end, not sure you will be happy.                
Mine's arrived after a day I ordered it probably because where the item came from is in the same state as the destination.  So, kudos to zZounds for this!
Looks like the item was built pretty well.  When I opened the lid, there were no lose parts and everything was in the box (screws, speaker cable, caster wheels, and documentation).
The head I use is the Ampeg PF-500, and hooked up to this is an Ibanez SR505 - a five string for those unfamiliar with it.  Once I unpacked and installed everything, I hooked it up to my amp, then played a couple of songs.  Tweaked it, tweaked it some more, and I finally got the setting I want.  I had to make adjustments to make sure that the 5th string sounds solid.  After this, I tried finding my other settings based on the genre of music and playing style.
I have yet to find out what this cab can do in a gig.  Of course, these are 2x10's so I had to push the bass eq up a bit than the 4x10 I have (made by acoustic).  But that's always the case anyway when you work with new equipment (as it is always said, "tone is king").
I like the convenience brought about by being able to attach the amp head to the cab's lid.  Don't worry about the lid rattling.  There are 4 fasteners keep the lid shut tight.  However, I had to remove the little handles on the front panel of the amp head because they were hitting the inner "walls" of the cab when I flip the lid to prepare it for transport.  Removing those required an allen wrench.
I will need another cab to maximize the potential of my amp (500w @ 4ohms - two 8ohms).  On paper, the low-end frequency are just about the same between PF-115HE and PF-210HE.  I might have to find a place to test the PF-115HE first.  But as it is, I'm still undecided as to which to get.
All in all, this PF-210HE cab sounds very good, has moderate weight, and looks pretty well-built.                
Doesn't push a whole lot of air, but still sounds good... Loud enough to hang in there with a full band, but won't shake anyone's soul... You may want the 1x15 if you're worried about a thump...                
Compressors okay... Fliptop is convenient as well... Pretty to the eyes...                
Simple... Too simple...                
Its an ampeg so you know you"ll get that famed and befuddling ampeg tone!                
Cant find a better deal! Portaflex for the workin man...                
Everything is made in China!                
Sounds good, but could use a bit more oomph for a wow...                
Gets loud but doesnt push air...                
I needed something for my 7 yr old daughter and got this with the ampeg pf500 watt amp. It sounds great and has the valume to keep up with the 2 guitars and drums. We love the tone you get out of it.                
They r pretty direct and simple so she can get whatever tone she is looking for                
It is built Well, I did my homework since me and my son play drums and don't know enough about bass to have an educated idea, so from the other reviews I saw that the casters wasnt the best I got it home and replaced them.                
Haven't used them                
When performing, I use three different basses. A Fender Jazz, Ibanez GSR206SM, and an Pedulla Thunderbuzz. So it's all of the major basses 4,5 and 6 strings both fretted and fretless. I use a Behringer MX400, a mixer, so I do not have to plug and unplug all of the time as the PF350 only has one input. I have a typical Ampeg tone from all of my basses, a nice deep but mellow with just enough treble on top.                
The features are not many. So in my opinion, that's what is nice. It's nice and simple to set up, and yet the sound is to die for.                
As far as ease of use. The simpler the better. Especially when you have a lot of setting up to do and you have an orchestra director that's in a hurry.                
Quality is amassing. This bass head is built like a tank. Like I said, I have used this head allover the country and in venues large and small                
Value. I do not believe you will find a more useful bass amplifier at this price, with ease of use, or as reliable as the PF350.                
Since I purchased this new, I have never had to call Ampeg. But I trust that if I ever have to, they will treat me well.                
The WOW FACTOR is when those that you are performing with, say to you, that they have never heard a bassist with as clear a sound or as loud as your performance. Other musicians have said to me that they can actually feel the performance in their chests. In the practice room, it can shake the floor.                
I purchased this head in I believe 2015. I have traveled and used this allover the country. From small groups to various shows. Including a show in Madison Wisc. at the Veterans Memorial Coliseum with over one hundred other musicians and vocalists. I used the PF350 with two vintage B15N cabs and it just rocked hard and loud. It easily cut above trumpets, trombones, euphoniums, and a drummer. Including keyboard and other musicians. But the best part was I did not use the DI output.                
I actually bought this as a practice amp because of its size, and it works well for that. It doesn't really punch like I thought a 350W amp would. But I'm used to tubes. My 100W tube amp seems to put out more db's than this thing. But it also weighs 50 lbs. The 7 lb PF350 is nice and easy to tote around. Sound is good and clean like all Ampeg things are.                
at first I was wasn't sure I wold want an ampeg just the sound is usually tinny and I just didn't like it 

now after owning it for a month this thing rocks very punchy and handles the low end better than I anticipated

I haven't ran thru my full rig yet but even just one cabinet I'ds enough for this                
the features are cool it's pretty basic set up wish it had flashing lights

for fun, it needs a gig bag all it's own would add to cool factor                
I plugged in adjusted controls and whammo!

I found my sound                
I am so happy this is light I think its 8 ponds but man it's nice

after lugging all my stuff to stage it's nice that the head is light                
totally worth the price . ampeg is awesome
                
I have yet to call ampeg but I'm sure they would help if I neededit                
ok it's got a purple light in the center I think of it as a tractor. beam you looking at and can't stop                
I expect this head will last with care, I will use this till it dies or explodes from too much use but the on board cooling system                
I needed a single 12" bass cabinet & chose the Ampeg Portaflex PF350 for the job; I have since had to sell the bass rig; an upright bass player made me an offer I couldn't refuse. He really liked the sound for his Latin Band.                
Sounds amazing no matter what I throw at it musically.                
My only complaint is the lack of a speakon input.                
This cab is totally plug and play user friendly.                
This is a very solid built cab. It's big and heavy but it's high quality all the way.                
This cab sounds better than other ones I've owned that cost twice as much. You can't find a better cab for the money.                
I haven't dealt with them but have friends who have and I have never heard anything but good things about Ampeg's customer support.                
It looks better in person than in pictures. This is a super cool bass cab.                
I got this cab about a month ago now and absolutely love it. Sounds good clean or with distortion and is plenty loud enough as a stand alone cab. Im using a pf500 head and it's loud enough to keep up with two loud guitars and a loud drummer. The lows are deep and thick without getting muddy. The mids are well defined and punchy. The highs sound amazing even with the horn turned off. I have owned a lot of different 4x10 cabs over the years and this one is by far my favorite. For what it's worth the cab looks super classy too, better in person than the pictures. Overall a good value for the money and sounds killer. I'm planning on by a second one down the road to build a monster stack.                
This is an amazing cabinet. I am using it with a Portaflex 350 Head. I use this head since 2 year ago and, it never sounded better. Bass is deeper than deep and, at the same time the high frequency sounds clear and bright as crystal. I think this gear sounds as good as the Ampeg SVT-410HLF, but a very lower price. Because this cabinet was not assembled in the USA, I only hope it last as much as my old cabinet USA made.                
Well after subjecting my new PF 500 to three rehearsals at four hours each and its first club gig last night I think I'm finally ready to write a review. I admit I was somewhat hesitant to buy a Class-D amp at first having read a few negative reviews about fragile input jacks and reliability. But those were in the minority, the PF-500 specs and features were just what I needed, and Ampeg quality and tone are legendary. Also, Ampeg authorized service is close by so I went for it. zZounds made the purchase easy. I used the "play as you pay" option. I submitted the purchase with the first payment about 8pm one evening and got an email with the approval confirmation, payment schedule, and shipment information the next day. It arrived on the day predicted in perfect condition being packed in a box in a box like a set of Russian dolls. Quality and finish were first rate as I would expect from Ampeg. I'm playing a 5-string P-Bass with flat wounds through my PF-500 connected to an SWR Triad cab (15x10xhorn). Now sound quality is subjective to some degree but this amp sounded GREAT to me with Bass, Mid, and Treble set flat. That legendary Ampeg tone is there in spades! So starting there, tweaking these controls has been merely a curiosity so far, but I think you could find a sound for any style of music. I play mostly classic rock, blues, and Motown. By the second set last night I had settled on the following: Compressor at 12 o'clock, input gain at 1 o'clock, Ultra Lo and Hi both disengaged, Bass at 1 o'clock, Mid flat at 12 o'clock, and Treble at 1 o'clock. It was the most sonically satisfying gig I've ever played. I had thundering lows, clear punchy mids, and transparent highs all at the same time. The venue was not huge but I was loud with the output volume set at 1 o'clock. This amp should have plenty of power for any venue size unless it's so large the whole band is mixed through the PA. Now I need a Ampeg log'd T-shirt that says "FAT and PUNCHY"                
The famous Ampeg tone with unmatched portability.  The only knock is volume.  I went from a Fender Rumble 2x10 to the PF 500 and PF210 and there's a noticeable volume boost; just not as noticeable as I was expecting.  I still have to push it to compete with the rest of the band, but I'm hoping another 2x10 cab will get me there.                 
The PF500 will allow you to find your tone and coupled with a PF cab, it's unbelievable to gig with, the ease of transport and self contained storage are insanely awesome.                 
Not a lot of things to figure out here, plug in, adjust your levels and play away.
                
The cab solid and looks ready for battle.  Double checked screws and wire connections, all seem good to go.  Casters, which I heard were in issue during release, seem fine.                 
PF 500 and PF210 ~$800, unmatched value.                
NA                
Thing is gorgeous, many compliments from other musicians who have seen or borrowed it. Storing your wires, pedals, tuner, etc right in the cab and flip top for the head will make you smile for sure.                
I love this amp, my band loves this amp, and people that have borrowed it for shows love it.  Again, my only knock is that the standard combo isn't pushing enough power or air at 8ohms and 2x10's.                  
It's got ampeg traits, but not what I was anticipating based on the hype surrounding it.  Sometimes, I think I found the tone (sans-effects), and next time, it's not... quite... right.  I've had it a month and still tinkering.  Admittedly, I ran a Hartke head for about 3 years after playing through a vintage Ampeg regularly.  I liked it, but when I started playing more often decided I needed something with decent wattage and reminisced about the ampeg tone but didn't have a grand to drop on a tube head right now. 

I have plenty of room for being louder - I run it through a 8x10 and it's a force.  I'm pretty sure that I'll have no issues in most places, and DI for the others.                
fantastic set of features - I love the tuner out, the effects loop and the fact that I can blend it with my dry signal - awesome.  using the foot switch (got a 9 dollar ibanez and it works fine) is cool too.                  
I'm still not happy with my settings and how consistently I can dial them in, but everything else is great.                 
Pretty rock-solid enclosure, however I can see how some may gripe about it not being rack-mountable.  I like that it fits in an old 17" laptop backpack perfectly.  The thing is loud as hell so far, but rumor has it that there's a few here and there that croak either at arrival or a bit after use based on my research.  Time will tell.                 
Pretty good bang for the buck so far.                
Haven't had to deal with it yet.                
I'm going to say that my eyes bulged and mouth watered when I heard "solid-state" (lightweight), "ampeg" (mmm, tone), and 500W (loud), but after playing on it some, I kind of shrug when I'm asked about it like "eh - it's alright).                  
I'll be saving my pennies.  Nothing beats the real deal.  I'll probably replace this unit in the next two years, maybe sooner.                  
Wasn't sure what to expect and I was in a bind.  I had a gig the same night I got the PF-500 so it was truly a trial by fire.  Medium sized venue at a full 250 capacity playing through an Ashdown ABM Compact 1x15  I play A homemade Jazz Bass with Aero pickups and P-Bass with LaBella Flats.  I do play mainly 60's and 70's R&B, Soul and Country music.

This amp kills!  Does a very good classic SVT type of sound with ease and with some tweaking of the EQ can get into B-15N territory as well. Probably not the most versatile in terms of covering the entire tone spectrum.  Ultra HiFi modern tone seekers should look elsewhere, this amp has that very defining AMPEG tone all the way.  This is the best product Ampeg has put out in a long time.                  
DI out with a pad, Pre and Post EQ, Speakon connector and 1/4" jacks, tuner out, power amp in, pre amp out, 5 selectable mid Q, FX loop and a mute switch, and 500 watts!!!  What else do you really need in a portable head???  

BONUS -headphone jack with 1/8" stereo in so you can practice or jam along to you iPod                
I give it a 9 for being in to get a very good approximation of most historic Ampeg sounds, it will take the right cab selection and some time spent tweaking.  If you're looking for that crystal clear and clean HiFi sound you shouldn't be looking at Ampeg's anyways because you aren't ever going to get it.                
I'll give it an 8 only because I've only had it a week.  Seems to be built like a tank and don;t anticipate any problems.                
This is the best value going in bass amps right now.  The power and features Ampeg packed into this thing at this price is AMAZING.  I would have to say the consumer finally wins on this deal.                
I haven't had to deal with this but I will give it a 10 beacuse i don;t expect I will have to.                
This thing is pretty much perfect.                
I am extremely happy with this amp.  I would still most likely record with a tube amp but for live playing this is the real deal.  That being said I will definitely give this a shot in the studio.                
i've been using ampeg bass amps for 30 years.....had the B-15 porta-flex, had the V4 with the V4 refridgerator bottom, the SVT with the 4 10" cab and the 1 15" cab...every sound man had made a comment on how nice a it sounded, and i toured the us with that rig.....next was the B200R 220 watts into  15" tube pre-amp sound awesome motown baby rockabilly......had 2 of these babys...had to fix the problem with the gasket of speaker on wrong side..causing bass cabinet rattling..easy fix tho.....and now i got the new pori-flex PF-500, with the PF-210 bottom, and the PF-115 bottom, unbelivable sound, it is full, round, punchy....this is the amp i'll take to the grave.........i only hope i can take it with me to rock and roll heaven so i can jam with Keith Moon...                
it is beautiful....i was surprised at how nice it looks...                
this is all i'll need for the rest of my life...                
I picked this amp up for my wife (although I also play it) and so far it's been great.  We were replacing her old Ampeg BA115 which was lacking a little bit in power (at 100 watts) and also we wanted a head/cab setup for convenience purposes.  Paired with a lightweight 2x10 cab it's super loud and really portable for her (she couldn't really lift the old amp for more than a couple feet) and still has that great ampeg thump.  Also worth noting that we bought a blemished model (because who cares with amps) at 284$ and have no idea where the blemish is!  This is the second time I've bought something repackaged from zzounds with great results.  If you want to save a couple bucks just check the site each day for a week or so and you're sure to come across a resealed or blemish model for an easy discount.                
I upgraded from a cheap Behringer head/cab to the PF500 along with the Ampeg PF410 bass cab & I am absolutely blown away. For the price range, I'm positive that there is no better sounding bass head. I highly recommend this amp to anyone who wants that classic Ampeg sound. You simply cannot do better for the price as well.                
Just got mine today and it has the pure Ampeg tone! I dialed in the compression at about 10 o'clock and it evened it out nicely and I really didn't hear a tone change at all.

I boosted the gain until it started to break up, then backed off a hair and found that sweet spot. I also found that I didn't need to crank the bass knob at all - it has plenty of low end with the bass knob at 12 o'clock.

I was using my stage rig (Avatar 2x10 NEO) but set up in the living room so things might be different on stage, but I doubt I will be disappointed.                
The 5 way mid frequency switch makes it super flexible, and all of the other controls typically found on the SVTs (bass boost, high boost, etc) are very nice and useful. Ampeg doesn't waste time on fancy features that do nothing - this amp has stuff you can use. 
                
Piece of cake. It's truly plug and play.                
Seems to be very solid and well made.                
I paid $399. Unreal, it sounds like a $1000 amp.                
NA so far                
Gotta have one if you like light weight and Ampeg tone.                
I was using my stage rig (Avatar 2x10 NEO) but set up in the living room so things might be different on stage, but I doubt I will be dissapointed.

I should report back after a gig or two but I doubt I will change anything.                
I love the Ampeg tone and this delivers. For a couple of years, I've been using the PF350 and I've been very happy with the results, the only problem was that I was having to drive it pretty hard to keep up on stage; I play 70's and 80's glam and hair metal mostly. While the 350 did the job night in and night out, I was concerned about it holding up due to the amount of abuse I was dishing out, so I stepped up to the 500 and I've been quite happy with it. The tone is exactly what I'm after, I get the power I need without having to drive it quite as hard, the features are incredible and the size and price are just what I needed. At my age (52) I'm just not into dragging around huge bass gear anymore - so I drive 2 Eden EX115 cabs with the Ampeg PF500 and it sounds like I've got a big behemoth behind me! If you are looking for power, portability, quality, simplicity and tone, you can't go wrong with Ampeg!                
The PF series amps put out the that Ampeg sound! Many tonal possibilities too with the EQ selector                
5 position mid- EQ selector, On-board Compressor, and sturdy construction                
It's really easy to dial in your sound, not too complicated. There are some good examples of different tonal settings in the owners manual                 
Solid construction                
Great amp for this price! Plenty of power                
I dealt with LOUD/Ampeg on a previous purchase. Communication was decent and while it took a little longer than i hoped, they came through and made things right.                
Love that Ampeg sound!                
I had one, wound up trading it (pF500/PF115)for a American Jazz bass. When I saved up enough money, I bought another one!                
Awesome Amp and Company! I only own Ampeg amps because I want the best! I have a SVT4Pro with the SVT810 cabinet. Best amp ever. I have a BA115 (100 watts) that is also an awesome sounding amp and is much more powerful than you would expect and can handle most small to medium gigs, but some of the gigs we play didn't warrant dragging the refridgerator in and the 100 watter was just not enough, so I can almost sell the other 2 because the PF500 paired with 2 15s can handle any of them AND serve as a practice amp...on wheels!! Love it!                
This amp for the money has a great sound to it.  With modest settings and the selectable mids this is a classic sounding Ampeg head.  I run a 410 cab on it and has plenty of headroom.  The tone is great and needs little adjustments to achieve.                
Most useful is the selectable mid frequency to cut or boost and also the compression adjustment to get incredible sustain out of unit.                  
No problem getting tone out of this champ.  This is classic Ampeg tone.                
Looks great with the retro style knobs and chrome plate on front.                
Well worth the price compared to similar products.                
No need.                
I would just get another one if lost or stolen or just fatigued.                
my old head blew up and I ordered this through zzounds and it arrived before my next gig the following week. this head has a lot of tonal possibility and is very universal as I play all genres of music. It gets a good spank as well as a good motown sound. typical ampeg tone. I used it with an 8 x 10 as well as a 4 x 10 and a 15 and it sounded great especially when driving it into 4 ohms. i pushed it all night and it doesn't even get warm (temperature). Its worth every penny and at 400 bucks it cant be beat.                
I purchased this amp as a back up when my SVT CL was being repaired.  Honestly, this is an awesome little amp!  The tones are great and it's loud!  I use a Fender American Standard Jazz 5 string with an Ampeg Heritage Series SVT-410HLF.  I tried the SVT 7 Pro and I prefer the tone of the Ampeg PF-500 Portaflex.  Absolutely recommended!                
Compression and Ampeg tone!                
Good layout - simple!                
Well built!                
For $400 - WTF!                
On the 2 occasions I have called them, they were very helpful                
Looks retro - I like it!                
I may buy another one as these will sell fast                
This Ampeg Rocks. I had a Genz Benz Shuttle 6.0 and was never satisfied with the sound. I play funk and r and b and I could never get that sound I was looking for. I went to the music store and tried the Ampeg. For 30 years, I've finally found the sound I've been searching for. Wow. It's got that warm, funk tone that I've searched for a life time. Ampeg is the only amp I will ever use again.                
Amp Sounds Great, first ran it into a PortaFlex 1x15 cab with horn, and then added a 4x10 cab along with it. Does what Ampeg is known for and does it well.                
plug in set some sounds and go                
built solid,, no cosmetic  flaws anywhere                
worth every dollar                
I haven't had to call support                
WOW,what a head! got the demo model for $269.00 had in 2 days, no cosmetic damage at all,plugged it up to my cab.what a sound..you can get all the bottom you want,and get the high end out too.planning on buying 1X15 & 4x10 Peavey cabs from ZZounds.bought my 5 string P bass from them also..Great to deal with                
Straight outta the box and on to the stage. Set my tone at sound check. Couldn't be easier. 4 hour show and I have never been more impressed. Classic Ampeg tone, punch and drive. Built in compression makes this a true power house of an amp. Highly recommended.                
Great, lightweight and great sound. At 11 lbs., this is a great amp for the working musician. All the tone controls have a significant effect on your sound. Just dial it in and go.                
I bought a "B" stock PF500, and it is an absolutely amazing amp at a fantastic price! It sounds great, it's easy to use, and it has a wide range of tones. This is my new "go-to" amp. I've been using it more than my B15-N. It's that good!                
I bought this little guy to plug into my Fender Rumble 4x10. I've been playing for almost 25 years and I think this my be the best setup I've had. Nothing too fancy, just a solid, fantastic sounding amp with enough versatility to cover indoor, outdoor, big theater to small club with just a few tweaks. My only complaint is that it's not rackable.                
Awesome tone and plenty of headroom. I play it thru a 4X10 cab and it sounds great! Dial in your preferred tone and boom. I would buy again!                
This is my 1st ampeg..This is an awesome little amp..Sounds great,and plenty loud,rattled everything in the house on half volume(scared the crap out of my dog)Now he runs for the hills everytime I pick up my Bass.                
Very easy to use...If you cant figure it out...well...                
Seems to be very well made..small..aesy to transport                
You wont find anything better at this price                
So far no support needed                
Great amp for the price. I wish I could afford a more expensive but American made amp. Since I cant this one is a great option. Love the extra big and low, the mute button is essential..                 
Initially, it was great. Sound, tone, power etc. Then it would start to cut out at times. I had to turn the compression all the way off to alleviate the problem. Then, in the middle of show, it was gone completely. The fault light came on and that was it. Read the manual on what to do and that did not help. Ampeg's website directed me to their local authorized service center which is a garage and basement in the middle of a residential subdivision in the suburbs of Chicago. Not very impressive  .  After about 10 days, when originally I was told 5-7 days I was told Ampeg would just replace it and it was on its way. Another week, nothing. Called service center, I was told Ampeg was out of stock and would send Bstock. Waited. No Bstock. Then I was told Astock was available. Received the Astock and dead on arrival. Extremely disappointed. .                 
500 watts of Ampeg tone in an 11 lb. package.. what else needs to be said.. i use this head with an Eden 4x10XLT 4ohm 700wt cab.  It pushes it plenty hard and the tone i get through my yamaha bass and this set up is simply awesome.. no other pedals of any kind needed                
it has everything you need in a head.                
worth every penny.. purchased it mothers day weekend at local guitar center for 349.. extatic!!!                
Awesome piece. Make sure you place it in a rack. The functionality of the P F 500 are great, but like most class D product the jacks are suspect to loosen inside, even the speakon jack                
Depending on the venue, I use the PF500 with a variety of cabinets.....Ampeg 4-10, twin Mojo Sonic single 10"s, Carvin 4-10, Peavey 1-15....and thanks to the tonal flexibility offered by the PF500....they all sound good!  Sufficient power and great features wrapped up in one nice compact unit!                
While it isn't quite as "tube-y" as I had hoped, this thing is a tone monster, and sounds amazing for an all-state head.  You can get amazingly B-15 tones from it, and still get SVT sizzle with just the twist of a knob.  Don't be afraid to spin knobs on this, either, you really can't get a bad sound from it.                
I'd like to see a variable line-out control, rather than a simple full/-40 pad, and I would prefer that you could play the line in through the speaker cab instead of just through headphones.  Other than that, it really has everything I need.                
There are only a few knobs, so it's pretty simple to use, the owner's manual is complete and clear.                
It's an Ampeg.  Need I say more?                
Somewhere between a good value and downright inexpensive.                
I haven't had to use it, but I hear from friends that there customer service is excellent.                
It's much better in person than in photos.                
There is a good chance I'll never need another amp.                
Heard great things about ampeg, so I was excited to get one.  I am very disappointed with the output of this amp.  My 2 guitar players blow me away.  Every show we play people tell me they can't hear me.  It craps out on me quite often for no reason that I, or anyone else can determine.  I've tried every setting on it and it still does it.  The people where I bought it are at a loss.  I've tried contacting ampeg for assistance, but they keep telling me I must be doing something wrong.  I've been playing bass for over 30 years and have owned several different heads. I've never had this problem before and based on this,  I will never buy another ampeg product.                
The sound is pure Ampeg.  Which one?  It depends on how you set it.  I've been able to get a really excellent B-15 emulation and an outstanding SVT emulation from it with a simple tweak of the EQ settings (and gain).  It isn't as "tubey" as the 7-Pro or other models with tubes, obviously, but it is an exceptional resemblance.  The DI is pretty hot, but run the -40dB pad, post EQ, and set the mixer for microphone, and it works fine.  This thing is LOUD, too (pun intended).                
I'd like to see an attenuator control on the DI.  Wish it had a tube pre-amp, but for the money, I can't complain.                
Great sound is almost guaranteed, as long as you like Ampeg's sound.  It really does sound like an Ampeg.                
Seems really well made, feels sturdy enough.  I've gigged this a few times in the last month that I've had it, and taken it out to rehearsals twice a week.  It is light and easy to transport (hint - get an inexpensive laptop bag, it fits perfectly, and most have pockets for the cables).  It has held up well so far, and I have no doubt it will continue to do so.                
Great bang for the buck.                
Haven't had any support issues with this one, but whenever I've dealt with Ampeg, they've been phenomenal.                
It isn't an SVT or B-15, so it is certainly lacking that sex appeal.  However, other than other bass players, who notices what amp you're using?  Nobody.  They look at your speaker cab, but not the amp.                
This is a great little amp. Great low end and crisp mids and highs. I originally purchased the Line 6 HD400 but there was just too much modeling which is good if you like that kind of variety in an amp head. The PF500 is simple in design and function and cuts through all the clutter to deliver fantastic sounds through my GK 410MBX. If you are on a budget, and even if you are not, I would recommend the Ampeg PF500.                
This amp feels solid and has great tone but there is no way this thing pushes the 500 watts it says it does. Prior to owning this amp I used a Hartke LH500 with an ampeg 410hlf and I never turned the volume past 2-3 at shows, at practice, in a 4 piece it did fine. Now with this Ampeg Pf-500 (same cab) and in a 3 piece I find myself at 10 and turning the gain up to be heard through the drums. Very disappointed, I wish they lived up to there reputation.                
The moment I plugged my '76 Fender P-Bass into the PF-500, the cooling fan wouldn't start, the fault light turned on, and no sound came out.Seller sent me 2 replacements, Ampeg sent me another, all with the same problem.Great service from seller and Ampeg, they were very helpful, but I think the PF-500 has a very serious design flaw.                
I got this amp delivered by Musicians Friend, and after opening the box and testing it out, I immediately boxed it back up and sent it back. Returned for a full refund. 
This amp has no tone, very bland sounding, and the 300 watts into 8 ohms seemed alot less. 
Was disappointed in this product by Ampeg. Save yourself the headache and buy a used amp that has some tone and power to it.                
For the price you definitely cannot beat the value. There are no extraneous knobs or buttons that clutter other amps. If you like the Ampeg sound, then you are in for a treat. I have not been playing bass for too long but I have been a musician for the better part of my life and I know music. I have tried other amps to include a modeling amp and they were just too cumbersome to operate. Clean lines, crisp tones and excellent pricing make this amp a value you should not pass up! I cannot rate manufacturer support as I have not needed them to date.                
warm to solo ,i can play chords with clarity for days...                
compressor is very nice  and works                 
very easy to dial in i have used this head with ,SWR, AMPEG, EDEN AND IT COMMANDS WHAT IT WANTS ,slight learning as you learn the how to's when you travel from stage to stage pack light ,i just bring my head and my bass they have a speaker on sight the amp brings out the best in the speakers too..                
great so far                
good buy ,good price                
never had to use it                
yes  , THE wow factor ! coming from GK  bottom with brilliance for days                 
i have been playing for quite a few years and have tried and played through  may amp's , i was really hesitant on getting this as i know the rep on the AMPEG and i like bottom ,mid and smack in your face ,punch to the chest sound and i thought that ampeg had a muddy ,warm, humbuck, no definition ect. sound until...... i was just going to get this play it at a concert test and send back the head , in my last three shows i played this from a fender jazz active to a IBANEZ soundgear  605 hummmm.... now i cant get rid of it and don't want to ,one of the sound  engineers front of the house and musicians i play with was like this amp was cutting through and i play with these musicians for years ,i am truly amazed and would love to be a ampeg spokesmen  ,i am for real get his head ,versatility ,bottom,mid and spank its all here ,,1 session i was was not playing loud but i had my bottom on 4 ,and watched the 8/10's bust up this top can move some air ,i hear ,and i hear yeah but  ,yeah  but ,just get it you wont regret it  nice investment we will see longevity  time will tell .....                
I think this is an outstanding value. I owned the PF-500 which I also bought from Zzounds and I loved the tone but it always seemed to lack headroom to me. Well thankfully Ampeg introduced the PF-800! 
Dont be skeptical, this amp is one of the best amps Ampeg makes. The price is perfect. The looks are stunning with the sweet purple power light. I would buy one again tomorrow if I needed it.                 
before this I had a PF350 and found a decent sound for a 2x10 speaker cabinet. moved to the states and needed that Ampeg Fridge. I dint wanted to have a 80lbs tube amp to match it and jump to my mind the PF I called Ampeg asking if this set up will match up and it was fine! When the amp arrived (pretty quick) I dialed a good sound a huge headroom from a 12lbs amp and still have ampeg classic tone all over!                
Light.powerful, great tone..first gig I played with this amp made the usually grumpy front man smile all night. If this amp blew up tomorrow I'd but the same amp again.                
I have gigged with my beloved PF500 for 4 years. I did have some shutdown problems a week ago (heat and low voltage) and wanted just a bit "more."First gig with the PF800. Wow....just Wow! It picked up where the PF500 left off. More headroom, but all the features I know and love. I gigged with an SVT in the mid 70's through early 80's. I would not trade this amp for my old SVT head. This does everything my SVT did, and does it better. I bought the PF500 after my GK1001RB died. I loved the Ampeg from the first use, where the GK was just a utility head for me. It got the job done, but I never cared for the sound or response. The Ampeg was like having an additional "instrument." Thank you Ampeg. I look forward to see what Yamaha develops with the Ampeg line. 56                
Bought this amp after testing driving a friends 500 at a gig. I push amps fairly hard and the 500 went into shut down mode twice because of the stress. The 800 is everything I need. Having said that, I can attest to the amps finicky nature sometimes.  When using a jazz bass and digging in deep with plenty of high end snarl , the amp when into shut down mode as well.  I understand I was pushing a bit much. But since that day and after a few EQ tweaks the amp has not blinked.  I use it in 2 original bands and a cover band. It fits in a briefcase style case and goes everywhere.. Well worth the money. Every feature is as advertised...loved that i got it at ZZounds                 
I wanted to review this amp after my first gig with it because of how much I LOVED it! I figured id wait a few months just to test its worthiness. Its been played every friday and saturday night for about 4 hours a night for the past 6 months and have had ZERO issues.. Amp turns right on! I use the preamp send into the left side of my in-ear monitor system and sounds killer! Am pushing the amp through a Ampeg SVT CL 8x10 and cant see spending any money on a new amp anytime soon. My only gripe at first was a set of rackears seem to be impossible to find.. although it would be easy to make a set of your own ears.. the universal rack trays work great, just take the screws out from the rubber feet of the amp and attach to the universal tray! .                
Excellent tone. Power - I'm unimpressed.
Never had any bass head near 800 watts, so I was very careful to turn up the volume on first use. (was scared it would jump out at me!) Not the case with this amp. I gets loud upward above 7 near 8.                 
I received the Amp and two speaker cabinets ahead of time in good condition from zZounds. I connected the speaker cabinets and amplifier and tried to adjust the EQ but could not get rid of a distracting distortion coming thru the proflex head. I tried several different speakers and finally tried another amplifier with these speakers to determine that the amp was the source of the weird sound. Knowing that Ampeg is a top of the line quality product, I believe this was a rare case of receiving a slightly defective product. I contacted zZounds to explain the problem. zZounds immediately issued a RMA for me to return the amp head no questions. In my case, I decided to purchase another amplifier locally so I could actually hear it before I hooked it up to the speakers, Overall, because of the timely and understanding customer service, I gave them a high rating for this purchase. I believe these guys care about working musicians and stand behind everything they sell. The speakers sound amazing with my new Ampeg head. Ampeg is still the best product for serious bass players.                
This stack is amazing. Used it first time at a gig 2 days after receiving this monster. We blew out a sub so they were relying on my new Ampeg  to cover without going in the mix. Not a problem. This thing pumped the building. The features on this amp stack are all you will ever need. EQing, compression and booste buttons are easy to figure out and really enhance a good tight sound. This system is built for the long haul, although I highly recommend the covers to protect the handsome look of the speakers. I haven't needed support yet, although I've had smaller Ampeg amps in the past and never needed support. The sound blew everyone in the band away due to not being in the mix. It covered the room nicely. If you have a five string, it will handle that Low B with a vengeance. Rumbled the rafters. I paid a great price for what I got, and using zZounds just makes it easy to pay as you pay. I've bought $10K in musical equipment and never had a problem with payment plans or ordering problems. Received the unit 2 days after the order, with free shipping.                
Great amp and cabinets. The 15" cabinet gives you nice low end that a 15" speaker can but yet it is still tight and clean. The 4-10 cabinet with the horn covers frequencies from low to up high. It gives you the rapid transient the 10s can along with the crisp hi's. It is very responsive and tight as well. The cabinet matches perfectly to the 15" cabinet. The 800 watt head gives you plenty of headroom. The eq is great and I like the onboard compressor with a little dialed in. It really sweetens the sound. Used the rig for the first time last week end and was absolutely blown away with it. My fellow band members all complimented on how good it sounded. Plus it is easy to move around, not a back breaker.Great rig Ampeg.                
This is a very nice rig! I bout the head with two cabinets. One is the 4x10 cabinet. Which is a monster! Surprisingly huge on the bottom end. My favorite though, is the 1x15. It does so much for my needs alone. I use both cabinets though. The 15 by me, and the 4x10's by the drummer. This works out great. Stacked together? Not sure how that sounds.. Haven't tried that out yet. These cabinets are both light weight for wht they do. The whole rig is easy to move.  I am very satisfied with the quality, the price i paid for the rig, and for the great ecperience with zZounds. The only thing remotely to complain about, was that one cabinet came in two whole days after the first one did. No big deal.. On to my next transaction with these guys. I am happy to be doing business with you guys.                
Bought this Stack after playing with it in my local Guitar Center and I am not disappointed in the least.  This thing has a big booming sound that is very clean and with plenty of headroom to spare and I have only played it through the 4 X 10.  I will be hooking up the entire package tomorrow to hear how it sounds.  
The ZZounds staff is incrediably patient and friendly and most importantly helpful.  They were able to arrange for FedEX to hold this at my local facility to keep everything safe.  Looking forward to the first performance with this! 
This is a plug and play and it took no time at all to dial in a sound I like.                 
Buying the Ampeg Portaflex PF800 Bass Amp Stack  was the best decision I made musically, and going with zZounds was the best decision I made professionally.
You cannot dispute the iconic sound of Ampeg for bass.                
Awesome bass rig. Easy to dial in "Your Sound"...This rig just kicks butt. zZounds was great! Will definitely be ordering more stuff...                
FedEx dropped it off this morning, thrilled. Ampeg has never let me down. If you know the brand, you don't need my review to know what it does for your sound. Those cabs are nice and light ( nothing like my 810's ) well built, punchy, crisp, warm like butter, cuts thru the mix...what else is there? OH...they look great. Doesn't take much to get the sound you want.                
Unbelieveable deal! This is the best option I found in a bass set-up and the best company to deal with. 
I Finally own Ampeg 
I am Proud to have the PF-800/115 Portaflex and am looking forward to gigging out with it.
Thank You, zZounds for the Excellent Payment Plan option.                
I bought this as a birthday gift for my wife, who had an old head and 210 that weighed about a million pounds. She prefers a 115 (has it with another amp) and the tone shaping on this is fantastic! Plus, it's easy for me to get it up and down the basement steps for gigs ... OK, I bought it for ME ...                
Like I said, Ampeg tone, good mid controls. As shipped it will push 450w. I have ran this Half Stack with an added PF210 to hear it at 800w and it was awesome. Great punch sustained lows. I personally intend to purchase the 210 some. Still, at 450w it has good headroom.                
I like that the head Mounts to the lid of the cabinet. The fasteners are well built and sturdy. There is a heavy duty Velcro strap secured to the inside of the cab. It will be strapping down your caster wheels in an Ampeg pouch when you purchase. I have been using the Velcro to strap Down my Jenson DI. It ships with a 16 gauge speaker cable, i suggest replacing it with a 14 gauge speakon cable.                
I dont think I can answer this question. For me, yeah its super easy. But i have good amount of common sense and better amount of knowledge concerning my Gear. If you run a high impedance intrument cable from your amp to your cab instead of a speaker cable, then I cant comment on ease of use.                  
So Far, everything is looking secure and sturdy, well built. I have had Ampegs in the past the the knobs and dials start getting loose after a year... we will see.                
Oh yeah                
Haven't dealt with them, but i have experience with zZounds Support and they have always been supper Helpful.                
The material the cab is wrapped with has nice pattern to it the way it reflects light. I like the Light on the front of the head. I have had a few people tell me it looks as sharp as it sounds.                
I have always loved the tone of Ampeg systems, and the PF800 / PF115HE Half Stack did not disappoint. Plenty of Options in the Mid-range frequencies allow me to cut out the muddiness and add a little growl, helping my basslines cut through the mix. 
Have used this new rig for funk/rock and country/western gigs. The PF115HE sounded great after being broken-in for a few hrs. The bass player in the funk band I play guitar in uses an Ampeg SVT PRO 4 so he was the first to give the head a good test. It passed with flying colors. Second gig was me playing bass in a country/western band. The Portaflex rig performed beautifully with no hiccups with that great Ampeg sound. Well done and I'm a happy camper. I can't comment on customer support as there have been no issues to report.                 
I bought this amp over a year ago i have gig with it so many times is light and has plenty of power with the 800 watts. My brother gig with it with a band that had 3 guitar players one keyboard Drums and 4 singers and my brother were all the way in the back with a 6 string ibanez and the amp. Everyone was amazed on how you can hear the bass loud clear crisp punchy. This was when i said i made the right choice. Thanks Amoeg for your quality and thanks zZounds for making it possible for me.                
This product is extremely worth the buy!If a bassist need that thump and bump,THIS IS IT!Smooth,clean tone,deep,high mids,everything you could want in tone hands down!                
I have a full stack Ashdown EVO 500 and 2 4/10 cabs . Great for gigs but too much trouble for one guy for grab and go sessions.  I did lots of research on combos and this was my choice for Blues and Classic Rock.  It sits well in the mix and has that classic Ampeg tone. Fat, Round and Bassy and you can dial in a little grit if you like.  The onboard Compressor is good and my Darkglass on my Pedal Board is not needed.  The cab Construction is top notch and the Black Diamond Tolex gives it a nice old school touch.  It being a Portaflex you can mount the amp to the lid and safely transport it to and fro.  Great tone and as is with one cab you got 400 watts @ 8 ohms.  Ampeg Technical Support has been top notch replying to several questions I had pre and post purchase.                
I've always used Fender and Peavey Amps. When I bought this amp I did so wanting to down size. First gig everyone on the bandstand was blown away. Tone and power are there. I am more than pleased with my amp.                
A) Great amp. Tone Controls have a very satisfactory range. Plus everything you need for gigging and recording. B) zZounds shipped the thing SO FAST. Ordered it Thursday night. Saturday morning checked the tracking status, it was already on a truck a few towns over. C) Love The Flip Top. D) Lightweight for an amp this good. Also the Castors. Super convenient. E) Pricey. I would never have bought this amp if it weren't for the Pay as you Play deal. I'm spending extra money in the long run to have a good amp now, rather than save up cash for the rest of the year.                
Got this baby along with the PN115-HLF and it's a wonderful sounding combination paired with my SVT-7 PRO. All the bottom and volume one could ask for when playing the local club scene. It presents itself with warmth and depth. Solid construction throughout. Eminence speakers and high frequency horn level control adjust easily to your desired sound. With all the above attributes considered and the relative "lightness" ... the 115 checks in at 59 lbs and the 410 at 64 lbs ... this is THE RIG your ears, audience, band mates and your precious back will cherish for years and years. Hey, it's AMPEG. This stuff speaks for itself.                
Using just as a D.I., your sound is clean and clear with no degradation of tone.  When you engage the amp modeling side, you can dial in everything from a fat, chunky Motown B15 warmth (dial in a little scrambler to create the tube break-up), or dial in the clean and bright sounds that lend an ear to a Marcus Milleresk tone.  The scrambler side goes from a subtle buzz of tubes breaking up to the full on fuzz of Geezer Butler doing the bass intro of N.I.B.                
I found the aux plugs fascinating.  You can plug your iPhone direct into the pedal and play along with songs you are working on, a feature on the bulky and expensive multi effects processor.  Match that with the headphones jack, and you have the ultimate in practice machines.                  
This D.I. is well labeled, easy to read, and very intuitive.  If you can operate the most basic amp plate, this will be a breeze.  It will operate on batteries (9V).  I would recommend getting a 9V power cable with plug.  It will chew up a regular battery in 4 hrs. of use.                
This pedal is solid and sturdy.  Switches have great snap.  The pedal could use a guard, or barrier for the knobs.  I could see where you might accidentally bump one during the excitement of a gig.                
For the features, tone, adaptability to any board, style, environment I don't know of anything close to this pedal.  Quality from start to finish.  Even if you don't think you need a D.I. or a pedal...you need this.                
It's Ampeg, They have come a long way from 6 years ago, when they didn't care about their customer, but the value of their name.  The R&D department nailed it with this D.I.  I called them, just to see, and they were very helpful.  As far as Zzounds, they are awesome.  No complaints on either front.                
Completely blown away.  My band mates were stunned, and understood my elation.  I don't know that I have ever been this satisfied with any other piece of gear.  And that's making a statement, as I love all my equipment.                
I needed a D.I. box, but I wanted something with character.  It takes me years of research to buy something, I'm careful with my investments.  When these hit NAMM this year, they created such a buzz and caught my attention.  I am a professional, and have friends that are very in demand players.  After consulting with them, as they had hands on with the Scrambler D.I., I decided to go ahead and pull the trigger.  Was I ever glad.  The features are insane, the sound and functionality left me giddy.  Seriously, one of the best investments ever.                
Excellent product worth every penny and more. I'm getting some beautiful sounds from it. Ill be using this for many yrs.If you order this, be sure to get the 9 volt wall adapter. Batteries don't last long.                
I ordered this just for practicing with headphones. I've tried those smaller pocket sized headphone amps, but those aren't all that great. I couldn't really even get a good tone out of my bass amp's headphone output. It was ok, but not really good. The SCR-DI sounds great, and I got a pair of 32 ohm headphones to get enough volume. (My 60 ohm headphones weren't loud enough on the bass amp...). I also ordered the Boss PSA-120S adapter, after reading the other reviews here. No horrible noises at all, apparently a low battery is the cause of that. I highly recommend getting an adapter! The volume control for the aux input is a nice touch, something most headphone amps (and bass amps) don't have. I can turn it down quicker without clicking things on the computer to lower the line-out volume. I'm not a big fan of effects, and don't really use the Scrambler much, but it gives some decent distortion with the Blend knob turned way down. As of yet, I don't need the DI output, but it's there if I ever join a band. I haven't used it, so no idea how it sounds. I sometimes plug the Line Out into the effect return on my Fender Rumble 100, gives me a new amp! It's great during the day when I can make noise. The only negative, and a minor one maybe, is the internal jumper to set it for active or passive bass. I have one of each, so I'm putting together an attenuator for the active bass, so I don't have to open up the SCR-DI and move the jumper. An external switch would have been a good thing to have. Other than that, I love this thing, sounds great, even with headphones.                
The pedal has a buffered sound. When not using the preamp, you'll need to use another pedal to boost volume levels. That said, I love the tone stack. The SVT sound really comes through. I really like the way my bass sounds through it. Can't really say if the tone stack "colors" the bass tone. 
For my style and my current bass set up in praise and worship (Yamaha TRBX305 with Aguilar Super Doubles and a Seymour Duncan STC-3P), I begin with my EQ set to noon. If I'm using a lot of finger style that day, I'll boost the mids to about 1 or 2 o clock, and sometimes the bass to about 1 o clock. For slap and funk tones, I like to set the bass and treble to 1 o clock. and mids at noon.                 
I love that I can use it as a practice amp. We went through some struggles recently and had to get rid of a fender halfstack and found myself with nothing to practice with. This pedal made practice possible. I'm not really a fan of the overdrive circuit, and currently have a love/hate relationship with it. 
The ultra-hi and lo settings are interesting. I don't use the ultra hi boost, but the ultra low I'll use with overdrive to help make up for any bottom end I lose. Sometimes I'll use it too if I need thick bass for something slow but epic.
My only wish is that I could have slightly better EQ controls, specifically with the mids, maybe a parametric sweep, or even a switch with preset frequencies.                 
Very easy to use. Beware, if you put a battery into it, it will buffer your signal even if it's off. 
I really like that I can unscrew the back pack without the use of tools of any kinds. The rubber pads underneath are designed to also function as thumb screws, very easy to take off and replace, which makes replacing batteries on the fly a very simple task.                
The pedal feels heavy and tough, but I cannot yet speak on it's reliability although it hasn't failed yet.                
It's expensive but worth it.                
No real wow factor. It is a nice solid pedal but nothing crazy or particularly special about it.                
I love this pedal. My purpose for purchasing this pedal was to improve my bass tone. I figured the best way was to look for something I could use to split my signal between the stage amp and the house system at my church. I'm not a fan of the stage rig we use, so this pedal allows me to bypass the rig. The best part was the added unexpected bonus of total ground noise elimination! For some reason, utilizing the XLR output from the amp head to the house resulted in ungodly amounts of noise. I now get a cleaner signal to the house and can better control my volume (the stage rig is very old and has sensitive volume controls).                
I recently picked up an inexpensive Bugera rig for live gigs, which was great "oomf" for the price, but it didn't quite have the tone or character I wanted. Very flat sound, but affordable!
Enter the SCR-DI! I wanted something with some crunch built in, that also had DI out. But the headphone out and AUX in on this definitely peaked my interest, as its always nice to have after-hour practice options.
I plugged it into my head, and as soon as I switched it on I was in tone heaven. Even with the EQ settings all set flat, this box gave my bass tone that color and chunk I was looking for. Then of course with the Ultra Hi/Lo settings there's even more flexibility on how round, snappy, or smooth you want. The scrambler sounds great. I prefer the drive and blend both set to 12-o'clock, just to give some crunch on the top end, that gets more dirty the harder you play. Cranked all the way is almost fuzz territory.
The paint job makes it look plastic but it's a rugged all metal chassis so I'm sure this'll be part of my rig for a while. Overall I'm super pleased with this. Highly recommended if you're in need of a DI box or just looking for an all-in-one solution to make your rig sound more Ampeg-ish.                
This pedal makes my bass explode with awesome. It can melt face and make babies. The tones are very "tube driven" and the low and high boost really help out the passive pickups to give a serious thump. The Scrambler is great and the blend option helps out a lot.
There is the option of buying the preamp pedal and the scambler pedal separately at the same price, that's what i would recommend for pedalboards, way more options.                
This pre amp has really helped me shape a tone that I didn't know was available at this price. Its very fat and bright. The overdrive is also a keeper. The D.I. is also a dream for recording my exact sound. Built like a brick, (" I bet I could throw this over them mountains...")                
Right now I use it for practicing. I plug my guitar into my Hot Rod Plexi and run that through my Boss EQ and Reverb pedel. I plug my ipod into the aux in, then plug in my headphones and away I go...Private Practice ! Love It !!!                
The tones you can dial in on this pedal are amazing and very versatile.                
The aux in and headphone amp make this a must have for practice. The ultra low and ultra high switches add a buttery depth to the sound. The Scrambler circuit does not sound great and is very difficult to dial in.                
It is easy to dial in the EQ but dialing in the Scrambler circuit takes patience and perseverance.                
I am returning my second pedal for the same weird high pitched scream. Unusable because the scream is so loud and high pitched it makes you rip off headphones, and if playing through the front of house the sound engineer will mute you. Both pedals were barely used and very well cared for.                
This pedal would be worth the money twice over for the sounds it produces if it didn't have serious quality issues in the electrical circuit.                
I have not dealt with Ampeg because I have not owned it long enough to require dealing with them over dealing with the dealer.                
10 out of 10 for appeal. This product appears professionally built and designed. The knobs are smooth, the case is tough aluminum. The switches appear to be high quality. The purple LED is awesome and the EQ sounds amazing.                
The sound you can get from this pedal is amazing. It sounds just like playing through an Ampeg amp. However, the scrambler is very difficult to dial in and seems counterintuitive. The worst part about this pedal is the quality. I am on my second pedal after returning the first, and am having the same issue with this pedal. After a couple of minutes of playing through the pedal with the EQ on or off it shoots a building high pitch scream. Does not matter if using headphones or line out or XLR out. It sounds like a capacitor overloading or something to that effect. I am not willing to date more time on this pedal, which is a real bummer because of the amazing sounds you use can get out of it.                
Nice and loud. Kinda old school but nice. The only problem is my ERA control did not work                
ERA control not working                
Easy just take some time dialing it in                
Real nice pedal. I just wished it worked correctly                
If it worked as advertised it would be worth every penny. At least I think so from the sound examples on YouTube                
I didn't contact them                
It looks nice and has a nice sound that my other pedals don't do. So it wowed me so what                
I never had the ability to try this pedal so I watched every YouTube video I could and read every review that I found. The pedal hissed a lot even when tried 2 different power supplies. I could get pass that but the ERA control everyone was raving about didn't do anything to change the tone like in the YouTube vids. So I had was EQ and an overdrive sound if I cranked up the drive control. I think that this may be a defective unit but if it isn't it's not for me. I like the sound of the pedal. It has an old school type vibe and its loud but I need more tone shaping that the ERA control is suppose to provide. I will be returning this unit                
I received my first SCR-DI on a Thursday. Used it that night and loved. I went to use it Saturday night and all it would do is scream! It was like a loud capacitor discharge. I changed cables, basses, and everything I could think of and could not stop it. I called ZZOUNDS and exchanged it for another one. This one did the same thing right out of the box. I wished it had been OK. I really enjoyed using it the first night. ZZounds was GREAT dealing with it!                
It's what I expect from Ampeg! Quality, and great features. I was originally going to buy a mixer to blend my bass and iphone/pc for practice. I was digging around for something that foots the bill when I found this item! I ordered it quickly (and got it quickly). 
From a build standpoint, this this is heavy (read: rugged). The pots all feel smooth and the footswitches are solid. The sound is exactly what you expect from a company that specializing in a niche market. 
COMPLAINT: I did not know that AMPEG offers the power adapter (model # 2045758-00 for U.S.), and so I ordered a Boss PSA-120S, which was recommended by another user. The Boss works fine, but being a purist, I wish I had know earlier that I could order one by Ampeg. REALLY, it should not be an issue. 
All in all, great product!
I am GOING to recommend this product!                 
I was looking to buy several devises to mix signal and bass into headphones. This was a 'one size fits all' device for me. 
The sound is pure and clear. The thing is built like a tank. 
This is an AMPEG DI box/processor. It doesn't have all the bells and whistles of other brands, but if you after that AMPEG tone, here you go!
I bought a Eden RS410 to replace my svt15e. I put them side by side and tested them. I found the Ampeg 15 much much clearer than the RS410 by Eden. The Ampeg reproduced my basses sounds like the fret board the squeaking of the strings etc. I asked my wife to listen and she was amazed also. You can,t go wrong with the Ampeg SVT15E.                
Good                
Good                
Work of art                
A steal                
Owned 3 Years no problems                
I like tolex covering better than carpet. Best looking Cab available                
Very good                
I fell in love last night!!! I play bass in a country/classic rock band. I had been talked into other amps/cabs in the past. This time I was determined to get an Ampeg cabinet. I already own a SVT6 and a SVT3 amp. The SVT15 matches up with the amps perfectly! From the first song of the night I knew I had the "perfect" rig! WOW!!! I have finally found the sound I have been searching for. Big fat bottom end and mid/high end combo to die for.                 
The neutrik connection is a must for high power connections.                
Plug it in, adjust your tone to get the sound you want... enjoy!                
Solid construction, very dependable. It's an Ampeg... need I say more?                
As I said, I had been talked into other brands in the past... Hartke was the last. I'll take the Ampeg any day. Great value!!!                
I just got it, but ZZounds has been great!                
Great classic Ampeg look, solid construction, And that sound... I should have bought this years ago!!!                
It's a keeper. If and when I buy another cab, it will be another Ampeg. No doubt about it. It is light enough to carry anywhere(72lbs). I can't ever see being without this rig!                
This cab gets "nasty dirty" in a good way. I use 2 of them with a br2 head....... FREAKIN ROCKS                  
The 9 band is great, but being able to turn it off is cool as well.
You will have a good tone in under 5 minutes of getting it out of the box.                
This thing is built! You can feel it. Heavy case, and all the knobs, and faders are smooth as glass.                   
For the price you cant beat it. I'v been playing for over 30 years now. I have owned just about anything you can think of. I would have thought Ampeg could have sold this head for alot more than the asking price.                  
never used                 
It has this industrial look going on..                 
I will use this head for a long long time. I cantsee myself looking for anything else. Its perfect for what I am doing.                
Deep, Fat, Wet it's got it all. Ampeg sound is amazing                
It's a cab                
Built like a brick sh*thouse                
Quality for the value is amazing                
Not needed it but I've heard its great                
AMPEG QUALITY AMPEG SOUND                
AMAZING It sounds great for practice and Gigs                
I'd been using 1x12 cabs that had horns in them.  However the horns put out such a hiss, I'd always just dialed them to zero, which resulted in a stuffy, deadened sound.  Finally decided to switch to 2x10's with no horns and boy, do I ever love this speaker!  Lightweight, small, not ported, no horns... and sounds amazing!  Very full-spectrum sound.  
I am not using the matching head, I am using a TC Electronic BH250 which is a very good match.
I play an Ibanez bass that has bass, treble, and mid controls with a sweepable mid frequency, so I can pretty much dial in any sound I want... and this baby plays them ALL just right!  I can go deep, low and boomy, or I can dial it up and get that nice, tight 2x10 sound.  This cab does it all!
I have also turned it WAY up and MAN does this thing crank out the dB's!! whoever said it wasn't loud enough... maybe get yer ears checked?  I mean yeah, it's not for stadiums, but I'm thinking this think could manage a small club on it's own...
Very, very happy with my purchase. Probably going to buy a matching one so I can double-up if I really want a huge sound!  But right now, just this cab and my BH250 fills out my basement music studio and can keep up with drums and a whole band situation no problem.
Not the sexiest bit of kit, the retro silver thing is OK but I might have preferred something else, but I guess they gotta stick with the retro SVT look...
It's an Ampeg.  I run it throught the Micro amp.  I own the SVT 3 Pro and 810 cabs and also the 210 and Micro amp.  You can own the sound for $600 rather than $2200.  I use both all the time.  Both applications live and studio.  Recording with the Micro is perfect.                
Features great tone!                
Plug and play.                
No problems with any of my Ampeg stuff.                
You get what you pay for.  In the micro case...you actually get a little more.                
Loud Technologies....Have to rate them tops because I've only contacted them for replacement parts and received help.                
I am buying a second cab, so there you go.  Maybe it won't do your tour with it but for smaller live applications, recording and for practice, you need one too!

Buy it, if you want the Ampeg tone in a small package.                
The sound is rich and full. Amazing for a small portable cabinet.                
I'm using it with my Ampeg SVT Pro 3 head. The head is rated at 450 watts at 4 ohms or 275 watts at 8 ohms. If you daisy chain two of these speaker cabinets together the ohms drop to 4 and is capable of 400 watts max handling power. It's nice to be able to split the speaker placement locations....that gives an even fullness with a cabinet on both sides of the stage.                
The cabinet sounded good right out of the box and will sound better when the speakers are broken in a little more.....no rattles....just a good low end presence.                
Well made cabinet (Birch Plywood) and light (26 lbs)....this back of mine appreciates that.                
At $299/cabinet Ampeg is having a hard time keeping supplies in stock. The economy may be a bit down, but the demand for this cabinet is high.                
Haven't had any issues at all.                
Sometimes Good Things come in small packages.                
I'll stay with Ampeg for Bass products....why switch when you've found a good product.                
I purchased one of these Cabs last October to pair with my Ampeg PF-500 head.  The cab produces great sounds, although to my ears they tend to be a little "dark" and not too boomy.  Obviously a 210 tends to be more punchy, and recently I added a second Cab and what a difference!  It does seem to be a little underpowered IMO, but the Head I run at full capacity is 500 watts, and these Cabs when paired together can handle a 400 watt load.  I don't push them too hard, but with two cabs the highs tend to be brighter and crisper, the midrange is very present, a very "mid" voiced Cab-and as mentioned the low(s) are there (but don't get this Cab thinking it's bringing down the house!).  I love the cosmetics, and the facts each cab is only 25lbs!!!  Ampeg made another solid product (I heard the tolex wears off over time, but I tend to keep my cabs stationary in a jam room).                  
I run a GK800RB head, I have a brand new 15" Peavey Black Widow in a Carvin RL115 cab, that itself was a massive improvement, but I bought the Ampeg SVT210 to get my highs and a nice punch. OMG! First of all, these guys at zzsounds were amazingly easy to deal with, I ordered the cab late Monday, it was shipped Tuesday, I received it Wednesday! with the 4 payment option. that itself was incredible, I opened it up, set it up with my head and 15, turned it on and was totally blown away by the sound, what a bad-ass, ballsy sound!!!! Every review I read about this cab, not only from this site, but other companies too, is true, this cabinet kicks ass! Period!                 
This thing is great, small and light and it sounds like a mini 810. can't beat it for $300.                
This speaker cab sounds good, but it is far to quiet for anything other than playing in your living room, unless you plan to mic it all the time.  It also cost me $66.20 to return it.                
This cab sounds great. The perfect compromise between 15s and 10s.  I love it.
zZounds shipped fast and it arrived with zero issues!  It could only be better if I had two of them!                
The sound is awesome until you put some real power to them then they blow apart the brace breaks off and they rattle like crazy I returned one that arrived with a bad brace sent it back got another the first show I used it at the cab blew apart inside not worth the money                 
Welcome to the pros. If you are looking for that classic sound with the built in ability to dial in any tone, this is your head. As a professional musician that plays a lot of shows the fact that it fits inside a rack is great. Setup is a breeze, I have all of my road gear in a rack, just plug in the matched Ampeg classic 4 10 cabinet and your good to go. 10 min top set up/ break down time. Just remember to let those tubes warm up. This is the second SVT 3 I have owned. I had one early 1990's and it never let me down but it was made in USA. This unit is made over sea so time will tell the reliability.  I have always carried extra tubes with me just in case but have never had to use them in a emergency. I change them out once a year. Love zZounds they are great pay and play get the gear you need now at a great price.                 
if god played bass this is what he would use and how he would sound,ive been playing for 20 years and ive used everything from hartke,carvin,eden,aguilar,peavey..and im telling ya this head matched with the svt 810 classic cab its the ultimate in hard rock and country tone. there is flat out no comparison i dont even think the 2500$ ampeg svt tube classic sounds this good and ive used it too.                
the most useful features on this head is the boost buttons and the midrandge requency control,you can literally dial in any tone u need from a tight compressed fat country tone to a rip roaring metal tone using the tube drive knob.possibilites seem endless with this rig.                
its very easy to use all the knobs and switches are self explanitory just plug it to a cab set ur tone turn up ur volume and ur ready to go.                
this bass head is solid as a rock medium thick steel frame,tough knobs,heavyduty sliders on the eq.                
this head may be 800$ new but the thing is once you own it you'll most likely never need another one because its so touch and well made and the tone is amazing,and just because its only 450watts dont let it fool you you'll deffinately cut threw the stage mix regardless if ur lead player is using a marshall jcm2000 or not.                
ive never had to deal with ampeg because this product is so well made its never needed a repair                 
in all respect this peice of equiptment is phenominal,the tone is amazing,its beautiful in its simplicity,its very light weight and not to big or not to small in physical size.i could use my carvin or peavey but question is ,why would i when this sounds so much better?                
i expect to be satisfied with this unit for as long as im allowed to use it,it belongs to the drummer of my band whom owns his own sound buisness providing PA and backline gear for bands willing to pay the rental fee.But i do plan on buying my own & also the svt 8x10 classic cab.                
I have been a Musician and bass player for 36+ years Semi-pro and Now Pro player. I have played on everything you can think of, if you say it I have played it, plain and simple. I have only loved 2 amps in my whole life and when I gave up music years ago for a bit I sold the best amp in the world (Fender Bassman 100 1968 edition) and the second one was an Ampeg (don't remember the model but was tubes) this might be Love #3 but I knew that when I researched Heads, I went with the Pro 3 for weight for international shipping (touring) and I didn't go with the Pro 4. However I love the Pro 4 I figured I will try the Pro 3 and sure enough I was not let down by this unholy thunder I get from it, the guys in the band say they can feel their insides rumble when I crank this up, and things on the rehearsal walls tend to not stay on the walls. I only run an Alpha/Omega Dark Glass for some overdrive and Distortion punch in some parts of my playing. This thing has so many sounds and the EQ bar none is coolest thing, Right on the fly you can change your tone with a movement of the EQ. I will be thinking about getting a 2nd one for my rack because I love to have the thunder at my finger tips for those gigs that the sound guy is sleeping or playing words with friends! If you want a super heavy and flexible head and reliable then look no further. Ampeg has a history of making great amps, and Millions of players can't be wrong!                
After one year I get a very clean sound with almost limitless sound quality options.  Although with all of its options, you can get hiss by turning up the high frequencies too much.  Best if you balance out the EQ with the guitar tones and cabinet adjustments.                
Good features, especially the on the back which allow jacking into house systems & recording equipment. The "Frequency" switch seems to make little difference in sound quality. But, I'm still experimenting with various sound settings.                
After about 50 hours of use, I had to get a tube replaced. But, it may have been due to bumbing, as well as the one bad tube from the factory that day.  Since then (about 150 hours & several months), I've had no problems.                
When I first got my Ampeg, I thought "This sounds great!".  Everytime I play it,I hear from more & more converts saying the same.  And the price has gone up on it since I bought it about a year ago.                
I have not dealt with Ampeg directly, only the local retailer that sold me the equipment.  And after some initial "who has the amp?" mixups, they were pretty good.                
My SVT-3 Pro head, along with my BXT-410HL-4 cabinet, give me a great, unbeatable sound.                
This is a killer/ keeper system.  I'm very satisfied with it.                
this is by far one of the best sounding amps out there. i travel full time with this amp and it has been incredible. the versatility rocks. you can get any where from hard puchy tones, to awesome rock tones, to an incredibly smooth tone. i would recomend this amp to a anyone wanting to get sweet tone, especially for the money.                
an awesome feature is the foot switch. the foot switch rock because you can set your amp up for one smooth tone the kick in the eq for a sweet punchy tone, and when your done with a set you can just mute it and get off stage. for places you cant crank up your rig the direct out still gives you awesome tone. many amps that have direct out s@@k out all of your tone and leave you with a horrible sounding bass.                
this amp is made for the road. i travel full thime with it and it hasnt given me any trouble. i dropped the thing before and it barely made any marks on the amp, and still worked just as awesome.                
this amp is deffinately worth the money. other amps may cost a little less but you wont get near the quality or the tone.                
to be honest support isnt the best. if anyhting should happen to your amp and you have to send it in, dont plan on having it back for a couple of weeks.                
i personally think you have problems saying that an amp has sex appeal or that you could lust over it, but not too many other amps will give you the same tone for the money                
to be honest if i had the money i would buy an svt classic head right now but for 5 or 6 hundred dollars less, nothing comes close.                
I tried and tried and tried and even with the 9 band eq and a sans amp vt bass i just couldn't dial in the tone i wanted. Unpredictable, tone changes, volume drops, etc. Can't turn this amp up very loud without peaking, tubes blow easily. Doesn't seem to pump out alleged 450 watts of power.                 
As disappointed i am with this amp, i can't deny some of its useful features. Tuner out stays active even when mute button is on, 9band eq is nice for those looking for their perfect tone, switchable midrange is nice, and speakon / 1/4" speaker cable inputs a must                
so many tonal options, just couldn't find mine.                
just had my second one malfunction. first one had power issue, just wouldn't turn on. tried everything, different outlets, different cords, etc. only had that one for about a month. and NOW, my second one is making this really horrible scratchy poppy noise that gets worse the longer i have it on! Terrible. only reason i gave it a 2 instead of a 1 is because the construction of the amp itself and it's knobs levers switches are all very heavy duty and seem to be well made.                 
a thousand bucks for this piece of garbage? save yourself some money and go with a reliable solid state head.                
dealt with zzounds for the first amp that malfunctioned, and they were awesome. friendly, knowledgable support team, not on hold for very long before they picked up and helped me out. haven't dealt with ampeg- hoping they are the same way.                
amp looks great and is rack mountable.                
unsatisfied from the start. definitely looking to buy a different head now- probably a complete solid state. i chose this amp for it's tonal capabilies, which i will admit are vast, but the amp is difficult to use. poor craftsmanship and components are garbage. wouldn't pay over 300 dollars for an amp like this.                
Everything that a bass player needs PERIOD!                
Alot of options.                
SLM manufactured in St. Louis Mo. The best made.                
For the money, you get the power and tone!                
TOTL> Top of the line.                
I have had the Ampeg SVT410HE speakr cabinet long enough for two outdoor gigs. Using it with my Fender 400 Pro bass amp it has an incredible sound. Big, clear and immediate! This speaker cabinet is convenient to transport and set up. These 4 10's plus the 2 10's in the amp can produce not only the full, rich, and deep tones of the more lyrical songs but they can growl with the penetrating trebles for the more extreme rock pieces. This cabinet handled everything I could dish out including the huge tones on the E-sring.

I play the Fender Jazz Bass with the pre-amp pick-up. Fantastic combination!

I'm wondering just what this combo can't do.

The multiple and various jacks in the cabinet back provide ample configurations. Side cabinet handles are convenient and rugged.

The bottom rubber feet are large and hearty.                
Easy!

Yes!

Very easy!

Very short!

Clear!

Very playable!                
The craftmanship and design of this cabinet is simply and elegantly solid.                
Worth the money.                
Too soon to tell.                
This is just the best practical addition to my equipment needs.                
I am considering purchasing the Ampeg SVT15E Bass Cabinet to complete the best bass sound.                
The mids and low mids really punched out for my first outdoor gig with this thing.  I took it out of the box and played it that nite.  I also ran a 15" single out of my amp and it really rocks.  I would hate to be standing in front of this with my 500 watt amp cranked all up.  Punchy, Loud, aggressive, but at the same time, I can stick it in the living room and practice quietly at nite too.  It sounds great with my Ampeg PF500 amp.                
The box seems solid, the casters are a real plus and the grab handles are great. The speakon connectors are really good.  I didn't want to spend $20 on a speaker cord, but I did, and I won't be going back to 1/4" speaker plugs. I wish it had a matching cover that came with the unit.  I haven't got much satisfaction out of the high range adjustment, it seems to get a hiss if it is up too high, but I will tinker with it some more to dial it in.                
I combo'ed it with a 15" cabinet.  When I was using the 15" cab by itself, I was constantly over driving the speakers, but this cab will be hard to overdrive, and coupled with my 15" I get great lows and all the mids you can stand.                
I took this thing out of the box and gigged it that nite.  It is a nice made piece, but damn I wish it was USA made.  Next time I will pony up the extra bucks for the good old USA craftsmen who make the Heritage series. Product seems solid.                
Pretty good bang for the buck.                
Don't reckon I will need em anytime soon.                
Hard to beat the Ampeg name plate for sex appeal.  Maybe they could make some retro looking cabs with the same technology and equipment.                
I love it.  Wish I could have afforded the USA made stuff, wish it came with a cover, and a speakon cord but I love it anyway.  The sounds available are really limited only by your amp and style.                
This amp is amazing.  It's extremely versitle, great for playing alternative/metal.                
Not really any accessories, other than the wheels, but it is just a cab...                
Plug it in and you are ready to rip it up.                
No blemishes, and I've had no problems with it.                
It is a bit more expensive than the average amp, but ampeg privides the durability you can trust when purchasing equipment.                
Haven't dealt with any issues at all.                
When you see it in person, you'll know this thing is a beauty.  I keep it in my room, and the size of it is impressive by itself.  It'f real "sex appeal" comes in when it's played, and the deep bass tones kick in.                
I replaced defective Hartke VX 8-10 bottom with it. This Ampeg 4-10 cabinet weighs 90 lbs compared to hartke 8-10 bottom that weighted 140lbs. Talk about Ampeg quality!! The Hartke cabinet fell apart, literatly. Internal bracing broke loose on two different cabinets. Must be that "Made in China" craftsmanship.                
Has multipal input jacks on rear as well as adjustable horn pad. Hartke cab had one plastic 1/4 inch input jack. Cheap.                
90 lbs?? You can feel, see, hear......the quality. Hartke should take a few lessons from Ampeg. Built in the USA like a tank!                
Expensive, but well worth it. Ampeg is the best.                
Dealt with the company for information only. Very helpful. Hartke "lack of customer service dept." was another animal in itself. Stay away from them.                
Plain jane look about it, with that Ampeg badge. Rattles the walls.                
Ampeg gear is the best and used by the most in the industry. I will never change brands again.                
You can't beat the volume and punch this cab has to offer, unless you get the ampeg 8x10.                
I was upset that I had to buy a cable to go with it, so upset that I think it deserves an 8.                
You can give this guy a hell of a beating, and it'll beat you right back.                
Great Price.                
havent needed it.                
You'll have all the ladies swooning.                
It's an Ampeg.  Crystal clear sound. I crank it way up, and never distorts ot falters in any way.                
The horn can be adjusted to where you like it. Speakon or 1/4 inch inputs. Just a basic bass cab.                
I gave it a 9 becasue it's so dang heavy. So to use it, it takes effort to bring it to where I need it. After that it's plug and play.                
Well, this is the only area I was dissappointed in becasue of the covering. The covering is coming off in many spots.  This is not due to abuse or neglect. It's used regularly and is moved around a lot.  I think my Peavey held up better. The bulk of problems start when the covering got a little hot at outside gig. It tore from a zipper on a gig bag of my bass laying on top of it. The wood is good sturdy and the wheels help a lot.                
It's high end gear for the high end price. In the end everybody would like to pay less.                
 Never needed them with this or other Ampeg stuff I have had.                
This thing will work for ever. I won't buy another one unless I get another one just like it to stack! I just need to either cover it again or spray paint it. Thought about putting diamond plate on it.                
I drive this cab with an all tube 100W Ampeg V-4B. Nice clarity and detail. The low end is there but not boomy. The castors and tow bar are very handy. Plenty-O-Volume and air blast when she is cranked. Zzounds came in $100 less than everyone else which sealed the deal for me.                
The sound is the reason I bought this cab.  It's the only cab I could find that combines a punchy sound with fat/full low ends.                 
As far as bass cabinets go, it has the adjustible horn, speakon jacks, regular 1/4 jacks, what else do you need?                
Built like a tank! Covered in what appears as a light coat of PVC.  The heavy transport bar and built in wheels make this beast easy to move around.                
Sound is worth every penny. If I skimped, I would have to trade up eventually which we all you you lose when you start playing that game.                
No reason to call, no problems.                
After each jam/gig I can't wait to play through it again!  Above average visual appeal, amazing sound appeal - which is what drives me.                
Right now, I feel I never want to purchase another bass cab.  I've played 4 10"s that don't have the same low end, I've played many 15" that don't have the punch or the presence. This cabinet does it all and no need to cart around 2 stacks.  I was also very pleasantly suprised that this cab didn't distort at extreme volumes, just sound full/punchy/fat and great!!!!                
In my honest opinion, Ampeg IS the sound of bass.  Being the pioneer of bass amplification, Ampeg has the goods to deliver now and well into the future.  The 410HLF has tremendous low end, growly mids and pristene highs.  I am using it in conjunction with an Ampeg head and they go together sonically like a jacket and matching pants!!                
I appreciate the fact that it sits flat on the floor which helps transmit sound.  But if it has to be moved, just grab the rear mounted bar, tilt it back and away you go, effortlessly!                
The 410HLF is a Clydesdale among Shetlands!  Made to do the job.  It's definitely a road worthy piece of equipment.                
I compared this product with other cabinets (some priced higher) and this one was hands-down the best of the lot.                
I've owned Ampeg products in the past and have never had to call the company with any problems.                
This one is a keeper!  Considering the magnatude of the low end of this cabinet, for my purposes, I don't need a separate sub wooofer!                
The cab seems to adjust to your sound very well. Nice warm bluesy tone, sweet slap tone and takes tube overdrive well. Killer lows in a live setting and the horn control knob is great and solves the mudd problem when the lows are cranked!!                 
If this fell down my steps, I'd worry more about my steps or anyone in the way! It's built solid and still smells new after a year(i know, i'm weird)                 
Between the horn control, the ports, the connections and the quality, it's worth it.                
Smooth, sleek looks and I've found during many a show that the handle on the back is a good towelrack                
Sweet cab!! This will be a staple in my rig. If anything, I would add a sub and 2 tens just for the edge in a large open setting.                 
I use this as my sub-cabinet for my home studio system.crystal clear sound no distortion love it......................                
I found that I was blowing out speakers due to my down-tuning along with my extended range basses. I search the zZounds website and found exactly what I was looking for to pair up with my Ampeg SVT-CL. The cab is punchy, clear, pushes plenty of air, and gives depth when I hit that low A string. The pay as you play plan again made it possible for me to afford the gear I needed.                
I used to run 8 - 10s...and it kicked butt...BUT i went to a 5 string bass and grew tired of lugging  8 10s....I needed something smaller that can handle the LOWs of a 5 string bass... THIS IS IT....IT sounds thick and tight...easy to transport...the ports throw the lows well.... THIS IS THE REAL DEAL...well worth it.                
The sound on this amp is amazing, i used my Behringer BX3000T on it and it hits the lows really well and the highs to. And it can really handle the ultrabass mode on my Behringer.                
It pretty blane, but then again its a bass amp                
Its ok to use i just wish it had 4 wheels on it instead of 2. and its not that heavy, heavy is over 150 lbs at least.                
They did an excellence job on this amp. Every bass player should use this cause it fits with almost every kind of style of music.                
I wanted to actually buy one to own but holy mother of ..... that is kinda expensive for someone in college                
Dont know so ill just give it a 10                
No sex appeal but you could have that on top of this thing its so stout.                
The way they built this amp is Sweet, that is the reason i own an Ampeg but not this one yet i have a BSE-410H, basically the smaller verison of this one with less features. AND IT IS FOR SALE RIGHT NOW!                
The sound (particularly the low end) is simply incredible. I auditioned 2 of the top competing 4x10 speakers cabinets (Eden & SWR) and found the HLF to be superior in every way. IMO, it simply doesn't get any better than this.                
It's relativley heavy. But, the casters, back slide, and heavy duty side handles make it a breeze to move. The integrated horn and rear mounted attenuator are another exceptional feature of this cabinet.

Rear input/ouput jacks (1/4" or Speakon) allow total flexability when choosing speaker interconnect cables.

As easy a pie. Simply choose a quality 1/4" or Speakon cable...plug it in, set the horn attenuator to the desired level, and play.                
Cabinet construction is excellent. A clean non cluttered cosmetic design says "all business." The tolex covering is "tight" (no visible seams), Rear input/output jacks are of the highest quality and solidly mounted. Heavy Duty metal side handles, back slide handle, chrome corners, and casters are all of the highest quality. 

With all due respect to my former Peavey rig, Peavey cabinets are made from OSB, tolex seams are poor and subject to tearing, and plastic side handles which are prone to breakage.

Some folks seem to object to Ampeg's use of grill cloth (as opposed to metal grate.) I don't don't see this as a deficiency as there is no possibility of "rattle" with grill cloth and less chance of accidentally "poking" a speaker cone. Just use a good quality cover (or ATA case) and worry no more about the grill cloth.                
Well worth every cent I spent. IMO a superior product to similar Eden and SWR offerings at a lower price.                
Although I've never had a problem with the HLF, I did call support regarding an impedence question and received a rapid and courteous response.                
As mentioned, a clean, no nonsense appearance. The true "marvel" of this cabinet is the engineering that premits it to accurately reproduce a clean audible tone down to 28Hz.                 
I have no plans to replace this cabinet -ever. If I had to though, I would look no further than another HLF.

As mentioned, I am convinced that this cabinet is superior to both cpmparable Eden and SWR 410's (which I've not only auditioned, but used.) And, at a slightly lower price. Hard to beat that equation.                
Sound characteristics are superb - particularly with regard to low-end. Cabinet compares favorably to an 8x10 at a lower price point, and of course, superior portability. 5-String bassists will be particularly impressed with the sound reproduction of their low B string. Truly a wonderfully engineered piece of eqipment.                 
Despite its weight, the 410-HLF is quite portable as a result of integrating the rear casters + collapsable slide handle.

1/4" and/or speakon input/output jacks are a real "plus." In addition, the integrated horn and attenuator permit a variey of tonal adjustments.                
As easy as it gets !!                
Built like a tank -and- cosmetically appealing. "fit and finish" is excellent....exactly what one would expect from Ampeg.                
The "HLF" is worth every penny of it's price. Note too that Ampeg resale value is "second to none."                 
Have never had a problem with my 410-HLF(s.) However, prior service issues with Ampeg (2 in 40+ years) were handled expediently, and without issue. The 5-year guarantee is perhaps the best in the industry.                
As an "old pro," frankly, it's a bit difficult to find "sex appeal" in any piece of equipment. I tend to think of basses and amp/cabs as tools of my trade. 

I think, however, that the 410-HLF is a marvel with regard to its acoustically engineered ability to accurately reproduce excellent tonality down to 28Hz.                
Depending on the venue, I use either 1 or 2 410-HLFs (or 1 410-HLF with an SVT-18) coupled with an Ampeg SVT 4-PRO. I have no plans to ever replace either the amplifier or cabs. If, however, fate mandated replacement, I would once again purchase an identical Ampeg configuration.                 
For most bass players that play music in the most common genres (rock/alt/blues/soul/punk etc.) you cannot go wrong with the tone that this cab will put out. Use it with any SVT pro head and a Fender P-bass, J-bass or good quality bass and you will be in tone heaven.                
Standard features of a bass cab. 4 10" speakers, side handles, and rolling wheels (def a nice feature cause it's super heavey)                
The wheels def help...                
OK, so this is where my issues start. I'm on my second cabinet now from new. First one I blew 2 speakers after having it only 4 weeks, second one now I just blew another speaker after having it about 2 months. NOt quite sure what is going on. I use an SVT 3 Pro head, so I'm not pumping any crazy amount of amplitude through it. These issues just make me wonder about the "roadworthiness" of these cabs and how they will stand up to the test of time....                
If you can pick one up for around $500/$600, it is good value for money.                
Not dealt with Ampeg yet, just local dealer who were very helpful.                
It's a pretty boring design, but it's a classic...and classic is always SEXY!                
I'm going to give it one more shot at fixing the blown speaker, but if it goes again, I'll be onto to GK or SWR land....                
After a long absence from the music business, I set out on a quest for find an amp an cabinet setup that would rival my Acoustic 360 from "back in the day". I had played Ampeg back then, too, but found them to distort like everything else at high volume. I didn't think Ampeg would een be on my search list. After trying every brand and speaker combination available in stores, I purchased The SVT410HLF.

Loud and clear open E's as bassy as you can send to the cabinet.                
Has everything a cabinet should                
ease of use?  its a cabinet..PLUG the amp into it!                
a "9" because I've only had it a year.  So far...just fine                
you get what you pay for.  Pro gear costs more than geear for the basement.                
Called about an SVTpro4 head, good knowledge, but their first assumtion was I didn't have a clue how to use it....they were right, but they could have been kinder.                
let's just say I want a SECOND one.                
I'll likely keep it until death do us part                
Iplay it through a classic svt 300 watt tube amp. If god played bass (s)he'd play Ampeg.                
solid easy to understand simple                
a+                
very solid, I have no idea how that one guy managed to blow it up maybe he used the wrong omage??                
Its expensive but you can sell for almost what you'd payed for it so i guess its all good value (if you sell)                
donno havent had any problems yet                
i have it                
Has real deep tone for metal and if i want to play some funk is tweeky enough for pops.                
best tone I've ever had.....this thing moves air...classic ampeg tone....there are better horns out there but I hardly use it so I'm not going to knock off marks for that....I LOVE THIS CAB!!!!                
2 speakon conections, 2 quarter" conections plus a horn voume knob...the handles are great and the bar across the top is genious....get a cover for it though...tolex will rip and you must be careful with the cloth grill but i'm not complaining, it looks like classic ampeg...                
it's ampeg, it's quality!!!!

definetly worth every penny                
haven't needed it
                
put it to you this way....if some jerk off steals steals it from me (again), I'll go out and buy a new one                
best cab i've ever owned...better than any other 410 out there....I'M DEAD SERIOUS!!!!!
                
This amp has TONES of TONE!!

I've had mine for four years now and play usually two shows a weekend sometimes four. No Joke.

It still has so much volume, and I'm not referring to loudness which is without question loud! I'm referring to the expanse of the concussion and reverberation of the bass. I always say I don't play this bass, I feel it! On a normal basis I use the PR410HLF cab but when I really need to kickstart the earth's core and make everyones amps almost fall over I'll pair it with the SVT-410HE - Forget about it!                
I love being able to control my mainline out and stage volume seperately, EQ works great, Compression, I keep low bout 1/4. Brightness really does just that.                
It's all right there. Not complicated or full of gadgets. It's a Bass amp, ya just gotta find your tone.

All I've added was a KORG Tuner and the BBE.

Set it and forget it.                
It's a MAC Truck, has taken disturbing drops in the rack but never a glitch.                
Not cheap but ya get what ya play for.                
? Support for what ? Happy customer from the first day I rattled the house.                
Great looking in the rack.                
If this keeps performing a well as it has I don't see a need to look into anything else other than add another SVT IV Pro for the Festival and stadium stages. I and everyone else love this amp, the compliments are endless.                
Great sound quality and versatility. I'm using this amp for hard rock/blues, and could not be happier with the sound. Especially with the gain cranked up a bit for a little "growl".                
The only complaint might be that I think a foot switch should have been included for the price. I'm not really using this feature, however, so it's no big deal. Also, the amount of output options on this amp is incredible. Probably more than I would ever need, but it's nice to have them available.                
I've only had it for a few months, but it seems to be built very solidly. I've got it mounted in a ten space rack which took a spill from the top of a speaker stack during a show (from the massive low end vibration and poor stacking on my part). I finished the set with this amp laying upside down on the stage and it never hesitated at all! The rest of the band and the sound engineer didn't even know anything had happened!                
I guess this amp can be a little pricey for some (myself included), but you get what you pay for and I feel this was money well spent.                
I've heard that it's good, but I've had no need to contact them yet.                
I'm completely happy with this amp and don't have any plans to replace it anytime soon! I've heard some people say that the power rating on this amp is overstated. When used in the biamp configuration, it does seem a little quiet. But, when used in the bridged-mono setup, this thing comes alive!!                
I've had my eye this amp for quite some time, saw the special 12 month pay plan and decided to take the leap.  I've heard this amp in action and it sounds great Mono Bridged @ 1200 Watts RMS with a Gallien-Krueger Neo 412 Cabinet - rated for 1200 Watts RMS all night long and 2400 Watts Power Handling!  I'm still trying to get a hold of the Gallien-Krueger Neo 412 Cab.  I wish zZounds.com would carry them.  Listen, you can't go wrong by buying an SVT-4 Pro Bass Amp.  You can really feel the power of this amp.                
Awesome sound, temporarily using it with a small fender cabinet w/4-10's and this amp really enhances the sound quality.  Quick response and great control.  Features abound and this really makes live bass sound like recoreded base.  Even the rest of the band leaned toward my gear at the first gig, and said... "That thing really kicks".  

A tip with this amp... play with the adjustments, and turn the bass guitar all the way up to allow full instrument tone, adjust the "Gain" until the limit light blinks, then adjust final volume with the Master.  This made a major difference with my Rudy Sarzo Bass gutar.                
Great look on stage in my rack mount.  Looks to be built like a battleship. But I'm particular about my amp rig, so it will not be stashed in the equipment truck. Instead it will go home with me.                
Wished they had a customer service line on Saturdays.  I had some questions and there was no Hotline for me to call for direction.                
We play deep dark heavy blues, tuned to Drop C. Of all the heads I have played the 4-pro was far bigger sounding, and had all the punch I look for.                
I added the Ampeg foot switch for my mute and for the eq. it is worth looking into, it was the only thing I could think of out of the box that I wished for.                
This is a pro head, it took a couple of minutes of reading to understand setting it up, but once I started, it was easy, and it is worth reading, because this head is so versatile.                
Crash boom bang, life on the road happens, this head has been thru a ton, and is still working like day one.

Worst thing about the 4-pro, its heavy...                
Takes a licking, easy to set up, works hard as I do, yeah, great bang for the buck, that = great value in my book.                
I have only had one question for them, it was over the configuration of the mono bridge cable, and they were very helpful.                
Once I had heard the 4-pro I knew I had to have it.                
I have played the 4-pro for some time, and I can not ever think of a different head. I can and will always say, it is heavy, but it is worth the weight.                
killer low end power, good tube grind, great for rock, punk, metal anything that needs guts.                 
great EQ options 

easy to customize                 
Ive heard they can have issues but have never ran into one with daily use                 
much more natural sounding then anything Mesa makes for a lower price.                 
never had to deal with the company for any reason

good enough sign for me                 
Ampegs are hot                 
nothing suits my needs better                 
I've had other Ampeg speakers, SVT810 and 410HLF, and this speaker would seem like a compromise of the two, but it isn't. It has all the tone of the 810 and the low freq of the 410HLF with more volume. I like the way it projects to the entire room with clean, clear, deep power without being too loud in any one spot. I play with all my fingers and thumbs to get different textures of sound. This cab lets you do anything you want.                   
Speakon and quarter inch inputs. Cool rail sliders on back keeps you from doing a lot of damage loading in and out of vehicles. Towel bar and wheels work great on smooth surfaces. Would be better if wheels were larger in diameter. In grass, dirt, rocks, etc use a hand truck.                
Yeah, it's got powerful lows, mids, and highs. You can overdo it, but if you have half a brain and know anything about gain structure you can get killer sound.                
I've got one made with plywood. I hear some aren't. The grill on the front can be damaged easily, careful with that. Internal bracing is top notch, no rattles at all. Looks great.                
It is a premium speaker and I did pay dearly. Yeah, it is worth it.                
There wasn't a choice of "Don't Know". Never had to deal with them.                
You put one or more of these things behind you and everybody will know you came prepared. I push it with a vintage black face Hartke 3500. Excellence. This thing makes even me look good. It's just the right height too. Short cabs shoot the sound out to the audience but not up to you, which makes you play louder than you should. They are also harder to load into a truck or van or SUV. This one you just tip over and push. Done.                
I've owned many manufacturers' cabinets since 1967. I've even owned a couple of early 70's Ampeg 810's. Several of the speaker leads burned in two. Sold 'em for something else. Had an SVT410HLF, too short. Then came the chance to get the 610. This is the one. I play live and record with it. It fits me well.                  
I have been playing bass for about 15 years now and have had numerous bass rigs and Combo amps. This is my first Ampeg and I wish I had of got one from the get go. This cab is sick! It has amazing Lows for 10" Drivers, which I have never been able to get with any 410 cab. Have always needed a 15 to get a decent sound. I can use this cab alone for most indoor shows and have no problem filling the room. Will still drag out a 15 for outdoor shows but this cab is def my Main now.                 
Awesome cabinet! Killer tone, very well built. Couldn't be happier!                
I don't give 10's.  This thing sounds amazing though.  Punchy and deep and loud.  Does the job admirably.                
OK, so here's a 10.  This thing has neutrik jacks and a horn attenuator.  What else do you need?

I do like the handle and wheels.  They make it relatively easy to lug around.  Also the rails on the basck are a big plus to protect the back from damage when sliding it in the back of my van.                
Another 10!  I mean, plug n play.  Duh.                  
The Tolex could be tougher, but otherwise it's pretty stout.                
I got mine used for $500.  I think it's a good value at that price :)                
Haven't dealt with them.                
Yup.                
Great cab.  Takes lots of power and puts out punchy sound.                
Alright so I bought this thinking that this item is perfect.  It is light-weight and produces 1000W of power!!!  Not to mention it is Ampeg which is known for its high quality sound and products!  Not to mention a lot of professional bass players run Ampeg systems and so bam!  I bought it and at first sight I loved it.  The sound that it produced was unbelievable.  I could not be happier.  Keep in mind I play a BC Rich Widow 5 String Bass through a Boss ME-50B pedal with a Sonic maximizer i428 through a Ampeg 410HLF cab.  So anyway first few practices go beautifully and I am stoked my band is stoked and then 4-6 practices later is when the problems begin.  In the middle of practice the Amp starts shutting itself off then back on.  It was getting really frustrating.  Some practices it happened and other times it did not.  I was getting really worried to because I just got this product and it is already causing me problems.  So anyway I played one gig with no problems and the very next practice it happened again.  I called up ZZounds and explained my problem and they said that it was fine and they would ship me a new one if I prepaid for it up front or just ship the one I have with me.  I prepaid for the new one to be sent to me and I got this one in with no problems. It has not cut out since and I hope it stays working for the years to come.                
I was a little skeptical about buying a D-Class amp, but pulled the trigger out of need and the convenience of the monthly installment plan. I'd read the reviews and when I received the amp head I fully checked it out. Guess what, the amp switched off repeatedly after about ten minutes of concert level playing. Thermal shutdown was not an option here. So I packed it up, notified Zzounds and shipped it off. They had a new one on my doorstep in 4 business days.
When I received and checked the second unit, no problems. I had a big casino show two days later and wanted the tone and look on top of my SVT Anniversary 810e cabinet, but I brought along my SWR Working Mans Head just in case. The SVT 7-Pro performed flawlessly. Nothing beats the tone. I am also a progressive rock guitarist and my well known friend runs two SVT 2-Pros *courtesy of Ampeg*, and the tone is killer. I have to say I didn't miss anything in tone not to mention the excessive weight and cost of the all tube version. I've only had it three weeks now, but 3 more shows (all out-door) and it hasn't skipped a beat. Thanks to Zzounds for getting me a replacement toot sweet!                
I bought a SVT-CL from ZZOUNDS and received it in just a few days.  I played in a band in the late 70's and 80's and always wanted this head as we are starting to play again and I can afford a SVT now.  I was really excited about getting this head and could not wait to try it out. I really liked the sound of the SVT through my Ampeg 8x10 cabinet.  My brother and I practiced  for almost 2hrs the night I got my head and the SVT shut down.  I turned it off for about 5 minutes and turned it on again and it lasted about 10 more minutes before it shut down again.  I could not believe this amp only lasted for 2 hours.  Contacted ZZOUNDS the next morning by email to tell them what happened.  By early afternoon, ZZOUNDS emailed me a UPS return slip thatI printed and boxed the SVT up and sent it back that evening.  I decided to get the SVT7PRO to replace the SVT-CL.(I just didn't trust the SVT-CL and the tube power after my short ownership)  The next day I get a email from ZZOUNDS that my new head was in route to me...they did not even wait to see the SVT-CL I was sending back and check to see if I had dropped the head and broke it or abused it. Now that is customer service! ZZOUNDS takes care of their customers. I got the SVT7PRO in just a few days and really like it.  To me it sounds as good as the SVT-CL. It sounds great for the style music we play(rock and roll, country). I have no complaints with this head. I have been playing this head for over a month now and no issues. I would recommend to everyone.                
I received the SVT7PRO well packaged and in perfect condition.                
Compared to the SVT-CL, I would choose the SVT7PRO.                
I have not dealt with AMPEG.                
I am through looking, for now, but if I buy anything else, it will be from ZZOUNDS!                
I've been playing bass for 34 years and gig several times a month. I typically use an Ampeg 8x10 cab with a 1978 Ampeg SVT head. Wanting lose some gear weight, but keep the tone, 

I bought an SVT 7 pro to try out. This thing rocks,and is lightweight! It has a gain and a master volume. It has very powerful eq and tone options. 

The built in compressor is, as Ampeg claims,very transparent. By using some compression you can really turn the gain up and avoid clipping the preamp. 

I a/b'd the vintage all tube ampeg with the svt-7 pro. As one might exepct,the vintage all tube SVT head is louder and has more warmth. That having been said 

the svt-7 pro has more versatile eq options IMO, and held it's own against the best. I will have no hesitation sitting this thing on top of my cabinet at the next gig.

At 15.5 lbs. versus 75 lbs. my back will love it.

I haven't tried recording using the "tube direct out", but based on what I've heard so far,and looking at the design, I expect that to be very useful in the studio.                
No support needed,but Ampeg has responded wellin the past.                
the sound and tone i get from this amp is unparalleled ,by far the best amp iv ever used , extremely versatile and will give you the tone you want no matter what style you play                 
plug in and play !                
sturdy and tough                 
its ampeg , there name is worth its wight in gold                 
extremely satisfied with this amp                 
After years of playing Mesa,Carvin,Fender, Line6 bass amps, I decided to give Ampeg a whirl again after once owning an SVTPro4. This 1000w amp combined with my SVT610 cab and a Fender American Deluxe Jazz 5 string bass is my dream rig.
Turn it on, dial it in and unleash the thunder. I can go from smooth R&B tones to bone-crushing overdriven rock mayhem. What else can a person ask for?
Thanks to Ampeg for double boxing this product and Zzounds for adding their shipping box. FedEx threw it over my 5' tall side yard fence in the middle of a heavy snow/rain storm. The outer box disintegrated upon retrieval, which had me in a fuming mad rage. No worries, the rest of the packaging saved the day.
I checked out a few videos on YouTube on the proper way to dial in your sound/gain structure and then I was up and running in less than 5 minutes.                
What more can I say... I has all of the power that I need and also gives that classic Ampeg sound whether I play though a small amp or an 8X10 cabinet... It just sounds great and has plenty of power for whatever you are playing through!!!                
The sound was bigger and better than I expected and I'm playing with a Peavy cabinet that doesn't even come close to the ampeg svt 810 cabinet, which I will be purchasing as soon as I pay this head off!                
great features cant wait to try it out to it's full capabilities! again as soon as I pay the head off I will buy the 810 svt cabinet!                 
very easy to use not complicated at all as I expected!
                
i recieved this product promptly after I ordered it within days It was packaged very well and free of any damages this is the best quality bass amp I have ever owned ampeg is number one in reputation and quality, for good reason and now I know!!!Love it!                
The Ampeg SVT-7PRO Bass Amp Head is a great head for a great price! and it was $50 cheaper than others i compared it to! some other vendors were even charging $100 more!                
No haven't needed any service, nor had any problems!                 
lightweight! powerful, sturdy! looks very cool!                
Very satisfied! cant wait to purchase the Ampeg SVT 810 cabinet, that will go great with the Ampeg SVT PRO-7 Head I bought!!!                
What a awesome amp head, I would have never dreamed that a small head like this could put out the power that it does!!!! Another thing, unlike alot of heads I've played through this still such a full sound at extremely low levels!! Ease of use and tonal variations are so awesome!!! I'm still playing around with it to see what else I can pull out of it!!! I'll let you guys know!!!!                
Combined with the 4x10 Heritage and Jazz Deluxe V I am able to cover a wide range of tone with minimal fiddling. I've owned a lot of rigs including expensive esoteric all tube set ups. This blows em all away. Also get consistent compliments on my tone - for the first time.                
Great Amp all the power and tone quality I need.                
This is the best power amp that I have ran thru ever!!!  Great tone no matter what kind of music I am playing... Light weight, but very powerful.. It plays my Ampeg 8x10 and sounds great!!                 
I received the first new head with a surprise. I took it to rehearsal, plugged it in and no sound. I was very upset but after speaking with customer service I shipped it back and received a replacement immediately. This units works fine and I am happy with the sound. The amp has good sound with eq flat and I love the compressor to tighten things up. I also use its headphone feature when practicing personally.                
This product has an overheating issue.It has great sound once you dial it in ,but that takes waay too long ,I gig regularly and I constantly have to mess with it.I know that in a perfect world you should be able to set it and forget it,but just constantly messingwith it is aggravating.Mine overheated and caught fire 1 year after purchase.They fixed it ,but now its even more annoying than it was before.I would NOT recommend this amp.                
First of all, big kudos to zZounds.com for a great deal and great customer service.  Really nice amp.  Gives a real nice Ampeg sound - comparable to SVT3Pro.  I like the smaller weight, although still feels very solid.  I would've actually liked it a tad smaller but much better than most others.  Fan is a little loud - not bad, just not silent.  Will not be a problem in live settings.  Also, I noticed a very small amount of noise - not unlike what you would get from a pedal - mostly when treble was high.  Again, would not be a problem live.  I mention these, but they are very slight, and I am pretty picky.  That said, I don't believe these are bad enough to return the head.  I am looking forward to gigging it soon.  Not sure if I want to rack it yet, so I wouldn't mind finding a nice bag for it.                
No eq, which other Ampeg heads have.  I don't think you will miss it.  I like the compressor.  Wouldn't mind an on board tuner.                
Pretty easy.  slight adjustments and you are sounding good.  Not a lot of knobs, so not too complicated.                
Fit and finish are great.  Have heard about some bad units, but so far no problems here.  Solid unit                
I think this is a pretty good value.  Class D - solid unit, ampeg tone, light weight.                 
A tad boxier and less flashy than some of the other Ampegs, but still and Ampeg and still a nice looking unit.                
Turns itself off if turned past half way and played for more than 45 minutes. Too bad I ran into this problem after the 30 days because I got the B stock. It doesn't happen if it's on low volume but what's the use of a 1000 watt practice amp. The sound was nice but having it cut out on me during a live performance was the end of my trust.                 
Great amp while it lasts. Ampegs tried and true tone section is awsome. Seems they dont do so well with the class D power amps. This amp has barely been pushed ( a year old)  through a PN-115HLF and what I have now is a $1700 fart machine. Cmon Ampeg, judging by all the electronics issues in reviews is it really worth that extra buck in profit by building in some foriegn slave camp just to f up your good name and and what was a great amp? You guys almost sunk before, lessons learned?  Ill have to replace this now, Mesa here I cone...                
True ampeg tone. I play mostly hardcore/metalcore type music and this does the job very well. Definitely a good choice if you're looking for high power and massive tone. The DI is great. Most gigs I'm running direct and use my ampeg 610 cab for stage volume. Haven't had a single issue trying to find my sound. 

Careful though, it does pack a large amount of power, almost destroyed my 610                
Definitely nice to have the headphone option which I use a lot for pre gig jamming. The frequency selector is nice and does change the tone a bit. And having 1 kilowatt of power is also a nice touch to have.                 
No learning curve here. Just plug it in. Make sure the voltage selector is correct in the back. Pluh in your guitar and flip the switch. If you've use an amp head before, then dialing in your tone won't be a problem for you.                 
Very well made. Sturdy and built like a tank. It's an ampeg so you know you're getting quality. I've been using it non stop on the road for about a month now with out a single issue. I carry a back up because you never know when you'll need one. It stays mounted in a rack with the latest included rack ears.  It's pretty easy on the back as well as its a pretty light little amp. Back mounted fan is always nice as opposed to GK which mount theirs on the top.                 
For what you pay, you're getting a lot. I've spent a lot of research trying to find the best amp for me. Features and wattage play a big roll in what I look for with amps, and this definitely has the most when compared to other 1000 watt heads in the same price range.                 
I've used them in the past. Calling them is the easiest route.                 
Not necessarily a sexy item, but does look nice in my rack and is very nice on my eyes                
I think this is a winner for me for awhile. Has all the power I need and is built like a tank. I'll probably only replace it if ampeg has a newer model with more power and same price. If it were stolen, I wouldn't hesitate to grab another one, it's perfect!                 
turned its self off after first time use sent back to factory they sent a new one now back in it goes i gig regularly and dont trust this head at all a shame because i have a 15" and 4x10 classic cabs very dissatified                
True ampeg tone. I play mostly hardcore/metalcore type music and this does the job very well. Definitely a good choice if you're looking for high power and massive tone. The DI is great. Most gigs I'm running direct and use my ampeg 610 cab for stage volume. Haven't had a single issue trying to find my sound. 

Careful though, it does pack a large amount of power, almost destroyed my 610                
Definitely nice to have the headphone option which I use a lot for pre gig jamming. The frequency selector is nice and does change the tone a bit. And having 1 kilowatt of power is also a nice touch to have.                 
No learning curve here. Just plug it in. Make sure the voltage selector is correct in the back. Pluh in your guitar and flip the switch. If you've use an amp head before, then dialing in your tone won't be a problem for you.                 
Very well made. Sturdy and built like a tank. It's an ampeg so you know you're getting quality. I've been using it non stop on the road for about a month now with out a single issue. I carry a back up because you never know when you'll need one. It stays mounted in a rack with the latest included rack ears.  It's pretty easy on the back as well as its a pretty light little amp. Back mounted fan is always nice as opposed to GK which mount theirs on the top.                 
For what you pay, you're getting a lot. I've spent a lot of research trying to find the best amp for me. Features and wattage play a big roll in what I look for with amps, and this definitely has the most when compared to other 1000 watt heads in the same price range.                 
I've used them in the past. Calling them is the easiest route.                 
Not necessarily a sexy item, but does look nice in my rack and is very nice on my eyes                
I think this is a winner for me for awhile. Has all the power I need and is built like a tank. I'll probably only replace it if ampeg has a newer model with more power and same price. If it were stolen, I wouldn't hesitate to grab another one, it's perfect!                 
it sounds ok but have to turn gain up almost wide open, wouldnt expect a 1000w to have such low power. I was dissappointed. I have a Hartke 350 watt that sounds 10 times better and better response. I bought this in May 2011 and it burned up 3 months later...Ampeg did replace it but I have the replacement in the original box...never used it since...looking to sell it, if I get 500 I will be happy                
apparently Ampeg used junk generic parts to build this amp.                
Burned out 3 months of use.....LOL JUNK                
Buy a Hartke, its cheaper better sound quality and more reliable                
yes I contacted Loud and they did replae the amp when it burned out, but took 4 weeks to get the replacement...good thing I kept my Hartke!                
no                
never buy Ampeg again                
I've been playing since 1976, and I'm not dead yet. My cabinets of choice have been Acoustic and boogies. I just bought the 810 Classic because I ordered the pf410 and honestly it was small yet not the oomph I need for a classic rock 80's LOUD club band.I drove myself crazy with the Heritage vs Classic question. I bought the Classic because 300 bucks is 300 bucks.. I cannot be happier. Took it out for the first time last night. All night long the oohs and ahs were amazing. punch, tone, I tilted it into the trunk of my Mercury marquis and boom a bungee strap and done. It;s like wheeling in a cart. I know great tone this has it in droves... I play a BBE AB preamp (300 dollars) a yamaha 3500s amp. run the 810 in stereo when I hit my digitech s100 for chorus etc... don't believe the Heritage deal...I'm sure it's great but if 300 bucks can pay some bills don't waste your money. I took my box, covered in a layer of really nice black duct tape and made my own cover...for 30 bucks.... sturdy, no tolex mishaps at all... plus all the gig bags get stowed in it while at the gig. Can't wait to get my accord station wagon up and running to make transport even easier..... thanks zZounds for payment plan too!                
I've only played my SVT-CL head out of Ampeg cabs, and the 8x10 is simply the best match for the amp.  It gives me my dream sound by handling the highs quite nicely wihtout sounding too sharp or caustic; the mids help my bass cut through my guitarist's screaming Marshall; and the lows are enough to handle the heaviest hitting drummers on the planet.  Oh, those lows!  Turn up as LOUD as you want and you will notice the lows are still clear--not soggy and undefined.  This amp will handle whatever you've got, and it doesn't stop delivering.  It's sound is BIG, BIG, BIG--you will not get lost amid the blissful chaos you and your bandmates create.  They will know you're there--but the 4x10s and even the 6x10s won't let you make that claim.  It also records quite well.  You can simply put a mic in front of a single speaker and be amazed when you hear the recording.  And you will know that you now sound like you think you should sound.  With the SVT-CL, this cab reproduces that sound you dream about in your head.  A wet dream come true!                
Simple.  The grab-bar/handle-thing on the back, along with the built-in coasters, make for easy maneuverability.                
Never met an Ampeg cab with a sound that sucked.  As I mentioned, a big head like the SVT-CL may be too much for smaller cabs to handle; but this cab is designed to handle Ampeg's best heads.  Plug in and play.                
We keep it in the studio, so the only time we'll ever move it is for gigs.  It's solid, heavy, and durable.                  
Worth the price.  The top-of-the-line 410 costs just as much as the 810.  The 610 is fifty bucks cheaper.  Go with the big daddy of them all and be happy.                
Haven't had to deal with support, yet.                
It ain't ugly.  Would it appear more appealing dressed in a metal grille with fuzzy carpet instead of cloth and tolex?  LISTEN to it and then ask yourself if you care what it looks like.                
I have no need for another rig.  To me, this one fits my playing perfectly, and it gives me and the band the sound that now plays a big role in defining us.  It growls, it roars, it cannot be beat.  If it were stolen (how can you lose something this big?), I would die.  There's no way I'd play out of a different cabinet.                  
beautiful                
great                
even though it is a tad bit on the pricey side, it is well worth it even though it's 165 lbs                
i have it and it is awesome                
only for the serious musicians who play quite a bit...but it absolutey  sucks to drag it around because of how big it is but that is well worth it to put out the sound you want for at venues. get it if you think you can handle it...                
Can't say enough about this cabinet, especially being able to use it to biamp by having the two separate 4 x 10 enclosures "together" and able to receive their own separate signal, or utilizing the full 8 x 10 ground shaking fury that Ampeg is known for! Glad I finally came back to Ampeg after years of trying other cabs that just can't match it. I would like to give a quick shout out to zZounds also, for their continued superior customer service when it comes to communication about your order etc., so you know exactly when to expect it on your door step. With the SVT cab mentioned above, it is delivered via freight, so get your hand truck ready, and the carrier that was used to deliver it to me was even courteous enough to have the driver call me personally, to let me know when he was 1/2 hour away from my home so I could watch for him. Just overall a great experience again from zZounds, as fortunately, I am a "repeat offender", and have utilized buying gear for years through them, without any issues at all. Thanks again and Rock On!                
Perfect, distinct Ampeg tone.  It fills the room and makes the crowd feel it in their core!                
The coolest feature aside from the tone is the wheels and push bar on the back.  Combined with the shape and foot holes at the top to saddle the amp, this monster is a dream to set up and tear down!  The Speakon connections are worry free and simple.                
It won't get any easier than this rig until Ampeg comes out with an inflatable model.                
It's built like a tank.  Treat it right and it will treat you right.  No worries about this thing falling apart or not standing up to road work.                
If you buy cheap, you'll buy twice.  Get this cabinet and your grandkids will be playing on it.                
No real experience here, but Ampeg's site and videos make shopping a breeze.  Left me with a clear choice.                
With this cabinet at the end of your cable, the crowd knows they're listening to a serious bass player.                
This is it; if you play live, you need this cabinet.  It's right at home next to a couple of Marshalls!                
I have owned Edens 2x10 cab, Fender Bassman 2x15, Peavey 2x10 1x18, a Line 6 LD400 with a Line 6 4x10 underneath and an Ampeg 4x10 cab. The Ampeg 8x10 is by far a better sounding cabinet.                 
Some comments I have read talk about the size and weight as a disadvantage, but to me, it is worth it for the difference in sound. Most bass cabinets are heavy anyway.                
Just plug it in and go.                
Superior construction and good solid components, built to take a beating.                
It may seem expensive, but comparable high quality cabinets cost as much if not more.                
No need for tech so far.                
Just the best bass cabinet in design and sound.                 
I really don't want any other amp, as this one is the best.                
its the best cabinet you can buy its worth every penny and its built to last forever!                
very responsive, great mids for cutting though the mix all while  retaining  that THUMP!!                
needs a tougher covering, I owned a svt 410 hlf  and it had same problem,                
no curve its a speaker cab it puts out what you dial in on your amp                 
looks amazing!!! just needs tougher covering                 
Its a tad expensive but oh so worth every penny                 
have not needed to                
Ya it an AMPEG look sweet on stage!!                
Wow I've played bass for 30+ years. owned many cabs and amps, I cant say enough about the sound AMAZING. the only thing I would like to see is tougher covering on cab it tears easy. its a tad heavy but it so worth it. the wheels and bar make it easy to roll around. I use an Ampeg SVT 7 PRO plenty of power for outside shows, you will  love the thump!!!!! this cab is amazing do yourself and favor and pick one up.                
I bought mine in Feb. 1990. I'm still giggin' with it today. I replaced the grill cloth because stuff happens. I replaced the speakers in '99 just because I wanted to. Out of all the different bass amps and cabinets I've tried, NOTHING, & I mean NOTHING comes close to the THUMP I get with this Cab.  And yes it does help that I have an Ampeg SVT II (1990) all tube 350watt head.                 
What else do you need. It has wheels, a push bar, and a input jack.                
I used this in the local club scene, as well as on the road. It's tough and rugged. It's a wonder Timex don't have stock AMPEG, but instead of "It takes a beatin and keep on tickin." they would say, " It takes a lumpin' and keeps on THUMPIN'!"                
Yes this product is on the upper price scale. I've had mine for 15 years now and I would get rid of it for ANYTHING!!!!!                
I needed to replace the emblem plate on the front. Mine was plastic and it had cracked. The company was great. Not only was I able to get a new plate quickly, I was able to get a metal one.  They rock!                
You can't mess with perfection. I don't want an amp that sticks out like a sore thumb on stage. I like to blend it into the shadows of the stage and let the people search for what in the world is that bass player playing through.                
FOREVER! 15 years and still going strong. The only thing I "don't like" is the weight. But that just goes with the great quality of the workmanship that goes into AMPEG!                
The tone is unbelievable. It is so loud it shakes you, and even at those extreme volumes, it still provides that lustrious tone ampeg is known for. The bass tones on it are unbelievable, the mids I dont ever really use, and the highs are punchy and loud. Speaking of loud, it is EXTREMELY loud! This amp can blast through both of my guitarist's half stacks easily. I use a the svt450 on it and its sounds great with my fender precision with round wound strings.                 
Im glad it is tolex instead of carpet because first of all, carpet just looks really tacky and cheap, and second of all, dog hair is horrible on carpetted amps. The wheels are the most useful things on this amp besides the speakers. It lets me simply and easily drag its massiveness onto stage with no cramps or hernias! The skid rails are great too.                
165lbs................                
Defanitely professional. Everything is still in place after dropping numerous times out of the trailer.                
$1400 is probably a bit too pricey for what its worth. I think 1000 is just fine. But seriousely, the tone is better than anything I have ever tried.                
I had a grand ol' time chatting with one of their employees.                
Um, when you touch its sexyness, the tolex is just a little sticky after hot shows in L.A.                 
Im glad I have this instead of hartke. Thats all I have to say. Thank you.                
After getting this Boom Box I asked myself why didn't I buy it sooner. The presence is so full sounding, and the response is so

immediate. This Cabinet will make your sound and playing better.

My Bandmates diffentially gave me smiles and nods of approval after playing just a few songs with it on the first day.                  
The reason I avoided getting one was the weight and size of it.

I found it easy to handle and not as heavy to lift as other Cabinets.

Reason being, the tilt back design with the high clearence wheels. Skid rails on the back if you encounter a few steps. This thing handles just like your rolling around a two wheeled Dolly. 

Lifting takes two people which is good. I always had to lift my 4 10 Cabinet alone and it's heavy by yourself. With the 8 10 someones always offering to help me lift it.                
The SVT IV PRO allows me a two different ways to connect the Cabinet.

Mono-bridge or Bi-amping between the 10's. I found I always went back to running Mono-bridge Mode. Having that additional Power seemed to work better for us in the mix. The soundman is combining the Backline and the Front sound together, I couldn't do that before with my Cabinets. Small or large Venues this Cabinet has sounded great.                  
I'd love to buy another one. The drummer said, one on each side of him would be just awesome. It's built like a Abrams Tank.

It's Big and Fast, and delivers a Powerful Punch, very imtimidating.

Anything good always has a good price. 

But, the value of being a bigger asset to the Band, is priceless.                   
Sad but true, when it was delivered it had a ding in the handle.

It didn't happen in shipping, it was assembled that way.

Arrangements where made and it was replaced.                
Years of gear changing has come to an end.

The SVT IV PRO with the SVT 810E works for me.                
no matter what sound you want, you're able to get it with this. You have a complete delivery of low-end frequencies as it gives all the high frequencies a bass guitar can reach.                
the handle bar and the skid rails and plate are really usefull, it helps preventing the cabinet from scratches and hits when loading/unloading it from whatever vehicle. the 2 tilt-back wheels help carrying this monster, while they let it stable when playing.                
the only thing i could reproach to the SVT-810e/av is that 165lbs is too heavy for this.                
really durable, everything is made and assembled with quality and precision                
for sure, this is the highest quality cabinet you can get on the market, but does is it really worth 1400$US? i think it's a bit too high.                
i never had experiences with it so i can't really tell, i'm not giving any note to this                
you'd be really almost scared to have 5 of these right in front of you                
as the grades are:  10 - the best, i chose it. the only one that could be considered better is the SVT-810 HPC,  just because it's 1500W rms  instead of 800.  for the rest i think it's clear: nothing's better than this earth moving bass bottom                
This is by far the best buy I have ever made .This amp is easy to use and  sounds great when put on top of an Ampeg svt-212 and hooked to a fender American pro jazz 4 or 5 with ernie ball flats. The folks here in the my part of the Hood county Texas know somebody is playing the bass.It doesn't have to be loud the tones that come out just move you.What a great product. thank you zZounds and Ampeg.                
The SVT has something that a SS bass amp will never have. The true sound of big tube power. That means great warm fat tone, rich with even order harmonics. When pushed the all tube front end will give you the sound that you have heard over and over again on recordings and live performances. A big sound with bite thats never sounds harsh and gets just the right amount of grit when you dig in with the pick or your fingers and the guitar volume full on. Back off your attack or roll back the volume and it cleans right up.                
You don't get a lot of fancy stuff like compressors or limiters.  What you do get is the famous Ampeg bass tone stack that other makers have tried to copy.  Two inputs (one padded) bass, mids (selectable freq), treble with ultra high and low boost switches.  An effects loop would be nice but I think once you play through one of these SVT heads you won't want or need effects.  The sound is just that good.                
The SVT will fight you every step of the way at first while you fuss with the gain and master volume. Forget the useless (for me) ultra low and hi switches. I set it pretty much flat and get the gain where where I like it, tweak the tone settings and fiddle with the gain again and then I set it where it breaks up a little and roll up the master.

It will take some time to dial it in.... but when you do, it's a great sound that never overpowers and sits in the mix just right. You get the sense that its there and you don't have to worry about it. You just have fun and play.                
It's an Ampeg!  This ones still made in the USA.  Built like a tank and weighs almost as much (85 lbs).  Every part of the amp looks like it's made from the best that could be had for what it needs to do.  The STV over the years has a proven track record on the road and on stages all over the world.  Provided parts are available, the thing could be used forever.  No backup amp need although keep a backup set of tubes.  Just in case.                
The SVT is at the top end of the price scale for a 300 watt amp.  However we are talking about a tube amp here.                
Unsure never had to call.  Ampeg is now owned by Loud Tech. so support still remains to be seen as far as Loud goes.                
Excuse Me!  This is an SVT! Who doesn't want one.                
I will keep it forever.  Its "the" bass sound.  Great classic tone for rock or blues.                
This is the thing that has defined my playing. the sonic quality is unbelievible. I have played many other rigs in my time but nothing has compaired to the SVT. things have come close but they always end up leaving a little to be desired. the only thing I can think might be better is the aquilar 680 and you still need a power amp with that and it costs just as much.                
everything a tube head should have and more.                
This thing is reliable. hasnt failed me in the 5 years I have owned it.                
for the money you cant get a better deal. as I said before aguilar might be better but you have to pay %250 more to get what this amp does.                
Havent had a problem yet but with other things ampeg has been great.                
come on its ampeg and its a classic.                
VERY satisfied with this. Been playing with it for years and it just keeps on pumping out the gloryious tube tone that is unatainable but solidstate anything.                
If you want classic Ampeg tone, you found it. I received mine on Friday, and did an outdoor gig on Sat. The sound and tone was awesome. I previously played through a Markbass 2x10 combo, with a hartke 115 on bottom. It sounded great, but I wanted to get that classic tone. After searching every  stomp box I could find, I realized you can't imitate true tube tone, without tubes. I paired the SVT Classic head with the SVT 410HLF cab. I play country and rock, and needed both bottom end and punchy tone. The sound is so even, you really dont need a comp. I did run a BBE sonic stomp on Saturday, although you prob. don't even need it. My Tech 21 VT Bass Deluxe sounds great with it too. Adds just enough grit for the rock tone I like.                 
Not a lot of extra's, but I don't really think you'll miss them. It sounds that good. There is a couple of pretty good videos on youtube that will give you some important info before you get yours, and will give you some pretty good sound clips. Search for SVT Heritage. It is the same head, just looks different.                
The Frequency knob confuses people. With Mid range set at 5 (or the 12 o'clock) position, you are neither boosting nor cutting the mids, so the Freq. selector knob doesn't do anything. You must boost or cut mids in order to hear what the Freqs. sound like. You will find YOUR sound. This thing is heavy. You will have to decide if heavy is worth your tone. For me, it was. It is also expensive, but again, sounds awesome !                
Only had a couple of days, but it seems to be built well.                
zZounds sells it for the same price as everyone else, except zZounds offers the payment plan.                
Hope I don't need them.                
Classic look...Nice. Looks nice sitting on stage !                
As long as it is reliable, it will be my amp of choice for a long time.                
The sound of this head is extemely classic. other solid state heads cant touch this one. The only thing that comes close to being "good" in comparison is a vintage accoustic head.                
pretty average sound the tone controls are unresponsive and when eq is set flat it sounds terrible....takes some work to set up and actually get a usable tone out of...even then it just doesnt have the best sound.

  it is loud at 300 watts but honestly at any thing above half volume the lower end begins to break down and really fall apart                
its a tube head...thats about it none of the qualitys that the old svt2 used to have. very unrelible until i switched mine out for an aguilar db 750 playing live shows was a nightmare and i was just waiting for it to blow...no cool compression or eq features                
its easy to turn on...awesome i jump for joy......not impressed                
id use most other cheaper heads over this if you want a real usa made  amp buy aguilar or much older ampeg...the newer ampeg is not at all what it used to be                
over priced and a waste of money                
i was soooo diapointed with this thing i just gave up and didnt contact them.....not there fault                
looks cool but looks aint everything                
it took me 5 months to be saick of this thing                
Even at quiet settings the rich yet restrained harmonies from the 4-valve preamp are alive.  This amp has the most incredible musical sounds that a bass amp can give.  And when cranked it sounds thunderous, no other word for it.  Even at its most heavily distorted it is pleasing on the ears.  Yet the beast can also play the cleanest, sweetest sounds with incredible accuracy.                 
2 channels can be blended for even thicker tube sound and greater tonal control.  The rocker switches give instant tonal changes on the fly, great for gigging, while keeping it all very simple.                
Turn it on, get incredible sounds.  Only a handful of knobs and switches means that any player can access the right tone with little effort.                  
Great quality, the thing will last for ever.  However as with most new tube amps it ships with fairy average sounding tubes.  The tubes are where the sound is made, so do yourself a favour and get some good quality preamp and power tubes.  You'll need 14 tubes in total!!                
This amp is worth whatever they decide to charge for it.  It is simply incredible.  By all accounts it sounds exactly like the original, and that is something that has never been beaten.                
I sent them a technical question on retubing but didn't receive an answer that day; however I haven't had any real problems to deal with them.                
This is like being invited into the real musician's club.  Or having your first beer.  Or like hearing music from your bass for the first time.                
This is THE bass guitar amplifier.  From sweet, musical ringing resonance, crystal clear yet mellow highs, unmatched mids on command at three frequency ranges, to incredible thunderous presence when cranked, there has never been an amp that matched the original SVT until now - the vintage reissue.  I have had mine a week and I am still gobsmacked.  If you are looking at spending serious dollars on a bass head, there is absolutely nothing else worth looking at.                
The SVT-VR amp Rocks, plain and simple. Been playing 50 years, owned many amps, but this is by far the best sounding of them all, BUT let me tell a story.
I bought the amp on the payment plan. No hassles, smooth deal. Amp arrived the next day (Wow). Uncrated it and set it up on the 810 box, It kept looking crooked!
Figured out the grill cloth was installed cockeyed. Contacted ZZ and Ampeg.
The return emails were flying. Apologies, offers, concerns, techs calling (again, Wow!)
Come to find out the grill was affixed with Velcro pads. I pushed it loose and reseated it. That simple, but the support and concern by both ZZ and Ampeg was outstanding. These people are straight up honest, and dedicated to their customers.
The amp is expensive, you can't say it isn't. But after playing this beast, you will soon understand why you did it.                 
The sound all cabinets aspire to.  That classic tone from the past, that nothing else can touch.                
The wheels and handle help manage this beast.  Without them it would be almost impossible.  Still...this cabinet is not for the faint.                
Pay less...get crap.  Your choice, not mine.                
With everything else I've owned (Hartke, Sunn, Carvin, Fender), you "pays your money you takes your chances."  Not with Ampeg,                
Hasn't broken yet...the best support I know of, not needing any.  :D                
If you're looking for hot chicks...this thing will help you work out and build muscles, but it won't attract any.  It's an amp, not a magic lamp.

But if you're looking for the best sound around...if tone and musicality is what you're trying to achieve, this cabinet paired with an Ampeg SVT-VR is a sure thing.                
Until I cannot handle it anymore, it will be my gig amp.  After that...well, it will sit in my basement and be my practice amp until I die or cannot play any more.  Life's too short, why settle for less?                
this tube amp sounds just like an ampeg should.It's a loud 100 watts.I've gigged it 3 times now and it seems to be improving each time.I went from 575 watts ss to this and was worried it couldn't keep up but it does in spades.I play a 5 string Am standard p bass with 2 TL 606 15 cabinets loaded with eminence drivers.                
The sound is SVT quality all the way. For those who love SVT tube tone, this has it in spades. And even though it is 1/3 the wattage of the 300w SVT, it can get plently loud, believe me. However, because of the lower wattage, and the updated controls (the new V4-B has a gain control), I can get that awesome cranked SVT grind at much lower volume levels.                
The V4-B is about half the weight of my SVT Classic (which makes it much easier to move around), and is rated at 100 watts, about a third of the SVT Classic. Although cosmetically, it is more of a match for the SVT AV cab, or the newly available 112 and 212 cabs, it still looks great sitting on my SVT 610 HLF Cab. I would like to see a V4-B in the Classic black cosmetics to match better, but it's close enough, and still looks great.  Ampeg has updated the control panel features a bit, which is a good thing in my opinion. Instead of the original identical dual inputs, there is one regular, and one  -15 dB for active basses. Also, instead of dual volume controls, there is gain and volume, which enables the player to get that SVT- like grind without having to max out the volume, a good thing, definitely.  The rest is about the same; ultra-hi, ultra-lo, and 3-freqency mid selector rocker switches above a three-band eq. which gives an ample amount of tone control. The back of the amp now has a balanced line out with ground lift which the original didn't have, and it has the usual pre-amp, and slaves outs, and power amp in. There is also 5  speaker outs for any speaker configuration you may have. I wish it had a speak-on connector, though, which is my preference over that 1/4" jack connections. However, the lack of a speak-on is probably because it's a 100w amp, rather than 300w or above, when it's more usual to see speak-ons.   Another thing to note is that this amp also lacks a cooling fan, which means it is dead quiet when turned on, which can be great in a recording environment. The chassis of the amp can also get quite hot after a few minutes of operation, though; this doesn't seem to be a problem, but it's something to be aware of.  There are no extra's like overdrive, etc. but the tone of the amp really makes up for any lack of features, in my opinion. You can use pedals for any other features you may want.                 
The controls are pretty straight-forward and simple (which I like), similar to an SVT Classic; you can get your preferred tone very quickly.                 
Unlike the original V4-B, although designed in the USA, this new one is manufactured in China.  I know this poses a problem for some who think only American made Ampegs are any good.  Although, I would love to see Ampeg go American in their manufacturing again, I think they are doing an overall good job in maintaining the quality control with the Chinese made products. All the Ampeg products I now own (I own quite a few) were made in either Korea or China, and the quality level and control is very good, and they've performed flawlessy for me.  It's amusing to me to hear people blasting Ampeg for it's Chinese manufacturing, and yet go out and get the latest Chinese made Apple product without batting an eye! Granted, not everything made in China is great, just like not everything made in America is great. So far, though, I've been pleased with the Ampegs made there. The V4-B appears to be a quality, well-made product, and has performed flawlessly for me in the short time I've had it. And based on what I've experienced with other Ampeg products, I expect it will continue to be great for a long time to come.                
I think this Ampeg is a good value for what it is: an all tube tone box, a veritable little brother to the SVT VR or Classic.  It appears to be high quality. Some may feel it's priced too high for a Chinese-made product, but I think if it were made in America, it would be priced a lot higher. So as long as the quality control is there, I feel the product is good value.                
I've called Ampeg tech support for different questions about their products, and I've always found them to be very responsive and helpful.                
Great Ampeg vintage sound and vibe...wow!!                
I was really excited to see Ampeg come out with a re-issue of this great head, so of course I had to jump at the chance to get one. After playing through it over the last month I can say that it is everything I was hoping for.  Great SVT tube tone,  but with half the weight of my full size SVT Classic head. And even though it is less powerful than my SVT classic (100w compared to 300w) it can get plenty loud.                
Ive had this amp for a few months with the intention of running guitar it easily does it. Clean is loud but not overbearing like most high gain guitar amps. Amp takes pedals like a dream. This amp is super loud wether bass or guitar the tone is there at loud volume however if you intend to record quiter it needs a little dial in here and there but not much at all. Im running it through a 4x12 8 ohm cab with celestion g12t-70s pretty good combo with any celestion but so far i have the tone ive been searching for forever. Anyone looking for a powerfull clean amp and running low tuned guitars (B or lower) should definitely try this amp.                
This amp is nothing but awesome.  The amp/cab match is perfect and sound amazing.  Best bass amp purchase I've ever made...ever!                
I'll start by saying that I've tried three of these amps to date. I know I'll be bucking the trend here, but they really leave a lot to be desired in terms of tone. I've gotten better tone out of a $400 Class "D" amp, to be honest. I'm guessing Ampeg figured they could sell these on nostalgia and retro styling alone. Let me clear, I WANTED to like this amp so badly. I had already purchased an SVT-212AV cabinet and really liked the idea of having a tube head to match it. Unfortunately, the V-4B reissue really lacks in the tone department. I've played an American Precision and Precision Bass Deluxe (P/J pickups) and the sound coming out of this amp was just disappointing. Sure, it got loud enough to compete with a drummer and two hard rock guitarists, but I always found myself tweaking the tone in search of definition and clarity. I like a bit of overdrive in my tone, but the grit coming out of the V-4B just sounded farty and generic. The same can be said for the clean tones, as well. Maybe I'm being too picky, but I drove myself crazy trying to dial in a pleasing tone. Bottom line: If retro looks and volume are your thing, then the V-4B might be for you. I would wait, however, until you can find a deal. Do not pay full price for this amp, because it will not hold its resale value. If, on the other, hand, you are looking for more pleasing tones and smoother overdrive, go for a Fender Bassman 100T.                
Transparent and flat.                
Routing, clocking, and sound.                
Relatively easy once everything is installed.                
Built tough. Brushed metal housing a quality connectors.                
Great value, especially considering the quality and flexibility (up to 32 output channels!).                
Haven’t used it yet,                
Very appealing. Looks good, sounds good, very low latency.                
Great interface. After installing the software and registering (which is, honestly, the most excruciating part), the Discrete 8 really has shown it’s flexibility and clarity.The mic preamps are clean and quiet. Not what I’d call characterful, but definitely transparent, even pushing a Shute SM7b. Routing is easy once you’ve figured out the control panel.Conversion seems to be on par with my Apogee and Lynx, though in comparison the Apogee is a little rounder, whereas the Antelope is a little more flat, at least to my ears.Antelopes clocking is definitely one of the best parts of this interface. Slaving other converters is a breeze, and the clock runs incredibly stable. Subjectively, it sounds to me like a veil was lifted off the audio and the high frequency info is more apparent, especially at 96Khz. Eventually I may upgrade again, but at the moment Antelope has really impressed me. Even if an upgrade happens, I’m happy to know I am still able to incorporate the Discrete 8 into my studio.                
At first, I was a bit confused with the setup of this product. I have the newest macbook pro with usb-c only. I had used a hub to connect my interface with. It would keep shutting off and restarting or the audio would skip in and out. This is apparently a know problem with usb hubs and antelope audio. After dishing out some more cash for Firewire and a single dedicated adapter, I've loved this product. It sounds so good where it really counts. I've used apogee and focusrite interfaces before. This is one of the best sounding. Though there was a slight learning curve, I love this product.                
only tip is keep making the best                
the effects are real i have waves slate ik multimedia dont get me wrong i like all those too i put antelope right up there with them thats saying a whole lot                
its a little too learn but just go to YouTube                 
yes yes yes                
yes                
everything they suppose to do and more                
the sound of my bass and fender roads coming through it                
i have always brought motu interfaces this is my first antelope i love it will always buy there tec service was the best                 
'm simply LOVING the Zen Tour. It's marketed as a portable device, but it has all the I/O I need for my small studio. Of course, the best thing about it is the sound! Pristine conversion, silent operation, gorgeous sound and plugins; you've engineered a beautiful circuit here.  
I had to adjust the crossover settings on my monitors to compensate for the bass response! Now I'm competitive with larger studios all iWho'd have imagined a box like this would ever exist just a few years ago! 
Oh, and of course, it's portable!
Only criticism is the lack of word clock out. But, I suppose that is on par with the price point. It's just sad not to get Antelope clocking throughout my whole rack! Hence, the 4 stars on features. Overall, this thing is a game changer! You won't be able to get mastering grade conversion and sound for close to this price. 
Also, zZounds is the best!                
Everything about this interface is amazing. I’ve dealt with antelope before because most of the studios I’ve been in has an Orion 32. This interface is unbelievably amazing.                
Bought... and Returned... Great sounds, features sound good, but nurfed performance on Windows due to not wanting to put in the work to make good Windows drivers. From their own FAQ "There are no plans to implement ThunderBolt support for Windows at this time. However, if there are recurrent questions about it and requests for it to be implemented, we will forward it as a suggestion to our development teams." I'm not paying for a sports car Audio Interface to drive it slow only on sundays... UAD has Windows Thunderbolt support... Sorry Antelope, great interface, handcuffed by you..                
If this is your first step into the “pro grade” audio interface territory than I cannot recommend any interface over this one. The reason you should be choosing this interface over alternatives from UA/Focustite/Presonus is the Clocking and AD/DA converters. These converters and clock work harmoniously to ensure that no matter what you record it will both go in and out of the box with perfect detail and clarity. Calling these converters “musical” is an understatement. This device is also stocked with their FPGA effects system that you access through the antelope control software. These effects (ranging from BAE 1073s, to STA-LEVEL, and any SSL eq you could dream for, not mentioning about 30 other compressors and EQs) all sound amazing and are truly a way to record straight into the box with anything you might need. This box is perfect and it amazes me everyday.                 
I ordered 2 of this because I wanted to go wireless. The range: pretty standard for most Bluetooth 4 series but you get a safe 50 ft distance. Quality: for the most part it will depend on your audio source and speakers but audio meets expectations of HD. Pairing: very easy to pair to a source and easy to link this two units for a stereo like music.(its mono but with two sides) Batery: this is where I think they are way behind, as a new product they stated that it can go UP TO 8 hours, reality is that you can get 7 and 6 if full volume from source, so 5 hours new & guñly charged you can count on that, but knowing that a mist gigs are testing and low volume for pre events etc. Definitely a down point this will kill this wonderful divice. Please make it at least 16 hours because once it gets older battery performance will decrease.                
They need to add low latency to it and it might work for karaoke. The music sounds good but it produces too much delay with vocals that it's almost useless.                
Great for bars and smaller venues when you want to spread out the sound without cranking your speakers. Outside, it's awesome when you have a clear shot from TX to RXs. Daisy-chained more loudspeakers on the business side of the units to cover about an acre with clear, crisp audio. Worked less effectively in an area with heavier vegetation. If you use this to EXPAND or COMPLIMENT your hard-wired set up, I am sure you will see the value in this product.                
I purchased this Alto Stealth Wireless System and the first time was a charm, Second time I was getting static tried different channels the same, So I ran XLR cables instead, tested in my own back yard 3 times, and could not get it to work properly even after changing channels per instructions.  It works but periodically the volume would go down when someone would walk between the speaker and the transmitter and gets periodically a static noise.  Between different attempts, I was afraid to use it at a couple of wedding receptions and ceremonies as I was convinced that the static noise would suddenly come and go right at the " I do " moment. Either I have a defective unit or this is how they work.  I tried contacting the manufacturer and so far no response.  I will sell the Alto Stealth wireless system for what ever I can get and take my losses. Until I sell it I will keep testing it and keep trying to contact the manufacturer.  In summary, I don't trust it and afraid to use it at an important event.  If you still happen to buy one test it right away and don't wait like I did to test it and not be able to send it back to Zzounds. Hope this helps!                
This is awesome!!!!!  I have used this system 4 times since I bought it and it is perfect!!!!!  I have used it out doors twice and indoors twice and it just works perfect!!!!!!  Used it on 2 - QSC K-12s  and 2- Bose L-1 Compacts.  Nothing but great sound!!!!                
For the price, they are great! As with most wireless devices, they are better and more dependable indoors. I have tested them both indoors, and outdoors as well as through walls, and they work extremely well up to 150-175 feet. There have been a few interference glitches where the music fades, or cuts out for a second, but that is only when I push the range.                
I've used this the same week I bought it. I've used it up to 200' maybe 250' with no issues. Very easy to use right out the box.                
I am very pleased with this wireless system and zZounds services. I will continue doing business zZounds.                 
So I read a lot of reviews and decided it was worth a try. I tried it in a ballroom with 700+ kids and had zero drop outs. The speakers were about 150-200 ft from the transmitter. Tried it at a wedding in a tent when the speaker was about 10 feet away from the transmitter and it would “pop” and drop out for a second from time to time. Over 5 hours it probably did it 15 times. The wind was a steady breeze so I’m sure that might have had something to do with it, but it was disappointing that it would do that so close. So it’s good for indoors, but I’m not using it again outdoors.                  
Use this system to set up a monitor link that was hard wired and somehow got terminated. Used the transmitter and one receiver and it works perfectly.This wireless system is very versatile on how it can be used. I may have to get a few of these to speed up my hookup time when I do sound re-enforcement with bands.                
This is a remarkable product for the price point. If you don't mind them cutting out occasionally then I'd say go for it. The next best option you're going to find is going to cost you 4x as much and you're only going to gain the extra 2-4%. 
Having wireless speakers is a game changer. Just keep in mind that you can't scan for a clear channel before using them so you're rolling the dice every single time. For me personally, having peace of mind and confidence in my equipment is very important so I ultimately went with Sennheiser after using these Alto's a few times. Still a remarkably good product for the price.                 
This product is very unpredictable and does not live up to what it says it can do. It seems to work best only when there is a clear line of sight meaning the system must be in the same room to work half way decent and to me I can run cable for all that. Dependability is way more important than time in my book. This system should only be used in emergency situations.                
Admittedly I should have done more research before impulsively purchasing this system for a multi room gig last summer.. but I didn't, and I rush shipped it... and it failed me right out of the box... at the worst possible time.. thank god I had a plan B ... Human Bodies absorb RF energy. when working and somebody walks past there is drop out.. put a ton of people between the receiver & sending units.. with cell phones.. and forget it.. waste of good $$$$$ maybe it will be good for a non professional situation where my reputation isn't on the line.                 
I purchased the initial Alto wireless speaker transmitter and receivers a few months ago. They have performed perfect. Clear sound and simple set up. The expansion packs allowed me to simplify hookup further. Front of house on one channel and Subs on the other. WORKS GREAT! I highly recommend this system.                
I have been trying for years to get a small monitor with enough power to be heard. We are a loud AC/DC tribute band. I have tried every 8-10 inch monitor out there that is reasonably priced and nothing cuts through. I bought one of these to give it a try and MAN it really worked well. Sound man used a X32 board I had the monitor on about 9 o'clock and it really came through. It was one of our louder clubs. I will be buying 3 more. Small, light weight and powerful. Only negative for me as with most speakers is in monitor mode the angle on the floor is not tilted up enough don't know why these manufacturers angle speakers so it hits you in the shins instead of the ears/face. Also if you try to tilt it more by wedging something under it the XLR cord gets in the way so I am going to use a 90 degree XLR that should fix it.                
This Interface is amazing! Glad i made the switch, my recordings are cleaner and sounding better than ever. Great price for what you actually get with this device.                
This interface hands down, is the best quality sounding interface i owned compared to Tascam, M-Audio, Avid and MOTU! when I plugged this in for the first time I immediately heard everything Ive been mission in sound quality!!!! I also own the apogee mic 96K and plan to upgrade to the plus model as well!! zZounds thank you for making this possible for me own this phenominal product with your easy payment plan!!!                
I went from a Fast Track Pro to the Apogee Duet. The sound immediately became noticeably clearer. I am very impressed with the build, and acoustic quality of the Duet. As far as the mobility... it can fit in any travel bag. Two words to best describe it is, quality and simplicity. I'm purchasing another one                
i tried all the other interfaces 1200 and under. wayyyy better glad i spent the extra.the adjusting levels on screen is simple . i like that better . .no looking back and forth at inter face and screen.good idea apogee                
So my apollo twin mk2 because I became more focused on getting a good sound out of it than actually writing anything. I decided, for the sake of my writing, that i'd get a no nonsense no frills usb microphone so I can focus on the only important thing. The music. This mic is smaller than you think. I'd say maybe an inch taller than a credit card and two thirds the width of one. It is plug and play (make sure you set your preferences to use this mic as your sound card) and easy to use when you follow the quick start manual. Mic is sturdy, with good weight. It doesn't feel like a hollow plastic mic as some in this category tend to be. The sound can only be described as "Solid". It is not hyped in anyway not is it overly bassy. Apogee did an awesome job with this capsule. The recording quality is clear and everything you need to make a great recording. This isn't just "Demo" good. I believe one can make a radio ready song with this mic (with the right knowledge). On acoustic guitar this mic is as accurate as it gets. Very clean and detailed sounding. On vocals it is the same. Not overly flattering but not lacking either. Just very accurate. Overall I give this mic 5 stars because it delivers on what it promises. I give 4 stars to its sound because it is accurate and solid but feel like 5 stars Is fitting if I felt the mic added something extra to the sound. If that's what you want then you may want to look elsewhere. I highly reccomend this bad boy to anyone looking to record with ease without sacrificing quality.                
I've been using Apogee product for about 10 years in music production because of the clear AD converters and this mic is very clear and superb quality for such a small mic and it gives me the portability to use it with my Ipad pro for mobile recording.                 
The performance II's are the best sounding heads I've come across in my lifetime of playing the drums.  They are durable, and have a great punch and make the tone of my drums something everyone complements.  I've used them live and in the studio, and nothing compares, not Remo, and certainly not Evans.  I've tried them all and let me tell you, if you want a professional sound in a drum head that you don't have to change out every couple of weeks because they cant take the pounding, these are the heads you want.  You won't be disappointed.                   
These Aquarian Performance 2 Clear Drumheads leave my drums sounding just right. No overtones and plenty of projection!  Absolutely "Perfect for Live or Studio"!  No Problem for any sound engineer with these heads!  For ME they're perfect.                  
I love these drum heads, They make an old cheap kit sound amazing. A lot of "Bang" for your buck.                
I used Evans heads for many years, after trying the Aquarian triple threat snare head I contacted a rep for Aquarian he told me to try the performance 2 head that was 3 years ago and I haven't looked back these heads have a great attack and it doesn't take much to get the perfect sound out of them if you are looking for a great head for your Tom's this is the way to go                
This is an awesome head. I bought it to put on my Mapex 22x16 Pro M bass. It's a maple shell and I wanted to play it without any of the add on dampeners. You know, no pillow or blanket or other gadgetry. I installed the Regulator on the resonant side along with an Aquarian Super Kick II (purchased from Zzounds at the same time). What a difference. I put the heads on, tuned them with a drum dial to 75 on the reso side and 78 on the batter. Wow! It sounds incredible. I am not using any other dampeners at all and the drum sounds like a bass guitar playing a really low note. So musical it's hard to believe. I now own the best sounding bass I ever heard. I've got a cheaper Mapex set that is a birch hybrid. I can't wait to try these heads out on it. Don't hesitate to by this head. You will be amazed!!                
it's a head...                
Put it on and play...                
Great looking easy to seat.                
Worth every penny.                
Reliable. No need to deal with the company.                
This is all I need                
I have used this resonant bass head on all of my drums for the past 10 years with the Aquarian  Super Kick II and I absolutely love the sound of these heads.  I currently have them on a Pearl 18X22 and a Tama !8X14.  Both sound amazing and Zzounds is amazing with their fast shipping and great pricing.  Love these guys and will do business with them again.  A lot of people carry the 22'' head but Zzounds was the only place that has 18'' heads.  Love This Product and this company.                 
I put this head a on relatively cheap bass drum today. I'm almost speechless. It sounds so good (with zero other muffling) that I had to write a review to make sure others know. 

I tuned it low and the resonant head just barely above it; It's 100% attack with plenty of "whoomf" to boot. It doesn't ring. It's probably perfect for recording, though MAYBE a little dry for live playing.

My guitarist looked at me after we played our first song and said "That bass drum is amazing. I can feel it in my chest."                
The muffling ring works. It was easy to tune (I did use a drum dial, but it was one time around to get close, one rotation to fine tune; total about 2 minutes)                
Put it on, crank it up. Thump.                
It's a thick drum head. I imagine it will last a long time.                
This head is pretty cheap compared to some other bass drum heads and it sounds awesome. You don't have to worry about your pillowing touching the head just right, or whether it moves when you beat on your drum.                 
haven't needed them.                
It's a drum head. It's not really sexy, but i guess with a clear drum head on the front it looks interesting to see the ring from the audience perspective.                
I'll beat a hole in it before I give it up.                
Over many years of playing and giging, the Super-Kick II has become my favorite batter side bass drum head.  Paired with the Aquarian Force II resonant side head, the sound is unbeatable.  No other damping is required.  Pull all that junk out of the inside of your kick drum and give it the sound it should have.                
Aquarian Super-Kick ll Bass Drum Heads are, in my opinion, the BEST kick heads on the market !! I've tried them all,and MY choice is the "Super-Kick ll ". Takes care of the overtones without sacrificing Depth, Clarity, & Punch !!                
I just purchased an aquarian super kick II drumhead, and sound is so deep and rich it sounds like a cannon,, its the best bass drumhead i have ever used,, and it sounds even better when miced.                
This head will make any kick drum sound great!                
I can't say enough about this drum head. It makes my drum sound fantastic. I was able to tune my Kick drum without any pillows or blankets or other junk in my drum. It sounds so musical I can't describe it. I paired it with a Regulator front head and it just has to be heard to be believed. I bought a second super Kick II for another set I have and will be buying a third one soon. I will probably never even try another head. The Aquarian Super Kick II, in my opinion, is the best there is!                
It's a head                
Simple, simple. I do recommend using a drum dial tuner but it's certainly not necessary.                 
Put a kick spot on it and it might last for years.                 
Worth way more than the price.                
Never needed to contact the company.                
Sex appeal? It's a drum head, dude.                
I may never try anything else.                 
IT REALLY WORKED, ELIMINATE BUZZING SOUNDS AND GAVE A DEEPER TONE. FORGET ALL THE MUFFLING PADS AND TAPES AND USE THE STUDIO RINGS VERY EASY TOO USE. ORDERD 9-25-13 DELIVERD IN 3 DAYS                
Excellent sound quality. I doubt anything could sound much better at three times the cost or more. Hook it into your word clock synced with your DAW and if you're not happy with that you either need to spend a lot more money or something is missing in your studio playback system.                
More features that you can possibly imagine, they pretty much covered every use scenario on this unit                
With this many features, there is a learning curve but having separate buttons and controls for each feature makes it easy and convenient to operate once you get used to it.                
All metal chassis and cover, well made and all knobs and buttons look very sturdy for heavy use. I have had absolutely no problems with the unit operationally.                
Excellent value for what you get.                
Not needed them, they seem to be attentive on the various forums and thier site deals with questions well.                
It's an interface, a good one at that. If you bought it for its looks you are probably not that serious about recording. It's a tool and compared to other tools of this nature it does a great job... OK, it looks cool too.                
I read the reviews, viewed videos and decided I would purchase this unit. I've had it for several months and I own several other interfaces to compare it to, including an Apollo Twin Duo. Quite frankly, it sounds as good or better than the Apollo and has a lot more flexability of use. As for the heat issue, It's been discussed at legnth on forums and my experience shows it to be just a couple of degrees warmer than the Twin operates. There is absolutely no danger of injury from touching the unit and I can hold it with both USB and A/C adapter plugged in operating headphones and at pretty high output. Not a problem holding it in my hand or resting my hand on top of it while working. I live in Florida, my studio is not that cold so I doubt it's going to be a problem. Converters are awesome, it's an neat unit for portable operation and it will work stand alone. Only complaint I have is the automatic input selector. If you plug in a mic cord, a mic input is automatically selected. I would like to see a manual overide so that you could manually swith to a line input without using a 1/4 TRS connector. Software is great, unit is well built with quality components and connectors and I'm keeping it in the arsenal. I love the Apollo as well and between the two, there isn't much you couldn't do. Definately a thumbs up.                
Love this interface.  Loses it's direction on PC so have to go into Windows audio window and make corrections so it grabs drivers.  Other than that it is wonderful.                
I was incredibly excited to pick this unit up after seeing it at Summer NAMM.  The excitement was short lived.  The unit gets INCREDIBLY hot, to the point that it would cause pain if touched and would heat up cables and dongles attached to it.  After just three days the buttons on the unit became unresponsive, even when triggered via the control software.  Most reviews online follow the same details. I picked up a Universal Audio Apollo Twin instead.                
The Beatstep Pro is easily the best purchase I’ve made in a long time. This controller has a ton of uses/functionality. I personally use it as a drum machine within Ableton. You have a pad on the beatstep pro assigned to a pad within ableton and trigger your drums sounds using the beatstep pros step sequencer. If you want to use your own drum sounds in your daw, I don’t know a better option. Thanks zZounds!                
While the DrumBrute isn't be all, end all drum machine it does a great job of being an classic X0X box with pretty darn good analog sound. And lots of voices! A lot of people are not fans of the first kick voice--I'm not either, on its own. However it is fantastic to layer as a top kick, to beef up the snare or layer under the clap. I love the hats, they unforgivingly dirty. All the other voices--even the zap, which when pitched down makes a fine little perc sound--find their way into my tracks consistantly. The DrumBrute sound is DRY. Much like other analog instruments. Much like the MicroBrute. Most of the time I end up using a lot of processing; however, the DrumBrute voices take to lots of processing very well. If you already have some good saturation, distortion, etc you can get a lot of different textures out of the DrumBrute.The master swing has a really nice groove to it + swing per track + individual track lengths + "note nudge" means you can really get some pretty natural grooves going. There is a lot unsaid here (invidual outs, master out multi mode filter, rolls/stutter, etc). For my money this is way more interesting than the TR-8.Just a note about my star ratings below. I gave the "sound" category a slightly low rating because some of the voices do have a limited sweet spots on the parameters--the DrumBrute isn't a sound deisgn power house. "Wow Factor" was low-ish because...well...I've owned and used a lot of drum machines. The DrumBrute didn't come crashing out the gate with unheard of features. But it is a workhorse drum machine that'll work for many people. If you want to get started making House or Techno and don't want to use a computer, you could do far, far worse than choosing a DrumBrute as a first drum machine.                
The DrumBrute is not a clone of any drum machine that I know of, and that uniqueness is what makes it such an interesting piece of gear. It is very well-constructed (solid, sturdy). The immediacy of the functions make it extremely fun to jam on and for playing live. Having individual outs expands the sonic potential which is great, since the sweet spots for each sound do seem a little elusive at times. Kick 1 and the snare are probably the weakest sounds, but sending through their separate outs can quickly remedy that.  Being truly analog, there's no saving of knob settings so I tend not to get caught up in the "how can I recall/recreate this live" way of thinking. Plenty of pattern/song memory though. It's also fun to trigger drum kits in a DAW (I use Ableton drum racks) since the pads send midi, and the note repeat/random functions also work via midi. It'd be nice if you could pan each sound you could apply the filter to your entire programmed sequence (which you can't do when using the individual I/O), but this is a minor gripe and at this price point you can't expect to have everything. For serious/experienced drum machine types, this may tend to seem like a less-serious option or something that would be nice to have second-hand, but if this is your first drum machine or if you're looking for a well-built, unique, and fun drum machine at a great price the DrumBrute is an excellent choice.                
The drumbrute was disappointing. Mine has something large and loose inside the case which prompted me to return it. So I can't say if mine was functioning properly, however I can say this: Unlike other Arturia products, the case is plastic, given the price that isn't unreasonable. The filter is supposed to be the same as the Minibrute, but the in both the high and low pass modes the sweep is minimal and the resonance is almost non-existant. Perhaps that was due to mine being defective. However given the limitations of the analog voices, your tone shaping options are very limited with the filter being marginally functional. The pads were also not responsive, the would only trigger 3 out of 5 times, and frequently double triggered. The note repeat function also failed to engage fifty percent of the time. The sequencer, which was the main point of interest for me, worked quite well, although the last step didn't always engage either. It is still remarkable they could make an analog drum machine for the price, but don't expect too much from it.                
The DrumBrute Impact for the price alone and features is worth getting. More punch on the kick and snares, the fm drum and distortion are amazing and the color feature is a game changer for this new DrumBrute.                 
i bought this because it looked like a great controller for the included software. 
i'd say it's a nice kb. feels better then a standard 49 key m-audio cheapie. 
the included software is great and the tight integration of the keyboard controls with the software is fantastic. 
for me this is a keeper and i'm selling off my other controllers and keyboards since i only need one good one to control software synths.                
Being almost completely unfamiliar with midi controllers, I will admit that I fretted with understanding what it all meant. 
I've been producing electronic music, very prolifically, for the past year or more. I was so used to plugging in 1/4 jacks from my synths into my interface and just recording directly into my DAW (Adobe Audition). It just worked.
But I new I needed more. I felt boxed in with my main go-to synth, and was running dry on ideas. That's what drew me to the Artuia Key-Lab. 5000 more sounds bundled in the package was a major selling point. 
But I was unsure how to get everything recording ready. This package came bundled with Ableton Live 9 Lite, so as a shot in the dark I downloaded it. 
Being new to the controller and DAW it was a bit of a headscratcher. But once I got everything ironed out it's not left center stage of my desk since. 
The key action is phenomenal for the price point, and pads and knobs and faders feel really good. If you need something more and especially new sounds, then this may be what you're looking for. 
I'm still studying it and putting it through its paces, but I feel like I got way more than what I paid for. 
I still love my old way of recording synths but I feel like this will prove to be the machine that will allow more growth and development in sound as an artist.                
I just received this today and it is very nice. I was using the Arturia Essentials 61 which isn't bad at all for the price but this mkii is much nicer. The keybed (semi weighted) is very nice and extremely responsive. The keys feel very sturdy unlike the Essentials line and it has aftertouch which the former also does not. It integrates even better with Analog Lab 3 and V Collection 6. I am currently running Reason 10 and it works much better than the Essentials for my DAW as well but it still doesn't recognize Reason as it does other DAWs to my understanding which is something Arturia should really consider and the only reason I didn't give it a 5 on ease of use. That being said, setting up my configs wasn't too much of a hassle. I have to say Arturia really nailed it with this controller. You want find anything close to it at its price point Well Done Arturia.                
Very nice build, great keybed. Huge step up from my Essentials 61. Seamless integration with V 6 collection/Analog Lab. Wish Arturia would focus more with integrating better with Reason but the configuration wasn't too bad to map. Arturia really hit it out of the park with this one.                
I recently purchased this awesome keyboard from zZounds music and have to say I am thrilled with it. I've heard some say the action is too heavy and others say it's too light. I've been playing my whole life and even though it may be a tad on the heavy side it plays beautifully. The key feel and sensitivity response are perfect. Out of the box and set up took me just over an hour. I'm using sonar platinum and have had no problems at all. I've yet to really dig into the control features and pads/knobs etc. but all I wanted really was a good quality controller that felt like a real piano. I got that and then some. Thanks again zZounds music for all that you do. Very satisfied.                
I bough this blemished from zZounds. However, there isn't a blemish on it and it was sparkling new, even factory plastic sealing keys etc everything intact. As it was preowned and returned it was registered to someone else, but zZounds and Arturia had that fixed in less than 2 weeks. I wanted a controller to control hardware synthesizers and while the assignability of controls on KeyLab can be complicated it is not unfathomable. I have gotten inside separate synthesizers programmed the KeyLab pads as program changes in each synth. However, I cannot get one buton access to each synth yet. This is easy to do in Analog Lab software that comes with this, so if I absolutely get stuck I will try Arturia support who again was right there about getting registration straightened out.  This is by far the best keyboard I have played on, is very sturdily constructed, and is just super far out and a very prfessional Midi controller, very premium quality. Again no problem being blemished, just saved me money.                 
I really enjoyed this product the keyboard came well built no problems what so ever opening the package at first look I love it's design the color it's well built metal and wood this thing is sturdy and it's the lightest 88 key keyboard I've had now turning on the device it lights up turns on and you get 9 faders 10 knobs 16 pads it is the complet workstation it's better than any midi controller out there on the market it really is now the key bed I have nothing but good things to say about to keybed best keybed on any controller by far it feels great under your fingers I own a Roland RD 64 and it has ivory weighted keys these keys feel almost as great the ivory is slightly better not by much the keys are great it comes with analog lab pianoteq5 uvi workstation Steinway model D I loved this product and encourage all of you that read this to get it worth the buy                 
For the money, it's a steal. The keys are small, but feel good and are much more playable than say a MicroKorg. I really like that I can take it wherever I go. The step sequencer is pretty cool too. I don't really care for pads on MIDI controllers, so I'm glad that Arturia went a different route with this.                 
First, it is important to realize that this is a monosynth with some interesting features such as variable waves that can be used in a lot of ways. I suggest using a simple approach when first making a basic sound then experimenting once you figure out the layout. The filters seem to have some very nice ways of fitting in, routing a signal to one or the other or both is a simple thing. I find the audio range to be suitable for  a lot of variation. I would say the sound is distinct in a way, yet familiar too. Once you begin massaging the sound you may discover that this is one powerful tool. The sound fits into the mix and still has a command presence if manipulated right. Arturia will address the quiet click sounds made when switching patches, I find it annoying and distracting.                
The modulation matrix is super cool and acts a a great tool for sound design. I have some modules that are patchable and running them in conjunction with the matrix is no problem. Saving the patches with a sequence is very nice, running external audio thru the system is nice indeed. The mahogany sides look spectacular and the sheer weight of the unit says it will survive a while sitting in the studio. There is no way I will cart this to a show unless I can get a helper! The noise generators are awesome and really add to the overall sound designs. (if you like that kind of stuff)                
This synth is one of the few that made me feel challenged as a programmer and the tactile feedback of hardware seem to force me to rethink my habits to an extent. I wonder if someone new to programming would think it easy to use this? Of course, getting the sounds I want has always taken some effort on pretty much any synth.                
This looks very nice, beautiful in fact. I noticed a very small area that looked a little less imposing but 98% of this keyboard is classic in design. Touching it is a pleasure. The sliders are probably a weak point but only the years will answer that.                
For 2k I am very impressed, if shown this in the 80's I would have expected to pay about 3.5k or more.                
I have an Arturia beatstep pro and it is still working perfectly and the matrix is just as solid if not more so. Hopefully Arturia will be there for us if we need them.                
This synth seems like some kind of sleek futuristic machine just waiting to get going. People seeing it said it looked like the controls for a jet or something...Once I set it in the studio it seemed to belong there, very iconic. A  rack with modules towers over it and the wires draping back and forth are not in my way at all. The modulation matrix is definitely a wow factor in it's self.                
I have owned and used many synthesizers in my time and sometimes I discover that it may take more than a few moves to make the sound I am looking for. The Matrixbrute is probably not a good choice for someone who has never programmed on a hard ware synth, because it can be complicated. A recent review on Sound on Sound mentioned that it took the reviewer several days to really grasp the matrixbrute's ability and make sounds they felt were very good.
I wanted the Matrixbrute to help me organize my audio material and connect my modular gear to and to give me sounds that are not presets made by others. Truthfully, I am not satisfied with all the presets from the factory, they will be replaced in time. Even ones I do not like demo the abilities of the synth in the hands of some creative people. I would say that this keyboard has a learning curve similar to the ARP 2600 in some ways.                
This amazing little synthesizer is super easy to get started on and is so intuitive itl take you no time at all to start developing your own sounds. I use it mainly for bass and synth leads, but have had luck making some interesting hi-hats and kicks as-well. You will be very happy with your purchase even before you start to get creative with the mod matrix. The sequencer they managed to incorporate into the machine makes everything so much fun and so opens up a whole other world of opportunities. The possibilities are endless, and I am now a die-hard fan of analog sound design.                  
This amazing little analog synthesizer is easily played right out of the box.  Plug it in and you are instantly creating sound from thin air.  It has very powerful ASDR faders that are sweetly smooth and are very sensitive.  It is truly amazing that this synth has the features it does, producing high quality sound, clean, clear and crisp with that beautiful grainy analog sound.  I would highly recommend it to others.  
I'm not a keyboard player. I am a guitarist who loves 70s electronica like Tangerine Dream, Kraftwerk, Klaus Schulze, Ashra, and a whole ton of others. I got this in hopes that I would be able to make those kinds of sounds. Well, I got what I wanted and then some. This is an incredible little synthesizer, incredible. Thick analog sounds that you could bathe in. An onboard step sequencer that is easy to figure out and fun to play. Knobs and switches all over the place that deform and reform the sounds. Everything you need to be your own sonic mad scientist. I'm already recording with it. This is simply brilliant. If you think you want one, get it.                 
This is my first real synth with no presets. Had fun with this right away. This is a great little synth for experimentation with the different wave forms and filters. Sequencer is a really cool feature that allows you to jam on a repeating pattern. Also can plug a guitar in for distortion and modulation.                
I've got quite a bit of experience with synths, and upon reading reviews and seeing videos of the MicroBrute, I realized this was an incredible deal. I've only received mine as of yesterday, and I've already wasted a ton of time adjusting preset patches and making my own. The build quality of this synth is incredible, and all the parameters meld well together to create a huge variety of sounds. The only cons I can see are the lack of a sine generator and a noise generator.                
This is not the best or the most expensive piece of analog gear, but it will not disappoint! I bought this to synthesize my basslines because I was sick of fiddling around with VSTs and clicking of the mouse. I can't see myself ever going back to the digital nonsense when I have this monster ready to go. The perfect piece of gear to start your analog collection with. ** Spolier alert, this is for sure more of a beast than the Minibrute =) **                
This little guy lives up to all the hype it has been getting-super fun, super easy to learn how to use the knobs, super crazy unique sounds, super affordable-this thing is changing my bands sound and I like it                
Amazing little analogue machine that does so much. The price is better than fair, the performance astounding, there are many youtube videos to work with so that your understanding and range is increased phenominally.                 
I'm not a keyboard player, but this thing is amazing to create crazy sounds. It'll fit perfectly as awesome background pads and highlight sounds.                
Comes with everything you need to start hooking up modules. The only extra you'll need is mounting screws--it comes with 8 but, if you're like me, you'll need a lot more. Right now I have a Moog Mother 32, a Lifeforms SV-1, A Pittsburgh Modular ring mod and several Synthrotek modules installed. It goes together in a snap and looks great. It comes with a power supply, connectors and lots of room. I couldn't be happier!                
For the price it is great.  And version 2 software is a better user experience IMHO.  I really like the compactness of the controller but would have liked to have 8 more pads switching gets a little irritating at times. 
 I owned Spark and sold it mostly because of the software...got Maschine and I like most of it except for creating songs in it...got SparkLe and like it about as much as Machine.  
My advice would be save up and get Ableton and a controller because you have a lot more flexibility in creating things. Then if you want a little drum machine on the side.  Get this. It's fun and pretty inexpensive.                
I did do a lot of research on this hybrid drum controller from Arturia, as this is an older product. So, I knew going in that I should be fairly pleased with the hardware/software. But the SparkLE more than exceeding my expectations! The size, fit & finish of the hardware is quite simply Amazing. I’d seen reviews that mentioned that the machine is well built, but that is sort of an understatement. It is rock-solid; with every knob, button, pad and every other part of the drum controller feels top-notch! We have a Maschine MK3, the Arturia SparkLE feels just as good (maybe even a bit better!) than the overall feel of that Maschine. Really! We just needed something more portable (comes with a nice quality zippered sleeve, nice touch, Arturia!) and simple to use with good software to do some of our beats on. It’s also reportedly great for live shows, too. I love the hardware... the software is good as well. We encountered a few little bugs, which were resolved with a quit & reopen of the Spark 2 software application, but this hybrid thing is so much fun to use! Comes with a ton of including and bonus expansions that all sound great, but if you have MPC waves/loops or any other sounds, you can import them into your Spark 2 projects to have an even more expansive sounds content bank. Awesome! Buy it!                 
Bottom line: This is a fantastic and powerful hybrid drum machine and it's crazy underpriced at $200. Buy one.Support:This is an older Arturia product, but they've updated the software since it's release and are at version 2.4 at the time of this review. There are both free and paid sound expansion packs available. Sounds:The sounds that come with this drum machine are stellar; no less than you would expect from Arturia. Samples, synths, physical modeling, REX files, and importing your own samples are all supported.Production:You can get a ton of work done with Spark and the SparkLE before ever having to touch a DAW. Sequencing, sound design, sample manipulation, and mixing can all be accomplished in the unit's "standalone" mode. Run it as a VST and it auto-syncs to your project tempo. Drag and drop your patterns as MIDI or audio right into your DAW, or track out the channels from Spark's mixer. The workflow is simple and frictionless and creating is fast and easy. Live performance:Velocity sensitive pads with aftertouch, on-the-fly sequence editing and recording, touch FX controls, sound parameters, mute/solo, and looping can all be done live. The Tone feature lets you play any tonal sound chromatically, like a "keyboard" mode. Quantization can be turned on or off in real time.Hardware:The build quality is excellent. Solid feel, quality components. Feels like it will last. Overall:This is an amazingly flexible and powerful drum machine. Unless your allergic to using a laptop, this is a much better buy than a hardware drum machine anywhere near this price. The price is admission is well worth the sounds alone, and you're getting excellent groovebox software and hardware along with it. Options from Akai MPC and NI Maschine just can't compete at this price.I've barely scratched the surface of what it can do, and I'm already incredibly impressed. The only thing I would wish for is a tap tempo feature (maybe in a firmware update?) but it's a small concession and easy to work around.                
Hard to set up and no help over the phone available.                
Arturia SparkLE , , , don't buy , , REAL CRAPI bought this 3 weeks ago ,,,if I had read auturias reviews a week before my purchase I would not have bought it ..half the ratings are 4 stars , the other half are one stars ....im with the one star customers .....you will read from arturas customers that support does not exist ,,, it really does not ,,,you really wonder if they read at all ,,,they send you back random things for your fix-up ,,,hears what my purchase does , , , the very first install worked fine , I was upgraded to SPARK 2 ,, and I loved it ,,,,,,and 3 weeks ago was the last time I could use SPARK-2 ,,, as I shut down the spark-2,,,, 3 weeks ago it froze ....and has never come back on ,,,I have spent about 8 hours watching my screen uninstall ,,re-install ,,uninstall again ,, uninstall ,,re-install ,,uninstall ,,re-install ,,it has given me a big pain in my ASS .....I can only run the cd install , to play with spark-1 , ,and that only runs in the demo mode ,,,support has been worthless ,, ,,So what did I get for my money ,,, NO SPARK-2 ,, I got the original spark demo version....If I can return it I will......maybe in a few years this will be improved ..I was ready to buy the arturia 49 key keyboard with the bitwig studio ,,, but I think I will find a better company ........                
I bought this guitar out of curiosity, it sounded like a deal to good to be true but I was quite pleasantly surprised. It is a verry nice little guitar, it is a smaller guitar so dont expect big sound but so was my first guitr so here is a comparison. I bought my first guitar in 1960, my family wasn't exactly poor but there was very little money for non necessity's but I worked that summer so I took half my check(17.99) and bought a cheap stella, my fingers still hurt when i think of that guitar, It was a beast, big neck high strings no truss rod crummy open tuning machines, the finish was almost non existent and that is what you pretty much got in those days if you couldn't afford Gibson or Gretsch or something. I would say this little guitar is about 100 times better than my stella, it plays well, the Finnish is really nice, nice tuners, two way truss rod,an electronic tuner, a surprisingly decent gig bag, its just a plain good deal. there is no comparison between inexpensive guitars back the and the ones they make now days, Kids can get a really playable guitar for not much money                
This was probably the 3rd or 4th time ordering from zzounds. My beloved synth arrived in a timely fashion- (warehouse is not far from my house). Enjoyed the free shipping and especially the awesome payment plans. I don't know of anywhere else who would do a 12 month zero interest plan on a new synth on the market. The arp synth arrived in its factory box that was damaged pretty bad. But luckily this synth comes in a hard shell case. All is good. And they offered a return if there were any issues. Overall great experience and now I have my favorite synth in my arsenal. Thing sounds amazing. All about duo phonic! This thing sounds like a beast. Perfect for any genre of EDM. Put a delay on it and patch the output into the input with the supplied patch cables and you are in heaven. Very sturdy and well built instrument. This thing screams on filter 1 with the overdrive switch on. Don't hesitate to buy! Make sure to price match! This synth is not a beginners synth. Has a bit of a learning curve if you are not a synthesist. But read the manual and you'll be there in no time.                 
While really not knowing anything really about synthesizers except for the Fusion classics of the 70's and Techno jams from my youth. I did some extensive research on the subject and came along the Arp. 
This Synth is awesome(like knock pictures off the wall awesome). 
Beware though it does have a learning curve. There are no presets,everything must be done by the user. After looking through the manual at patches I've made really cool sounds. There is also online patches you can look up.
I have had it for a month and I'm just getting the sounds I was looking for.
In closing I would recommend this synth to anyone. It is affordable for it's power and the fun seems to be limitless. If you're wanting straight out of the box sounds I would not recommend but if you want uniqueness and power, pick it up.                
Just got mine today from zZounds I can't believe how amazing this thing is. I can't stop playing it. It's nothing like modern synths it really is hands on just you, your fingers and the sliders. I've become fond of this style when it comes to synth for some reason. There's just something about the ARP it has such a personality in it's sound. I could name at least 10 other synths that can do an ARP sound but hearing the real thing do the sounds is so incredible. Manipulating the waves are incredible and the manual is pretty funny but well done. I highly recommend to read the manual before just diving in like we all love to do haha they even put a page in the book for people that want to dive in and not read through the manual. I LOVE THIS THING!!!!                 
Sound quality relies heavily on the type of tube in it.  Highly recommend Tung Sol or EH tubes                
The one with the Meter on it is more useful, but this one is fine.  I use the MP to add a tad bit more gain in the front of my chain on one of my amps.
I took away one star on this model because this one doesn't have the meter on it.                  
just turn the dials up or down                
never had any issues with it.  I have 4 and they are all working great                
Less than $50?  Worth it                
if you have questions, they take care of you                
To be honest, I have been recording with these preamps as the pre amps for my condenser mics, and I really like them.  I am actually blown away at how good they sound with the replacement tubes.                  
If you doubt that the tube in this makes any difference, try swapping the cheap, noisy Chinese tube in this with a Tung Sol of an Electro-harmonix 12AX7, and you will hear a monstrous difference.  I use the versions with the meter on it, and I installed latched Tung Sol tubes in two of them, and what a huge difference.  Sweet tone, low noise, and low microphonics.  
These preamps are great with great tubes in them.  I own 4 of them, and I have tried several tubes in each, and they all made a huge difference in the performance of each of the pre amps.  So, I highly recommend these pre amps, because they are a great price, very sturdy and can take a beating, and they sound great with a good tube.  
So, my suggestion is to keep at least one of these under $50 pre amps on hand, and make sure that you change the tube.  I know from my own experience and my own use that if you change the tube in this to a higher quality, lower microphonic tube, you will have a great little pre amp.                  
It can be a little noisy if you are not careful, but if you set it up right, no noise at all. As far as adding "tube" warmth, no. The tube is just for looks. Sounds fine though. I have a Motu 896HD and this sounds fairly close, maybe just a little darker.                
For the price, you get what you pay for. No complaints here.                
Plug it in and go, make sure not to crank either the input or output gain all the way and your fine.                
I've had mine for about a year now, no problems.                
Definite value. I have used the Berhinger equivalent and the blows it away.                 
Haven't needed it.                
It's actually a cool looking little guy.                
I don't regret the purchase, and I plan on buying Art product in the future for sure. I might even get another one of these too.                
I have always used this preamp because of space and protability. I have used it on lots of vocals and it still sounds great! I don't know why some user's hate on the sound...maybe they are doing something wrong. Check yourself but this preamp rocks.                
enough for me.                
you could use it blind.                
very sturdy could probably use it to hold up my truck.                
are you kidding...budget studios this is your preamp...trust me!                
haven't needed it yet.                
looks good next to the pc and other gear.                
not in the near future unless they drop the avalon or one of those preamps off the ssl g series consoles to under 100.00.                
I'm not an audio purest!

Though I listen to audio all the time.

Sounds great to me.

A simple preamp with the adjustments needed.

Includes the 48 volt phantom power for the new mics.

Wall wart power supply is included.
                
Simply adjust the gain and there you are.                
Great price for this little gem.

Worth over it's price many times over.                
Worked for about year and a half so far without any problems.                
Need a preamp, this here's sexy!                
Worked for almost 2 years so far.

Surly can't complain, and when it

does go out, should just need a tube.
                
It always sounded great until 2 months into use, I started hearing clicking, like there was a grounding problem although there was none.  I'd wait, and it would go away.  Then no sound came through at all after 4 months.                
There were no features, and that was exactly as I wanted.  It's simple and without unecessary frills.                
I hope that the other ones they make are of better quality than mine.  It seems fairly well built, but without any maltreatment whatsoever, it died after 4 months.  No bumps or light tapping or even transportation.  It never moved or had anything done to it other than semi-frequent usage.                
It's a great value if it continues to work.  I thought it sounded nice, with maybe too much emphasis on the low-end (probably meant to make it seem "warm," like people are calling it).  I think that it is well worth the money, but the risk of having it die has convinced me to try another cheap brand of preamp.                
Never called support because it was too cheap to worry about.                
The "I want it" factor really just comes down to "I want a replacement."  It's abscence is very saddening because it has deprived me of a functional microphone input for my system.  I depended on it, and now I have to use my guitar pedal as my input again, which is a tragedy.  I'm on a pathetically small budget, and it's functionality was integral to everything I do.                
Overall, a seven, because I liked it while it worked, and I assume that not all die so soon.  You won't experience any problems with its sound quality at all, unless the problems I had are product-wide, which I hope they are not.                
It sounded fine for the time being.                
Just the basics. +20 gain. Gain knob, output knob, phase switch and 48v power switch.

Does not have on off switch.                
Its a mic preamp, easy.                
IT DIED WITH IN 5 HOURS!

I recieved it, connected it up and tested my mic (shure sm7b) with it and had the right loudness. Then I tried to use it and my level was so low, but the preamp hiss hadn't changed. All settings where exactly as I left them. Even maxing out the preamp with +20 gain on did not yield enough. I see it as a tube problem. Very unhappy, I deserve it for spending such little and expecting it to work so well.                
If it just kept working I would be fine with it. Except it didnt.                
ARTs website doesn't even work right. Why bother even sending it back, I spent nothing on it. It will make a neat paper weight or door stop.                
Its black, its a box and its metal.                
Not happy with its usefull life. 5 hours and it craps out, even cheap Behringer gear gives you more time.                
Good sound, nothing wrong with it.                
It's small, I rap so I dunno how it works for those rock and roll people, but It just sits in my studio and I turn it on when I need to rap, and it works perfect.                
It's a great pre-amp.                
They miss spelled words in the User's Guide (lol even microphone, its still a good product)                
This is a great pre-amp. I was reading some of the reviews and I got a little worried about how good it would work. But it works great, I have no problems. It's small, but it's great for rappers, I dunno bout Rock and ish like that.                
This was the only thing I could complain about, great with a bass but a little airy and loud with anything else.                
Very basic and perfect for simple projects and use.                 
Nothing easier to use                
Seems very sturdy actually dropped it once and still worked as well as it did before. I'll give a little more use before I decide                
Best Preamp for the price.                
Havn't dealt with any yet.                
Decent little metal box, not ugly, I like how it looks with my stuff.                
I'm looking for another one not the best for what I personally need but still a good product.                
for the price i was expecting less but after the first try i was amazed how much it was getting my sound warm and clean. 

by the way ive read in an article by joe gore(tom waits guitar player) that this preamp was sounding 1/40th less good than his 

2000$ avalon preamp  -future music magazine august 2005                
all that i need 

but a vu meter would have been sweet                
well theres 5 buttons.. nothing complicated                
looks and feel very  fragile and it gets hot quickly                
the best you can have for that amount of money                
didnt need it yet                
some say it looks dull but i like its 70's gear style                
i give 9 for now but well see how far i go with it...looks very easy to break                
Does it's job, It's all metal not cheap plastic, works great                
The advertised specs on this model are exaggerated, expecially the S/N ratio. Simply put this is a very noisy unit. Put it on the front end of any size PA and "hiss" is loud.                
A set of level LED's would be nice.                
It's an EQ, not much to it.                
The product appears built well.                
I replaced this unit with a dbx and there's no comparison.                
Again a very noisy unit.                
Impeccable sound. Better than others in the same or higher prices.                
Good basic features.                
Very Easy                
Well-built like a tank. Durable on the road/studio.                
Big bang for the bucks.                
Ok.Good.                
I got it.                
For this price range, this equalizer is adaptable to all uses and functions. Input jack versatility is the key point here. High volume input and low noise output. A cream of crop for equalizers.                
Purchased the mic splitter to seperate the stage monitors from the front of the house so that we could have control of the stage sound. Works fantastic, now we can set our own monitor mix independent from FOH. No more trying to get the sound guys attention to change something on the fly, thanks to the mic splitter we have our own mixer on the stage with us in parallel with the FOH mixer. Best stage sound we have ever had ! A great investment.                
Does wht it says, it splits a balanced xlr signal two ways. In my case one line to my monitor mixer and the other to my presonous firestudio.                
Sound levels vary. Sometimes it passes full level, sometimes it attenuates, you just have to click the switch a couple of times to hear the difference.                
It sorely needs a separate led that stays dedicated to the a/b mode while you are in the y mode.                
The switches are too close together, and when you are in a hurry you can easily stomp both switches leaving you in a bad place. I rebuilt mine in a new box I got at radio shack, I chopped the board apart and split the switches farther apart. Much better.                
This brings up the other reason I had to rebuild it. The in-out jacks do not create a positive lock on your cables. More than once during a performance a cable would just fall loose. I replaced them with cheap jacks from radio shack which make a tight click when you insert the cable and they hold securely.                
Well it was cheap, but there isn't much to it. Having rebuilt this one I now know that I will be building my own from scratch very soon, so I can eliminate the level inconsistency problem. It doesn't bother me too bad because I am using an ART TPS2 tube preamp following the switch and that gives me quite a bit of tube compression. Great pre-amp!                
Honestly, I give them the benefit of the doubt, but I have not tried to contact them about my problems, what are they going to do? Short of a complete redesign there is nothing they could do.                
The unit hums and pops so loudly, could not use on stage. Cuts signal and power. Tried different gauge cables 18, 16, 12, 10, made no difference. Tried to use it to split speaker cabs, only one side would work.Lost the packaging as was on the road. Gusee what? cannot return                
The outputs and inputs were backwards. I had to reletter them after I finally realized the factory got it wrong. I know it's unbelivable, my  other band members didn't believe me either until I showed them. Also I finally  gave up due to unprecidented feedback coming from the my setup once I introduced this box. Whatever it was the 2nd unit I've  worked with. The first one didn't work, this  one did but input /outputs backwards. I'd stay away from it!!!!!                
I just bought it and will be looking for a differant one that will switch SILNTLY. I took the chance wilth the little to no info I could find on this and lost. What's with the big clunky bang when I switch the pedal? Guess you get what you pay for.                
The A/B-Y part is very nice. I can play in one or two amps at the same time . The LED light is working ... nice to know where you stand with this thing visually.                
It seems solid. I've only had it two days .                
I'd pay more for a silent switch that used good old American HARD steel screws (that won't strip after using them twice).                
If they'll eat my return postage I'll send it back to get a silent switch.                
Over the past year, I have bought pretty much one of every make of cheap tube preamp out there, including this one. How does it rate? The best of the bunch. Of course it is the most expensive... But you do get two channels. I like this unit, but would urge readers to change the tubes. The Chinese tubes in it are not that great and really do not let the unit sing. I use Mullards and and am very happy, especially at high plate voltage. The unit has a fairly shallow noise floor and so is not totally pro gear, but for the price, it is better than anything I have found.                 
Nice features, including the dual plate voltage. Have not fully tested out the digital features yet, though.                
Easy to use and a good manual.                
It is a well made medium quality unit. I think the weak link in all Art products seems to be the power supply and I would encourage users to run it through a power conditioner/filter system.                 
Solid value --this digital unit and the less expensive analogue sibling. If you have the cash, buy it.                
no experience                
Looks fine. I mean, it's a rack mount unit --what do you want?                
If I lost mine, I would replace it. Though, maybe not the digital version, depending on what converter I had at the time. But the preamp is best value for the money out there, if you are into the tube sound --which I am.                
This was a much better quality unit than I thought it would be. Very nice quality construction, and great usability. Sound is awesome - everything just works well, digital spdif outputs was a nice addition and I'm glad I got it with this option..                
I am currently working with the ART mic pre amp and it is an awsome piece of equipment.  It gave my condenser mics more room to breathe and it offers much more.  I am using it in my homme studio and will surely look into other ART products.  It fit my situation.                
No accessories bring used.                
The ART is user friendly.  Not complicated all you need is patience and apply your settings.  Adjusting your mixer and other equipment is vital, but the end result will is very positive.                
The ART mic pre amp seems to be very well made.  In my case it is rackmounted in my home studio, so it will surely stay in good condition. It looks good and the meters and led lights make it bright and easy to see from a distance.                
Absolutely.  Good deal.                
Have not dealt with the company.                
It's an eye opener.  It looks like it definetly belongs in a recording studio.                  
I have been using it for a couple of weeks, and I have gotten very positive results.                  
I was looking for a pre that would work and not take a chunk out of my paycheck, all the one at he sites I usually go to cost 80.00 on up to the "Holy jezzuz" level, I didn't need all of that for a Staton table with USB for the digitization of my albums, I seen the ad for this, and for the price I wasn't expecting allot, when I plugged it in I was very surprised, This thing not only worked but it worked real good, crisp, clear and I could dial it in with the addition of the the Gain-trim knob, the LEDs help you out two so you can maximize without going to far. for the money you cant get anything near this value. If you don't believe me, it will be your loss.. get this, you will not be disappointed.                
I have an old Pioneer PL12D deck. I recently had to replace my old Sony Amp. My new Sony amp has all the latest stuff but no phono input! So I purchased art DeeJayPrell Phono Preamp. Man, I'm happy! This more than does the job and the price was awesome. I'm playing Carly Simon "Anticipation" right now!                
This thing sounds better than it has a right to for the money. I've bought and returned several "budget audiophile" phono stages I didn't like as much as the ART. Nice, even tonal balance and reasonably open sound... Decent bass weight for a budget phono stage.                
Two capacitance choices and a switchable rumble filter can come in handy and are very nice bonuses at this price. The signal / clipping indicator is over the top for the price too. The gain control can be a little "tweaky". I would set it while shooting for the most balanced frequency responce, rather than just how loud you want it.                
Just plug it in and it works.                
The quality seems very nice for the price. It's mostly surface mount micro parts, but premium capacitors are used in the signal path for the RIAA EQ. Power regulation and filtering look better than average. The ART comes with a 1000 mA wall wart which is much beefier than what comes with most of the competition. No upgrade necessary for good sound. The signal to noise ratio is excellent.                
The ART is an unbeatable value. It outperforms some products selling for three times the price and more.                
n/a                
It's a nice looking little aluminum box. Nice little light show... The power LED can burn your eyes out...                 
Overall, it's just crazy good for the price. I'm sure there's some higher-end stuff out there that would sound a little better, but I've tried a few more expensive phono stages that weren't as good. I'm very happy with it and I'm done looking to upgrade. On top of that, the variable capacitance and rumble filter are really nice features you don't always get, even for significantly more money. This one's a no-brainer, unless you have a high-end system and are willing to spend much more.                
Sounds great: The S/N ratio is probably better than that of my turntable, or my cheapo receiver, so how can I complain?                
If this item had a power button or automatic off, I would have rated it higher: as it is, I had to rig one up from the wall so I could turn it on and off. Also it has selectable 100 and 200Pf capacitance, but no "normal" setting.                
Strictly plug and play.                
Hard to tell long-term reliability, since I have only had it a week, but it seems solidly-built.                
Yes, definitely worth it. The next best ones cost MUCH more ($150.00). There are cheaper ones but they can't match it in specs. I'd recommend it to anyone who bought a receiver without a Phono input.                
N/A                
Decent esthetics.                 
It does exactly what I expected it to do, and it was relatively inexpensive.                
We provided lighting and sound for another DJ a few weeks ago. We had a bad hum when we connected their laptop to our system. We worked on the grounding and minimized it but it sill bothered me. We have used our system with many laptops in the past but had never had this problem before. I purchased ART DTI Hum Eliminator. The two channel is great for most applications and I recommend every DJ and sound tech have one or two in their gig bag. I also purchased the 8 channel rack version for our outputs to eliminate potential ground loops with my powered speakers and subs. Great isolation transformer at a very good price for the quality.                
How much can one say about an isolating transformer?  It works, without introducing noise, and it was very reasonably priced.  It cured the ground loop on my Korean Washburn HB-35,                
It can handle 3 types of hardware on input and on output, and they can be mixed and matched.                
Duh. Just plug and unplug the jacks. Either turn down the vol when you do, or use an impulse suppressor.                 
It's pretty sturdy, although I wouldn't want to test that with a long drop onto concrete or marble.                
AT the sale price, great! At the usual price, I'd give it a seven out of ten.                
Not Applicable                
It's just a transformer, for heaven's sake!  It won't get you laid.                
The only thing I'd change would be to improve its physical stability. It's tiny footprint means that it overbalances easily, and falls off amps, tables, etc.; I usually just tape it in place.                
The design is for only removing ground loop type hum, mostly 60 cycle in character.  It does that very well. In my case, it did fully correct a problem associated with using an old style tube preamp in a modern cabled up world !  Hum virtually all disappeared.
A product that does all it says it is trying to do. Novices need to understand that this unit was never for any other kind of noise.                
multiple plug and play                
Insert in line and you are done.                  
Parts are everything with this kind of product. And the parts are good.                
Once a maker like ART has this being manufactured?  It can be done cheaply for them.  Price was kept relatively high for their profit.                
NA                
This is a miracle, should you really be battling groundloop.                
Should work longer than anything in the studio.                
I bought this box as a cheap stereo ground-lifting solution, and it does the job pretty well. It might seem common sense, but using the 1/4inch balanced inputs and non-balanced outputs sometime produces odd results.                
Bought this after my Behringer HA400 headphone amp bit the dust. I was a little apprehensive to spend more money but after receiving the ART HeadAmp I have no regrets. The quality difference between the two is obvious. Having both size plugs on the back is also a huge advantage, I'm never looking for those adapters that always seem to disappear.I can't say a bad thing about this unit. Sounds great, feels great, 3 year warranty... next time I will buy the ART unit the first time around!                
These are great ! I had a cheaper 25 dollar headphone amp that would distort at times. These have NO distortion and the sound quality is Phenomenal. Take it from me..pay a little more and buy this product. zZounds is great ! They always have excellent customer service ! This is the place to buy from !!! Thanks guys...                
Great service....I enjoy dealing with zz                
You could always go with the tube route but at some point there are only diminishing returns. I was pleasantly surprised with this item HOWEVER I would suggest that they add a power switch on the next model. My one complaint!                
Have to admit I was a bit suprised how solid this piece of equipment is built. It's small but packs a punch! Clear sound at all levels. I even turned everything up VERY loud and it performed extremely well!!                
Haven't had to use costumer support.                
It is what it  is. A small, 4 channel headphone amp....                
Sounds great and has plenty of volume.                 
Simple volume controls and that's it. Ialso like the option for 1/4" and 1/8" TRS outputs and inputs.                
Easy. Easy. Easy.                
It is built like a tank. The only issue I have is cosmetic: (Note to manufacturer: Large, bright numbers 1,2,3,4, identifying outputs on front would be helpful. The output volume knob numbers there cannot be read from more than a foot away.)                
Great price.                
I would replace it.                
Wife is hard of hearing. Regular headphones with volume control were not strong enough. By using the ART Headphone Amp, she can now hear the tv again using regular headphones. Works great.

Only suggestion, would be to install an on/off switch.                
Very sturdy unit                
I use the ART HeadAMP6 Pro 6-Channel Headphone Amplifier it sounds great easy to use. I rock out and record with my friends with out disturbing the family. I run a Tascam DP-32 mixer head phone out to the ART HeadAMP6 Pro 6-Channel Headphone Amplifier w/ a Roland TD-25KV electric drum set an Avid Eleven Rack and get the same sound I'd would as if I hooked headphones directly in to the mixer, TD-25KV, or the Eleven rack, sound doesn't change that's a plus in my book                
It's not Hi-Fi, it by no means sucks but I won't brag on the sound. It's full, raw and in your ears. What you put in is what you get out and recording on the go doesn't always yield the best results but whatever I can capture through mics, placement, and interface with the mercy of the room, this amp will faithfully reproduce it and I can't ask for more.                
Everything you need, nothing you don't. My favorite type of gear! Master Stereo in, and an individual AUX for each channel/player with an output on the front and back. Perfect. Stereo, Mono L/R, Dual Mono. Awesome. 2 stages of gain with bass/treble knobs, Master/AUX blending knob with level meters all around. Righteous. Lots of lights to make it look official when I'm workin, sold and sold! No but really the mono selections on the individual channels light up red(L) and blue(R) and I'd be lying if I said I don't like lighting the whole thing up when I'm working.                
I want to say it's point and shoot but with modern interfaces and digital internal routing (I use the Scarlett 18i20+Octopre) It's not quite as simple as plug and play, even with analog mixing, plan your routing to use this unit as intended. I use the 8 outputs of the 18i20 and have a snapshot of the direct out routing in the software. Once you have the routing for your needs it's as simple as hit the power, turn the master up and let individual adjust their channels to taste. Each knob is labeled plainly and levels let you know you're in business.                
Metal construction, knobs are solid with little if any play. I haven't noticed any. All the plugs are 5/10. Not loose, not tight, just right. With gain staging there's no need to crank this thing, so I haven't encountered distortion even for practice in a very small space with a full band. Acoustic drums and all. I'd say this thing is right on the money.                 
You can always get a Behringer, but where's the street cred? You don't need anything fancy, right? It's a headphone amp. But it would be nice to have personal monitoring without a routing nightmare of extensions and clip on amps with no control. That's not asking a lot! You shouldn't have to spend a lot. 90% of us will love this headphone amp. For a stage box, practice room, home studio, it fits the bill and it's all I'll ever use until I go digital. 10/10 would buy again.                
I hope I never need it. I'm very pleased with ART products and they haven't let me down yet.                 
Wow, ART makes great stuff at a great price! Already have a shopping list of their stuff for future upgrades because of their featureset philosophy and great prices. This thing made me a believer of in-ear monitoring as well as my bandmates. Plus it looks great in the rack!                
I bought this to fill out a mobile recording rack and have enough outputs for a typical band and having tested it out on the go it's the first of many ART products I'll be buying. For those of you looking for a mixer pre-wireless personal monitors, look no farther!                
Clean and plenty of volume ,, Bass and Treble controls a plus ,, lotta bang for the buck!!                
Decent sound and utility for the price.  Definitely worth the money.  Thinking about buying another.   Zzounds was fast...no problems.  

RPSGT88                
Decent features.  Enjoy the LED meters.  

RPSGT88                
Very convenient and easy to use if your source has XLR outputs.  

RPSGT88                
Pretty well made. No complaints.  

RPSGT88                
Decent value for the money.  

RPSGT88                
Have not needed assistance.                
Looks great. Rate it a solid 8 of 10.                  
The price was good, number of outputs more than other units, looked good, inputs XLR, it fit what I needed.  

i bought this to protect my Porter and Davies drum monitor as well as my Yamaha DTX 12 pad.  Works great. I just wish the  light was the brighter.  If I ever replace it I will get the upgrade that has the pull out tube lights.                 
I needed to get rid of stage clutter caused by having four direct boxes for the acoustic guitars used in my duo. The ART PDB4 does just that by having the inputs on the front and the the XLR outputs in the back, we just plug into the ART and leave the connections inside the rack pluged in. The only drawback that I have found, is the unit was picking up noise from the power supply for my mixer. I just moved things around in the rack and the noise went away. 
You probably wouldn't get any noise from the Radial rack mounted direct box, but it's $800 and the ART is $80. 
Overall, this piece works well and is a very good value.                 
I have the rode k2 tube mic going into this bad boy. And for the price your crazy not to get it. I love it and I haven't even changed the Chinese tubes out but I got a couple jjs on stand by. I researched a lot before I got this and I'm happy with my decision. Just wish it was 2 channel.                
This product is the best in its class. I have tried pretty much all the cheaper tube-based preamps and this product is by far the best. That said, the stock Chinese tubes are not very good and I would highly recommend upgrading them, preferably with vintage "New Old Stock" tubes. (12AT7 tubes work well, as well as many others in the general family that includes 12AX7's that are the stock item. Don't be afraid to experiment! I found a number of nice choices.)                
I have a slightly older Art MPA II digital unit and I was pleasantly surprised to discover that the new MPA II has better front-end gain. Same model names, but I guess Art has been quietly improving them.                
Best in class. When comparing prices with cheaper low-voltage units, remember that many of them are mono, and that this unit has two channels. It is worth the few extra dollars --for sure. As I said above, replace the tubes --easy to do and makes a big difference, given a good vintage tube.                
Basic design. Not "sexy" but functional. What more do you need?                
If lost, I would replace it. Many other tube preamps I would not replace...                
I use this mostly for stereo micing on acoustic guitar and drum overheads. I use a Universal Audio 710 for vocal recordings. I have usaed the ART for vocals but it doesn't quite do the job I want it to. But on acoustic guitar with 2 mics, it's amazing! There are lots of options for shaping a great sound. In stereo mode, the right channel output knob becomes a pan pot which I think is pretty cool. The mod-side matrix is also a great feature. I changed my tubes in this for a pair of EH 12AX7's and that really really helped too. I recommend anyone buying this to do the same.                
Lots of features for a preamp this cheap. I had to play around with them for a little while to really grasp it. But a lot can be achieved with this product.                
Great quality. Solid build.                
For under $300 this thing is a steal!                
This has a really sleek look on my rack. Looks very pro.                
This unit gets a ton of use in my studio. I have used and own high-end equipment and I still use this preamp a lot. If it breaks, I will buy another one. But I must say that this has given me not one single problem at all. Really great product and value.                
The sound overall is what you'd expect from an entry level mic pre.  Right channel is quieter than the left. I don't know why, but the left has a slight hum.  It is not that noticeable if you pay attention to your S/N ratios when recording. Sound is nice and warm and you can really focus on your mic's sound by using the low cut and impedance controls. Need to use the +20 gain a lot with dynamic mics, but with condensers you can get a quiet yet punchy signal without it.                
no accessories                
What you see is what you get in terms of the interface.  The manual needs to be rewritten for the current version of the unit.  It refers to switches by the meters that do not exist on the current unit.                
it is in a project studio now, no idea of its roadworthiness.  Seems to be reasonably solid construction.
                
excellent value for money.  If you are using mixer preamps for your vocals you will notice an instant improvement in intelligibility and clarity.  If, however, you are using a high end mic pre, you will be able to tolerate the MPA sound, but you will likely not be impressed.
                
haven't needed any support.                
ART makes decent looking gear.                
If it were lost or stolen, I'd probably take another step up the ladder of mic preamps and purchase something better.  That said, it is a good utility pre that is nice to have around for vocals, voiceovers, or acoustic recordings.                
Fantastic sounding unit. I bought it for the M/S mode, to use it with my Avantone CK40 stereo condenser mic, and in both normal and high plate voltage modes, it sounds incredible -- vibey and warm in normal, crystal clear and clean as a whistle in HPV -- but everything I use it on takes on this warm presence, bringing the sounds a little closer to me in a way where it feels like I can reach out and physically touch them. The DI is just as amazing; I may never use my Eden Navigator for bass again!                
I run a internet radio station, this preamp took live events to a amazing level. Mics never sounded better, no noise and very clear broadcasting in front of the stage. Going to Add one more to my rack very soon!In the studio this preamp also shines
Have not needed to contact support                
Overall this impressive mic pre-amp is very good. I had to exchange it for the ART Pro stereo EQ Compressor, because I made an error in choice of equipment, and it was not the correct device for what I am trying to do in my studio. MY FAULT!!! Otherwise this tube pre-amp is excellent to use with studio condenser mics that need 48VDC phantom power as well. You cannot get the warmth and resonance of tubes in a solid state device! That is where this unit is unique indeed. WZRF-LPFM                
This preamp, although priced well below the competition, does quite well in providing quality audio, substantial gain and variable controls (Impedance and low cut filter) features that create a value-packed item.  Only used it about a month in my home studio, but am very pleased with the results.                
Easy to learn layout, makes a world of difference for my little studio. Well worth the money.                
I am a proud owner and I love this amp and I ill spread the word as well as continue to order fromzZounds, again and again.                
Very easy.                
Excellent. Don't be afraid of the DA-AD conversion. This compressor is worth going out of the box. As long as your using high quality converters (Im using the EMU 1212 PCI-e) and your levels are set correctly you will be just fine. 
My signal chain is as follows: DA -> ART PRO MPA II -> ART PRO VLAII ->mixer ->AD ->DAW.
You will have to play around with the attack, release, ratio and threshold to find the best results. That simply comes with experimentation and trial and error.
Has all the features one needs to dial in good sounding compression. If I were to nip pick, It would be nice to have a side-chain input and high pass filter, but with this style of compression and at this price point its not really all that necessary. I have yet to use this on individual tracks in a mix but would like to experiment with that soon.                
Pretty easy. For mastering  I have found that attack times in the range of 30 - 50 ms and  release times from 150 - 500 ms will get you in the ballpark.  I tend to set my ratio very high to help me "hear" my attack and release, then when you find the music is pumping the way you want, back it off to a more suitable setting....generally 4:1 or lower.                
Its a tank. its a heavy metal box. Knobs and buttons feel high quality. Hopefully it will last and be reliable for years to come.                
For the price point of this compressor you cannot afford to not have one. This will give your mixes that vibe and sheen you've been looking for and add a nice analog quality that's difficult to achieve only using plugins.                
Never used them cant say.                
I've been mastering in the box and get pretty good results, so no, you don't absolutely need this compressor. But it does add that extra oomph to your mixes that I have not been able to find exclusively with plugins. So if you want that extra sparkle its definitely worth having.                
I purchased this compressor to be used in mastering. This is my first hardware compressor that I have ever worked with. Over the years I have built up a carefully select few of good, high quality mastering plugins. I have gotten great results and my clients have been happy.
However I felt it was time to jump into the analog world and add some hardware flavor into my mastering chain. I could not have been more satisfied with my choice. Used correctly, this box will take your mix and zip it up in a nice warm blanket of analog goodness. It gives your mixes that final sheen. Solid, punchy lows, clear mid's and smooth highs that's not just high frequency dulling.
When mastering I encode my mixes to M/S. This allows me to process the mid and side separately. Once The audio is routed back into my DAW, I then decode the side information and mix it back in with the mid. This method has yielded the best sonic results. You also have the option for stereo and dual channel compression.                
Thanks zzounds for play as you pay. I can afford to do other things, and also make payments, never had a problem. That they didn't fix immediately and I was satisfied. I will continue as a long time customer thanks again.                
I got a chance to use the fender supersonic 60 a few years back and I was blown away by the sound of that American made tube sweetness I just had to have it thanks to zZounds they made it happen it's made me a better guitar player right off the bat by being able to actually feel the dynamics of your playing through the amp just blows my mind now I don't wanna put my guitar down!                
I bought this preamp to be a secondary stereo channel. I work mostly with Summit audio gear (with sounds great). But, the ART preamp ended up being the best sounding preamp I've ever worked with. It has a very big and open sound when used with good world class mics. It's super smooth. Very surprising.                 
It has everything.                
You need to find your sound. But, with good ears you can get a great setup.                
This was used to split one microphone to feed two broadcast consoles.  It worked much better than the "home-brew" resistive splitter previously used.  However, the transformer in the unit isn't shielded and it WILL pick up hum from nearby power transformers, so place the unit carefully.

Overall, I'm happy with the unit and would purchase it again for the same use without hesitation.                
I liked the first one so much that I dedicated to my Korg MicroArranger that I purchased a second dedicated to the 2 mikes I use for my guitar amps.I've had non-tube compressors for a long time but irregardless of what some reviewers have mentioned (on different blogs), the tube really make a difference..depending on your speakers/headphones, if there good quality you'll hear the difference alright, obviously the rest of the circuit makes a difference . The VLA has a simple but functional front panel. The bypass is a little suspect, seems to be a little harsh, but if I wanted to bypass I would eliminate the VLA and go "DI" into my DP-32. I'n not wealthy but I came into a little extra money and have replaced my non-tubes with tubes. Like most compressors that do there job, you see see there is a lot less clipping... with the VLA's there is less clipping and a plus a more concise and warmer sound. I especially noticeable are the drums from the Korg. .The drums from the Korg are really good going DI but with the VLA II , sounds like the drums are in my home studio.. they don't become homogenized and maintain good delineation from all the different drum sounds . and as most reveiewers have said, for the money, they can't be beat (so far).                
Wouldn't change anything (except my playing)                
TUBE PRE                
No learning curve just dial in what you need.                
Its big and very "cool" looking.. built like the preverbial tank.                
A big YES                
no                
Haviing a tube pre has made a huge difference in my recordings, I can easily tell the difference between my none tube and the VLA II's. Thats right I bought 2. One is dedicated to my condenser mikes recording my guitar. ( have a great stereo mike) and the other to my Korg Microarranger. When recording a drum track which the Korg has excellent choices, the sound reminds me of the drum part in Pink Floyd's "Learning to Fly) I'm sure each one of there compressors go for $thousands but even so, the sound is similiar with this big bang for the buck item. IBesides my own recordings, I make sound tracks for video. aaaai play lots of slide.. use to think I only wqanted acoustic but with the VLA with no effects, the sound is like butter and I can beef it up by bypassing one of the channels and balancing them to my needs. It lends itself very well when doing the mixdown . Imaging .. soundstage etc. Nothing wrong with none tube compressors I have but introducing a tube in the mix sweetens things up. One complaint I have.. it has no Phantom. Got a Rolls 2 channel for about 50$. I also own a PreSonus Studio Channel ..I'm going to do a review on it soon.                
the Art Pro VLA II does what it says. I didn't change the tubes because I wanted to keep the sound coming through the VLA as transparent as possible. Coming out of the UA Solo 110 (which is an awesome mic pre) going into the VLA II the vocals come out very smooth and sit in the pocket perfectly. I liked the Solo 110 because it adds a nice sheen to the vocals but needed a tube compressor to tame it a little and the VLA II does a nice job of doing just that. solid build quality as well.                 
I record solo artists and full bands from home, I use an Isa one Preamp for vocals, got the art pro VLA to add to the chain, upgraded the tubes with a pair of jj electronic 12at7 tubes, and I must say, the vocal quality and shine added to my recordings is exactly what I was missing, if you record from home and you just feel like your recordings don't sound as good as the pros, get an Isa one Preamp, and this compressor, studio quality vocals with the depth and shine I've been missing for years. I also upgraded my xlr cables to mogami neutrik and that seems to be the magic recipe for amazing, quality, studio vocals from home. Can't say enough about this product, worth way more than they charge. I got this and the Isa  one on a payment plan and was approved with horrible credit, zzounds is an awesome resource for people with little money but a steady job. Thanks again and UPGRADE THE TUBES!                
The art pro vla2 does what it does GREATLY!!! Simple to hook up and use. Id give it a couple hours to really heat up but once it does WOW!!! Though it does not have a really fast attack time the way it handles is smooth! If you want to get a great compressor at a steal of a deal this one is for you!                
Does exactly what its advertized to do and then some.                
Nice quality build  not cheap feeling like some other units costing 2 or 3 times te money                
plug and play  read the set up guide  hooked it up. no muss no fuss                
Steel case  and good quality feel to all the nobs  well thought out                
If after buying all the basics  all you can afford is one piece  then this is it would be worth the money at 3 times the price                
 wouldn't know never needed them                
Definatly adds a profesional look to my rack                
if it were stolen I'd buy another one  as soon as possible  and will be buying 3 more  to add  to my set up                
Ibhated this thing at first because I was using it for tracking and couldn't get it to sound right. Bought a new interface to run some drums through it and now i see where it really shines. Kicks, snare you name all come to life with great tube warmth. Again I really wouldn't put it on a vocal chain but for mixing its a keeper                
Sketchy at first, didn't like it much for tracking on my voice. Sounded pretty good on everyone else. Mixing with is great, especially on drum samples and 808s                
LED Voltage can be previewed using a rocker switch before power up to guarantee a safe trip for your expensive equipment. I love this feature. Quality built unit with nice spacing for your outlets. Like the pullout lights for the front and a light stalk for the rear when you are in a dark environment. Using this unit for a home/portable unit to run sound for my home and for friends. Planning on buying at least one more for lighting equipment rack. Can't beat zZounds interest free payments!                
The LED VOLTAGE readout can be previewed BEFORE switching the unit on, a nice safety check with your expensive electronics at stake.Solidly built unit and the included light stalk on the rear is a godsend in dark conditions letting you clearly see the sockets.This is my second one for a new studio rack                
Nice to be able to preview incoming voltage before powering on devices. Solidly built with well spaced outlets.  No rating for sound as it does not make any.
I now have 3 of these units in use in my home studio                
I bought 4 of these units which provide me 32 channels of transformer-isolated "splits" for my mobile multi-track recording rig. The improvement in my recordings is incredible- the sound quality of these inexpensive splitters is quite good, but the greatest benefit is NOT having to use the direct outs of the FOH console (which are POST-fader, and pass ALL of the FOH GUYS MIX AND INSERTS).

I'm very pleased with this product!                
I was originally considering the "2-way" version of this ART product. But for a few bucks more, I chose to buy these splitters which have TWO transformer-isolated splits per channel. As my equipment grows, I plan to use the second set of splits tot feed a redundant recording rig. And in the meantime I have already used them to feed the monitor system for a couple of larger shows.                
Gave this category a "9" for one little reason, and that is simply due to the fact that the inputs and direct-outs are both located on the front of the unit. Not a HUGE problem, but it does make for a "cluttered workspace" when I patch my split rack into the stage box, and the FOH guy has to patch his mic cables into my rack.

The "fix" I'm putting together- a 32 channel stage box on a short snake, so the FOH guy has a "clean" panel tot work with...                
Bought 4 units (totaling 32 channels) and four 8-channel xlr snakes, installed them in my rack, and have not had any problems whatsoever. Clean, clear splits feed my recording rig, and I'm a happy camper!                
I am very happy, and would certainly buy these again if I was starting over. Perhaps one day, when I'm running high-end "boutique" pre-amps on every channel, I might find a flaw in these... but I can't hear anything"cheap" about them now!                
Haven't needed it...                
My only comment that is even remotely close to being anything less than "a perfect 10" is pertaining to the layout- having the front panel cluttered with the direct-outs- but I knew this going in and chose to deal with it. After all, if that were a "must have", I'd have bought their "2-way splitter" as I was originally planning.

I went with these for the ADDED BENEFIT of having TWO transformer-isolated splits per channel, PACKED INTO A SINGLE RACK SPACE! If "clutter" around your input jacks is a concern, buy the 2-way with both of the outputs on the rear, or do what I'm doing and add a breakout panel in a stage box.                
Already owning and loving the ART P16 xlr patchbay, Digital MPA, and Headamp 6, it came time to share the signal so I turned to S8. It wasn't a difficult choice. The isolated and direct outs pass singles very cleanly with no noticable change in quality, possibly a db or 2 of volume reduction. Overall well built and dependable!
I feel I need to share this context for the application tho for others sake. I picked up 2 to use in place of my patchbay and provide extra throughput. They worked as expected for live shows but when I went to record a band direct to my rig the drum overheads weren't giving me signal and after 30 minutes of trying things I realized it's because on the 3way the direct out and input are on the same side.
I was using the 16 isolated outs on the inside as my patchbay but the isolated outs WILL NOT PASS 48V. I bought the 3 way because getting the 2 way with both outputs on one side would mean either I put a strain on the snake cables making them do a U turn inside the back of the rack or I put my patchbay on top of these 2 units and buy 16 short xlr cables to patch isolated outputs out of the rig and use the direct outputs for my rig inputs making the 2 way more expensive and complex to implement than the 3 way. You cant always have your cake and eat it too I suppose. Hopefully this helps someone else decide on which unit will fulfill their needs! I have returned the 3way units to exchange 2way because I am a firm believe in ART products and will continue to buy them as my business grows!                
I use this amp in my main guitar rig in a combination pedalboard.rackmount system based around the Tech21 PSA 1.1 preamp. A lot of processing goes into this amp, zero noise, clean, reproduces what it sees. I run XLR line level into it after the signal is stepped up through a PreaSonus tube instrument preamp. I have zero bad issues with this amp, great value for the money. Studio quality, can hear the fan only when shutting down the rig mains. Problems others have may not be the amp but connection, cables, impedance, ground loop issues. I love it myself, would not hesitate to but ART power amps. Great product!!                
I installed this amp in a studio. Here's the email I got from a user the next day.
"Noticed the new amp in the studio... by the noise it generates!
Heard this high-pitch, whining, humming noise, traced it to the new amp. Almost sounds like a fluorescent ballast going bad.  Why does a new amp make noise? Would it be unreasonable to ask for the old amp be reinstalled, because it was quiet? Or maybe move the new amp to somewhere we can't hear it?
Please let me know your thoughts, as the noise is just annoying."
As an amp, it's OK, I like the security panel, balanced inputs. But the fan noise just makes it unacceptable. Sorry.
I am currently using this to amplify a Line 6 Helix into two 8ohm 4x12 cabinets. Easy setup & operation. It works well in my live rig. I would buy it again without hesitation. I own several ART products, some of which have been going strong for over 15+ years; so I don't have to guess about the quality.
Minor gripe: I wish it had quarter inch outs in addition to the binding posts.                
My previous monitor amp died a week ago. I picked up this ART SLA-1 as a replacement and I love it! Mine was delivered just yesterday, so I set it up last night and listened to a few recent mixes using the SLA-1. I hooked up my Tannoy monitors to it and I can hear some details in a recent remix I did that I could not hear previously. I would highly recommend this as a studio monitor amp. It is compact, powerful, and very clean. The output is really detailed and clear.                
I use two to pull audio for recording and the sound is dead on.                
No frills.                
Easy and fast!                
We pack in and out twoo times every weekend and these can handle the road.                
Great price                
Looks good and stacks well.                
I have three of these and they are super. Easy to hook and easy to configure. I use one as a combiner and two as splitters. Great product for the price!                
This is the second one of these I have purchased, primarily because I have been so happy with the first one. I don't own any $1000+ preamps so I can't compare this to those high-end units but for the money, this is an awfully good buy. The preamp is quiet within reasonable limits. Maybe with a mic that requires extraordinary drive levels, this would be a bit noisy but for all of the mics I have used with these it's drop dead quiet. The tube drive provides just the right amount of warmth for my needs. The built-in compressor is quite effective. It lacks the ability to really fine-tune attack, comp, etc, but it's very musical and I don't find that I need much else.                
Quiet preamp unless you want a little tube grit. Compressor is very musical. One might want a bit more fine tuning control but at what cost?                
This one unit can be a mic pre, instrument DI, even a guitar overdrive. Pretty useful.                
Tweak a couple of knobs and let this baby sing.                
I have several ART products. They're built very well and pass the hard knock test.                
Excellent bang for the buck.                
I haven't had to deal with ART for service or repair on any of my items, some of which are nearing ten years old.                
I'm not much on wow. I prefer good quality at a reasonable price.                
This is the second Tube MP/C I have purchased. It's such a great value, I had to have another one. I have a small home studio which operates on a tight budget, so inexpensive, good quality gear is a must. I have been a fan of ART products for many years and I have never been disappointed.
This particular unit is a real gem. I use several ribbon mics which are notorious for needing lots of gain. These have plenty of gain for any mic and the pre is very quiet. Dialing in just enough tube warmth is simple and the built-in compressor is sweeeet.                
Has some very good sound.  I am using it on drums

and on vocals.  I hope to use it soon on a mic

acoustic guitar.

I like the adjuster selector.  There is some hiss

when you push the gain button but that is to be expected

on a low budget pre-amp.                
I like the option of the selector button.                
Very easy to use.                
Good strong case and looks like it will last.                
Very good starter pre-amp.  Very well

built.                
No problems with the amp.

I di peg the needle and I thought I busted it.  The

needle returned to normal.  I had the mic recording with a amp

producing the output.  This created a loop that made

the pre-amp pegging the needle.                
Just a good starter pre-amp.                
For what I am doing I expect to use this for several more years.                
Over the past year, I have bought pretty much one of every make of cheap tube preamp out there, including this one. How does it rate? Not bad, and improves somewhat if you change the tube. Still, for this price I think I would prefer the other Art unit, the mic preamp. But this unit does let you play with all those different settings which can keep you occupied, and off the streets.                
Would be nice to have a ground lift and a high pass (low cut) filter. The cheaper Behringer copy of this unit has a low filter, which is nice. (Though its sound is not as good.) The similarly priced Art mic preamp has a filter too.                
Easy, though all those instrument options are ultimately a bit of a waste of time, I'd say.                
Hey, it is a cheap unit. It should not be considered road worthy or anything like that.                
Good value, but basic circuitry. Don't expect miracles. Sounds somewhat better if you swap out the tube. I put in a Sovtek (taken out of my Studio Projects preamp) and that worked well.                
no experience                
ok.                
I am glad I bought it, just to see what you get for the money, and I will use it (with a different tube --Sovtek), but not as much as some other preamps.                
Very full tube sound!                
I only miss the earth lift.                
The knobs are long and therefore handy but also a threat to damage in my pre-amp flightcase.                
Good price for a good sound!                
I never needed any contact with the company.                
It looks cool with the VU-meter!                
I only miss the earth lift, otherwise it is a cool complementary di/pre-amp to have. It is cool for phantompower, DI, eq settings, pad. I use it for a lot of different instruments and voices.                
i just got it & it sounds great. i run my AM/DLX Strat thru it into my G/DEC 30. What a differance! It adds more dimention to the sound spectrum.                
The voice knob is pretty cool. All the controls are easy to understand & operate.                
I found it easy to figure out & adjust to tweek the sound I want.                
The V3 seems well made & pleasant to look at.                
I could not find another product like this for this price.Great value!                
N/A                
I like the color & the design of the unit.I added larger rubber feet so it would set ontop of my G/DEC securely.                
THE V3 is very versitile. It's a mic preamp, DI box, it definitely

does what I got it for, to enrich the sound of my Strat thru my amp!

I also have a GnX4 workstation I plan on running W/theV3 & expect the same results.                
You can get great sound from this preamp. It's all in how you set it up.. Use a quality mic.. I use the Sure beta 87.. Use quality cords.. I use "monster cable" mic cables.. Then finaly plug it in with a 1/4" plug. Don't run the mic cord out into the mic input on your board.. Thats why some people complain about noise.. It's running through two mic preamps.. I get great sound and the noise is so low that I can't hear it even through headphones hooked to the board.. You can't go wrong with this preamp..                
The variable valve voicing works very well, just dial in the sound your looking for.. The only thing I can think of that might be usefull would be a low cut switch, but it does work very well without it..                
It is constructed of steel and look like it will hold up for quite some time.                
Great deal for $120.                
Just played it for over three hours with no problems - just the smell of a nice hot tube and a warm sound.                
Lots of presets to choose from depending on the feel you want. It's pretty good for how low price it is.                
Just plug and tweak and play.                 
Just got it so it's hard to tell, but the box arrived from Fed Ex pretty thrashed- but the tube and casing are in great shape.                
Seems to be nice and solid for the price.                
No experience.                
It;s only a one tube pre, but for my little lo fi studio and D.I.Y.sound it's perfect.                
If it holds up I'll just keep it, not upgrade. I checked other reviews and compared especially to a Behringer I decided to go with the ART and I'm happy. I like the compactness, the ease of use, the solid metal body, ooh.                
The Art Tube MP series has been around for quite some time and as a budget tube entry under $100 bucks I'm not sure if it has ever been dethroned. I purchased this to match up with my Rode NTK microphone. I didn't want to spend a bunch on my budget setup so this being a budget tube Amp was a brainless decision to make. The good bad and ugly about the AMP is that in truth it doesn't utilize the tube as a true tube amp would but it gives a decent tube effect of warmth. What it is good for is being a budget preamp with slew of settings that are in fact all different sounding depending on what option you select.I feel like that is the true strength of this little box as most preamps in the price range are just that only "pre-amps" with no options. The MP studio V3 gives you lots of those.Sound wise you get a decent selection and decent output of your sounds. I did not notice any undesired noise coming from it. My let down of the unit however came from the VU meter dying on the second day I owned it so build quality I do have to question.If you want a tube-ish sounding pre-amp with lots of alternating output selections than this is an ideal choice. If you have more than $100 to spend I'd say to look at something better.                
I just plugged this unit into my Mackie Onyx Satellite FireWire Audio Interface (Line in) and WOW... Mackie has some great internal pre-amps... however this ART Tube MP Studio V3 really makes it all shine. I was blown away by the warmth of this unit on vocals where I believe it really shines. Exactly what I wanted... and more...                
I love the presets that this unit comes with... Just plugged in my acoustic and my electric and turn the dial... anyone can get great tones out of this unit. Love it!!!                
Just so simple... even a kid could use it.                
Full metal jacket... strong and looks durable!!!                
Zzounds... You did it again... I paid $69.00 for this unit and I believe it was worth far more... Like $300.00!!! This unit made my mics sing!!!

P.S. I wish you (Zzsounds)would carry the (Tung Sol 12AX7) pre amp tubes... I would love to buy them from you!!! I should not have to order them from Canada...                
Have not had to call anyone... I did see some chatter while I was doing my research about the "tube" inside... being noisy...cheap. So, because  I like a nice blues "warmth" tone... I took this unit fresh out of the box and replaced the Chinese tube with one from Russia... Viola... Just AWESOME! Just what I wanted!!! I only regret not having gotten this unit years ago... P.S. If ART would have just put in a decent tube (Tung Sol 12AX7), they would have made far more money on these units. Their loss, our gain! :-)                
Really nice on my desktop... Love the VU meter and the lights... good and solid... all the way!!! A MUST HAVE!!!                
This is a KEEPER!!! I may buy another one from Zzounds....                 
The Sound is very clean depending on the mic or input device, you may have to ground lift the the device to get rid of the noise. If your input and output are set wrong the device will tend sqaush your signal giving a distorted sound. I would reccomend turning your input to three 3/4 ~25db, and then slow increase the output.                
The setting are kinda of wrong different voicings work better on different instruments                
durable                
I think the price is a little high for what it does                
I use the product to for my mics... works great                
IT   IS VERY  GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD  FOR  THE  BUCK   BABY   DON'T  BE  TO  FUSSY  ..   WORK  ALONG  WITH IT ...... AND  YOU  WILL  GET   GOOD  RESULT   FOOL  AROUND   A LITTLE   TRY   TRY  TRY  ...  I   KEEP     ...ANYWAY                   
YES   AGAIN   EASY   EASY  AS  1-2-3                
VERY  STURDY                
VERY  ......  BUY   KID  ROCK                  
DON'T KNOW  HAVE  NO PROBLEM  WITH IT                  
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS                
YESSS   IT  WORTH IT                 
Great for its price range and portability. I use it to take the edge off the piezo pickup in my acoustic, and to fatten up my electric. Guitar signal comes into the V3 then into a Boss GT-3 using 1/4" patch cords. I've never tried the V3 with a mic.                
It has plenty of features; too many. The variable voicing isn't as useful as I thought it would be -- most of the "voice" settings aren't useful IMHO because they're overdone. For example, the acoustic guitar setting boosts the highs too much, making it sound harsh and brittle. I just use the limiter setting.                
Seems solid enough. Nice all-metal chassis. I like ART's chassis design *much* better than some of the competing products, which have the tube sticking up through the top of the pre-amp (!). One time the meter light started to flicker, but it didn't affect the sound; eventually the problem went away on its own.                 
I wouldn't pay extra for the variable voicing feature, but I do think the V3 sounds better than its Tube MP siblings. Maybe this is a newer design, or maybe it's just my imagination, but I liked the V3 better.                
I e-mailed ART about the meter light thing, and got a polite and helpful response -- four days later.                
Sex appeal? Um, no. In fact, I'd be deeply concerned about anyone who gets that sort of stimulation from changing their gain structure...                
I like this unit a lot. I tried several other pres (SansAmp Acoustic DI, PreSonus Blue Tube, & others) and I thought the V3 had the most pleasant and musical sound for my application. I'd definitely replace mine if it were lost or stolen.                
The sound quality has been perfect for my needs. I record track at a time into a soundcard, mixerless, so this preamp/DI box does it all for me. The people who said the V3 voicings sound too exaggerated or harsh, well that may be true on its own but record the tracks and put them into the mix, and youll find youll barely have to reach for EQ to let the track sit in the mix. Since getting this unit Ive never had to really EQ guitar tracks, vocal tracks (using the Studio Projects C1), and bass tracks. And thats why the sound gets a 10. I havent had any hiss problems at all, but Im guessing the hiss comes from people using it in conjuction with a mixer, which is a double amplification of the signal. The tube is a part of the signal chain because it wont produce output with the tube removed, Groove Tubes 12AX7 produce a better tone, so consider replacing the stock tube. DOesnt give any tube overdrive, just subtle warmth and at full input some bluesy type overdrive. So just make sure you have its output going to the recorder and not a mixer, and use the V3 voicings, theyre there to make your recordings sit in the mix easier. For 100 bucks this sounds great.                
For a compact budget preamp, it has the V3 settings which save so much time when it comes to mixing the recorded tracks. It has a built in compressor/limiter based on what settings you use. It has Phase reverse, phantom power, +20dB pad, VU Meter, 1/4" and XLR inputs/outputs, comes with wallwart ac adapter.                
Because of its basic control knobs (input/tube, output/master) and auto-set limiter, its simple to use. Good thing since beginners are probably the target market for this preamp. Not to say that as a bad thing as its a great value.                
Made in China. but real sturdy, the knobs dont feel cheap, the paint/decals are sharp and crisp, the LEDs and VU meter work well and are easy to see/read.                
For the ease of use, good sound, and features of this little box, its definitely a little more than what youd exepect to get for 100 bucks.                
EMailed the company asking about changing the tube and they got back to me within a day.                
purple and black color scheme....works in a funky way i guess....still a nice thing to look at on your desktop.                
I give this a 9 because its probably one of the best budget preamps, works as a DI box, has a compressor and the V3 voicings make mixing a hell lot easier. If your making your first recording preamp/DI purchase for your home studio, i strongly recommend this one over the other Tube MP models.                
Fattens things up for the most part, but can get hissy sometimes.  Not sure why.                
What else could you want?  VU Meter, Phantom Power, voicing, etc... anything else you need for this price?                
Have used it a bunch of times.  Have experienced clean fat sound, and have experienced hiss... but the clean sound outweighs the hiss.  Price is great too.                
I Love how this little box sounds. If you have a small diaphram condenser, good amp and good effects this little box accurately gives you the sound of everything you use. Lower the output compression and you can get rid of hiss from your amp to get the sound nice and clean. XLR's and/or silent knights will also give you excellent signal clarity and reduce buzzing. I have also used it direct with my Zoom 707 II and it makes the clean effects sounds great but the box will get hot direct so I recommend going amped. I gave it an 8 because I assume that Focusrite would be the best quality but ART is an excellent box to start with for a home studio.I don't recommend using a mixer with it because it sounds excellent by itself on guitar and I have also used it on my drum machine through a PA and they sound like real drums.                 
There are not too many features but the best one is phantom power and the instrument presets. Wish it had a 3 band equalizer though.                
Nothing wrong with the quality.The box has solid construction with metal. The Tube would be the most sensitive part of it though. It may break if dropped.                
I believe it was priced right. Most preamps go for 4 times this box.Excellent way to start getting creative.                
Never had to contact the company. The box has been working great so far.                
If you have a home studio you definitely want it.                
I give it an 8 overall because I know there are better preamps but this is definitely the best box to get on a budget. The quality is excellent. Go buy it.                
The Voice Channel has improved my Vocal recordings tremendously. I use a Bluebird mic running through the voice channel and was blown away by the improvement of the quality of recording the ability to add warmth via the tube setting. Since my homestudio enviorment has not been treated for recording and the gate function on the Voice Channel has worked phenomenal in keeping backgoud sounds out. I'm pretty new home recording but love this Voice Channel.

The only thing is I wasn't able to record a acoustic guitar very well through it but that's most likely to my lack of knowledge of recording instruments for vocals it's awesome.                
So much you can do with this thing. Love it.                
I took it out of the box and started recording. Knobs are well labeled and pretty easy to figure out. Still learning though.                
Well for the price you can't beat it. I've been researching a mic pre-amp w/ gate and compressor etc. This all-in-one machine is a whole lot of                 
Well for the price you can't beat it. I've been researching a mic pre-amp w/ gate and compressor etc. This all-in-one machine is a whole lot of function for the price. I'm vey pleased at what I got forthe price.                
haven't had any problems yet.                
I have a small (compared to some) home studio, so I was unsure how to best use my small amount of space when it came to upgrading my sound quality. After playing with the voice channel for a couple sessions, I was blown away by the killer character it added!  From then on at my studio, it has simply been referred to as "THE MAGIC BOX" because everything that goes in to it, comes out sounding better, every time.                 
Where do I begin...i've owned this now for a month and it's brought my recording quality up a lot.  First of all the preamp is excellent.  Swapping out the tube MIGHT be something i consider one day, but anyone who says you have to in order to get excellent sound is likely not using this properly.  It goes from very clean to quite driven.  And I love that I can run the EQ before or after the compressor depending on my needs. I tend to run it before the compressor and there are a lot of online tutorials that explain why.  
Compression is easy and effective and let me tell you... i have NEVER used such a good De-esser before. Not in hardward or in software. The De-Esser took me maybe 3 minutes to find my frequency range and it does such a good job. 
But here is the reason my (and any other vocalists ive tried) have had such a good performance... i can set up the right tones/ compression/ gain during the warm up take... then by the time it's done, the vocalist can relax. It takes care of sibilance and volume peaks and they can just give their best performance. This unit is FANTASTIC. 
Do i still do further editing in pro tools? Of course. I think that's a big part of where the shine comes from. Find me a pro mixer who doesnt. What this does however is get the raw take in a form that allows the vocalist to give them best performance possible and saves me TONS AND TONS of time.  It's paid for itself in man hours by my second project.                 
Art mic pre's as a guideline are known to have a "dark" sound. But with features like semi parametric EQ, adjustable impedance and selectable plate voltage you can achieve more airy sounds with judicious use of an aural exciter it can be quite an airy sound. I use it with several good mics -A sony c38b, SE z5600a mkii, Rode NT1A, Samson VR88 and a cheap Apex 420 large diaphragm condenser. Curiously enough it is not the kind of pre that will make an 800 dollar mic (z5600amkii) sound like a million dollars. But it wont make my $2000 Sony sound like crap either. Its a good mic preamp with its own very usable sounds. But if you're thinking you can match it up against a really great mic pre and come out even then it will fall a little shy, still for just over 400 dollars? Grab it. Its one of the best in the price range only the Joe Meek OneQ is in its league Then again I havent used the Eureka or the GT Brick.                  
The most useful feature is semi parametric EQ, followed by the selectable plate voltage and adjustable impedance selection. Not super crazy about the compressor. Metering is amazingly good on a unit at this price so are the output options. I dont think anyone has a system that this won't integrate into perfectly. I mean it, that's one of its strongest features.                
Like anything the deeper the feature list -the trickier it gets. Still its all right there labeled in creme avec noir. no menus and sub menus though (I'm sure one day even tube pre's will be plagued by this.)                
Its a tube pre i'm not gonna through it up against a brick wall to find out. Tubes are sensitive. thats the way life goes. looks pretty though espescially when that VU meter is lit up and the compresser is working away. Use it on the road? no I would not. worst aspect of quality is probably that they dont use a premier tube then again one premier tube can set you back fifty dollars.                
I own a few mic pres and a few bundled mic pres

its better than the pres on my behringer eurorack because it has higher headroom.

Better than the pres on my Emu 1616m for the same reason.

I prefer it over my focusrite twintrak about 60 percent of the time.

equal to "my" (okay its a loaner...) joe meek oneq                 
not applicable. Thank God.                
Its beautiful actually.                
Well i think anyone who takes the studio aspect of music as being more creative than utilitarian has to go out and search for more sounds and more ways to capture sounds I'm not getting rid of this thing even when i can afford a Focusrite 220                
I have been a singer/songwriter for 46 years and have had various studios and home studies throughout my musical career. The Art brand is a brand I've been familiar with for many years. This channel comp has the absolute most bang for the buck. You've got to have a good ear though to get the settings right. I love it. It is a permanent fixture in my vocal rack.                   
Excellent sound for the money. I swapped out the stock tube with a Telefunken.  I use this primarily for voice overs with a Rode NTK. The impedance adjustment, EQ, compressor and gate give me everything I need to tune in what I need perfectly as I sometimes need to turn projects around very quickly with little time for fine tune editing. De-esser is also a plus. While this will never match a tube pre amp costing thousands of dollars, the 300w tube voltage gives some actual warmth as opposed to the "starved plate"  pre I was using prior to the Voice Channel. A keeper!                
preface.. I also have 2 PRO VLA's and a PreSonus Studio Channel. When I 1st received the "VOICE" I actually thought it was working proprly because the difference when making adjustment did seem like much of a change. 1st thing I did wrong was not letting it break in.2nd thing was that I expected it to sound like my others.Now its a while since I received it and I guess it broke in but also I wasn't noticing what a smooth signal thta is patched to my DP-32. I actually noticed it when I played back a recording I did. LIGHNIN' HOPKINS VERSION "BABY PLEASE DON'T GO" It was buttery smooth but still had some punch to it... All my other compressors were straight analog. These are my 1st tubed. I really like the "voice" when practing I went "D I" right from the VOICE. always used an amp before. The sound really inspires me to keep playing because of the nuances and the great "pads" I play blues and slide.. finger picking. Its always been a challenge to keep the dynamics in line.. with the pad I don't have to mute the bass thumping any longer .. yet it doesn't sound attenuated... this alone is huge.. in fact, I ran the Voice thru my PA and with a few adjustments got some over drive from the tube and the PA sounded like tube amp , maybe not exactly but close enough so I will gig (solo" using just the Voice Channel and P A. with no amp. There are many more positive things I could say but I don't want to gush and its been reviewed nicely by others. The VOICE CHANNEL isn't like a sludge hammer its more like a brush and pallet with many colors.                
I purchased this to hear how the drums (from Korg MicroArranger) sounded.I connected left to the Voice Channel and right to my Pro VLA just to have stereo. The Voice channel sounded really bad. I started turning knobs and pushing buts and realized immediately that one little increment made a huge difference. Time went by and it slowly started to sound amazing.. with the VLA PRO II on one side and the Voice Channel on the other.. something happened I hadn't expected... ..imaging... Using the VLAP RO for the drums was great but the VOICE Channel took It to another level I didn't exspect. I was thinking about purchasing another Voice Channel (I'm not wealthy at all) but the pairing is so great I think I'll go with this set up.. I should add that the PRO VLA' is really good and as is said many time "especially for the money" In my opinion it brings whatever out front and is pretty transparent. I highly recommend the Voice Channel (I can only speak for drums) as is said many times, if the drums sound right everything else falls into place. THe WOW factor should be 5 stars+                
Just needed a simple, affordable fix. And while it's tempting to spend $100 what are you really getting with that much extra money? I'm really not sure because this thing works great! I use it exclusively as a Bass DI and while you can overdrive it if you're not paying attention to the bassist and let him run his bass through a pedal board then to the DI, it's been flawless at gigs providing clean bass reinforcement in the mains. Quite the bargain.                
Clean and perfect sound!                
More features than I expected!                
Easy plug and play!                
Metal casing, and very high quality throughout!                
Very low-priced for the features and quality you get!                
ART customer service is easy to contact, and they supplied me with excellent information prior to purchasing.                
The black and purple color scheme looks cool, and the shape of the box is cool.                
When the venue I run audio at needed a direct box, the ART ZDirect Passive was my first choice! ART products are always top-notch in quality, making ART a brand I can rely on. With phase invert, low-pass filter at 30Hz, two 20dB pad switches, ground lift switch, and 1/4" tap to run to an amp; this little gem has all the tools you could possibly need from a direct box! Plug your instrument into the 1/4" in, plug the XLR output to the mixer, and you're all set! This box doesn't even require batteries, phantom power, or a wall wart! This is an excellent product!
                
Great charger! Use it for wireless mics and IEMs. Built in capacity tester and USB slot for cell phone. Must have for frequent user of Rechargeables.                
I've recorded in different home studio settings from padded rooms to closests with blankets and also using other types of reflection filters. I purchased one of these a few months ago and it's the best of the reflection filters. It absorbs your voice and keeps it all in the mic. When I listen to my vocals solo I can't easily hear the difference even in an open room. At first I was going to take the cheap route but I'm glad I didn't it's totally worth it. My mixer even told me to redo a couple tracks that I did before I got the filter because the vocals sounded so much different. I found when I position the mic about halfway into the filter and I stand back a few inches from the mic while recording I get the best results.                
If you record in a home studio without a vocal booth this product will make the difference between a good sounding vocal and a great sounding vocal. I've had refection filters before but not one of them was able to do for a vocal track what this is able to do. Would, without doubt, recommend the Aston Halo Microphone Reflection Filter to anyone who records in a home studio without a vocal booth.                
Upgraded to the Halo from the SE Reflection Filter PRO and loved it instantly, its definitely lighter and easy to transport, It definitely eliminates the need for a booth. Would recommend this product to all looking for a great reflection filter.                
Neumann u87                 
Easy                
Built like a tank                
Worth waaaaay more then the price point.                
Great support                
Blew my mind first time I plugged it in.                
This microphone made me get rid of my Tlm 107.. Never thought I'd see that day but I did! Great for vocals.                
Flexible and forgiving. Provides a forward, firm tone with a silky, yet proportionally detailed sound. Vintage/modern/british/mid-glue.
I bought the Aston Spirit because I was working on an album with a reggae band and my normal go to vocal mic took a crap on me. I needed a new vocal mic and fast. First I ordered the slate VMS mic because I had heard many good things about it but the problem was it was on back order for weeks and I didn't have time to wait, so I went on zZounds and found the Aston spirit. Now I'm not one to buy before I try but since the mic was only 399 and zZounds has a great return policy I decided what the heck, I mean every review I had read up to that point only had good things to say about the mic. The Aston arrived 2 days later and I had our first vocal session that night so I threw it up and plugged it into my Warm Audio TB12 and WOW! The Aston has a sound of its own but its a very beautiful sound. I have used it on low male vocals, high male vocals and acoustic guitar so far. For Vocals it has a nice bright sound but not overly sibilant.  I had to do almost no post processing on my vocals because they sounded good straight though the Warm audio TB12 and a distressor. I did add a de esser but very subtle. I haven't compared this mic with any others yet but I can tell you with certainty that the Aston is a great sounding mic and if some one didn't tell you before that it was only 400 dollars you would think you're holding a 3000$ mic. The mic feels like a quality mic, its got weight to it, not a light plastic feel, and the brushed steel finish with the custom steel mesh around the capsule makes it easy on the eyes. Once I get my u87 fixed I am going to do a shoot out between the aston, slate vms, u87. and shure sm7b and see how they compare!                 
This is an excellent microphone, and I don't just mean in the usual "this is excellent for the money" sort of way. It's very natural sounding, but with something of a lift in the top end. I've found that, because of this, some of my usual go-to mic'ing methods don't work as well (it's pretty easy for this mic to make certain sources sound harsh if you aren't careful), but anything that forces you to do things differently is a win in my book. I'm loving getting to experiment again, and I have the Aston Sprit to thank for that!
One small caveat for me is the lack of a tiltable microphone mount. Aston have been very clever with the way they integrated the stand mount into the baseplate of the microphone, and that works for some scenarios, but I'm not really excited about having to buy their $120 shockmount just so I can tilt the mic (the Sprit has a built-in shockmount, so an external one isn't totally necessary). I believe OnStage makes a mic-tilt attachment that's something in the neighborhood of $10. I'll be buying that for sure.
Skill-wise, I'm somewhere between an amateur and an intermediate level engineer, so my opinions should be taken with a grain of salt. I haven't had the opportunity to compare this mic to many others in its class, so I really can't speak to where it falls on the spectrum of sub-$500 microphones. What I will say, though, is that I did my research before I pulled the trigger, and I felt confident that this was what I wanted. So far, I'm not disappointed.
It's truly a platform to build on.  The arm is excellent, so you may choose any cartridge you desire.  If you can't afford a separate preamp, the internal gives you the option of MM or MC cartridges.  The optional output to a separate preamp allows you to match the cartridge to the preamp.  There are many lower priced turntables, but this one is the best of the group.  Let's not overlook the ground wire that allows you to ground the motor for no hum at any volume.  Add a white acrylic mat from Hudson HiFi, and now you can get the most from your records.  I chose to add a weight from the same seller, and it holds the record against the acrylic to deaden the background noise, tighten the bass, and give greater detail to your highs.  If you have never owned a turntable, then this is the best you can buy under the price of the AT-LP5 (manual from Audio Technica).  The English magazine rated both turntables 5.0 in every category, and few ever receive these marks.                
Clarity. This is my first "upgrade" and I was skeptical because I didn't know if I was upgrading or just getting a more expensive turntable. This thing sounds very good! The music is very clear at any level. Turn it up though, it's powerful. I want to put out some good words about it so that someone like me doesn't hesitate on getting this thing. It's also easy to use, I was always afraid of counter weight, anti-skate. Now I have no problem.                 
Saves space, keeps mic in one spot! Love it! Just make sure you measure your cab first... I have a Fender Bassman reissue, and had to make sure I bought the smaller version. The bigger one says XL, but the regular version has no additional size notation.                
Thge Grabber add's that litte extra that makes the difference between just hanging your Mic (with some brand's, as we know ) to a placement that is stable and secure, with the ability to be moved for differnt sound's from placment of your Mic to cab !! it also is Great because of it's easy mounting and dis Mounting for use with other cab's . In all I find it to be a Plus in both Live and recording situations.                
first, There are 2 sizes to the cab grabber, the standard and the cab grabber XL. be sure you know which size you need!!! 
for this i blame zzounds for not clearly indicating this fact in the ad now, it makes you devide which model you want prior to purchasing where that option was not there ay my time of purchase. (i still love you guys, but this lack of knowledge destroyed the tolex on my amp which is where i had to attach the cabgrabber as it did not fit on my cab.) 
the cab grabber is an excellent idea in theory, but in practice i have been left with just an ok flavor in my mouth. 
it is difficult to get set to the proper position because the locking mechanism is brutal to secure while attached to a cabinet, so you have to take it off to lock it, then replace it, then repeat if it is slightly off. this is based on many tries.
the cab grabber's biggest flaw ist that the arm that holds the mic is too short, but can have a boom arm attached which only contributes to the pain the previous flaw mentions. how hard would it be to make this arm telescopic so you can truly get the desired placement without the hassle of another attachment?
again, great in theory, and really is secure when properly applied. just takes too long and too much aggravation to get to the point of properly applied.                
I BOUGHT 2 OF THESE NOT KNOWING THERE IS AN XL VERSION AVAILABLE, OR THAT I WOULD NEED THE XL VERSION. HOPEFULLY I AM SAVING YOU FROM THE MISTAKE I MADE. I HAVE AN ORANGE 212 CLOSED BACK CAB  AND IT IS DEEPER THAN THE GRABBER WILL EXTEND. IN TRYING TO RIG IT SO THAT IT WORKED, I RIPPED THE HELL OUT OF THE TOLEX ON MY BRAND NEW CAB. NO ONE TOLD ME  THERE IS A BIGGER VERSION, SO I AM DOING YOU THIS FAVOR. MEASURE THE CAB AND DECIDE IF THE CABGRABBER OR THE CABGRABBER XL IS THE PROPER UNIT FOR YOU. aside from  that, its a well built cool device.                
Big, fat and punchy toms of all sizes.  Amazing on guitar and bass cabs.  Good on any kind of percussions and it can even do a kick drum without any problem.  I only got 2 of them in the venue I work and I never know where to put them: it sounds good on everything!                
The mike is quite straight.  No switches or anything but a rugged construction made for the most demanding tours and venues.                 
Plug it in, aim and turn up the gain.  Done.                
The only thing that is not that good is the drum mount that comes with the mike. It's kind of cheap, unstable and easily broken.                
Totally worth it!  Studio, live, name it!                
Never used...                
The body is not that sexy, but you can have a crush for a voice... no?                
The mikes I have in the venue I work for were there before me, and I think they will still be there when I'm gone!                
The D4 works well for a kick mic for our band .....I had read other reviews where others say it work well on a floor tom or bass cab ....I have not tried it in that manner yet .....I'm sure it will...as far as the kick ....it works great .....we get a good solid low end sound ...and we still get the sought after tick that you listen for in a good kick drum .                
N/A                
N/A                 
very well made ....solid !!                
There were other kick mics to choose from in this price range .....I'm happy with the D4                
N/A                
its a good looking mic ......it is a little smaller than other kick mics out there .....but it works well for Our Band                
Should keep me happy for years to come .                
I have not done side by side comparisons of bass drum mics, but purchased the D6 based on a recommendation and lots of internet research.  I have been able to get very different and very good sounds by altering placement of the mic.  Inside my 18x20 maple bass drum the mic picks up good attack and plenty of low end punch.                
It comes with a quality mic clip, thread adapter and a padded pouch which is all you could really ask for.                
The mic is machined out of a solid piece of aluminum.  There is nothing to rattle and I'm sure it is quite durable, though I don't plan on testing this theory.                
It's ten bucks more than a beta52 and same price as a D112, sounds great and seems like a winner.                
I have had no need to contact customer support thus far.                
Although I don't have experience with other dedicated bass drum mics, I know what good audio sounds like.  This is a quality product made in the USA and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone.                
I bought this product (Audix D6) after reading recommendations at several sites.  I find it to be better than advertised!  I put it on a stand in front of my bass drum head, and with no special adjustments got a great sound at a live outdoor performance.  I had been using a CAD KBM412. The CAD KBM412 is not capable of providing a faihful reproduction of the sound presented to it.  I like my CAD 411s and 417s, but that KBM412 was a nightmare compared to the Audix D6.  It is so worth the extra $s!                
The retailer included a drum mic stand with the purchase.                
plug and play                
Looks like it is well made.                
N/A no problems, registered purchase online in a few minutes.                
Its a mic...it doesn't have sex appeal!                
If lost or stolen, I would be in mourning until I got another.                
I had owned previously a shure beta 52 microphone for my bass kick.  I had borrowed this microphone for a larger worship gathering and it just kicked butt.  Now my drum system sounds more fuller, because this mic produces very deep, rich, bass sounds.                
Just as a warning:  only use it with bass kick or at worst case, with bass amp.  Very good tailored made mic for bass sounds                
Very tiny but powerful                
If i have another drum system, then yes, another d-6 i will buy                
I sing acapella (bass) and I was looking for something that could enhance my bass vocals. So I started to experiment and ran across this lil dude. All I can say is WOW! Even though this is a bass drum mic, I used it in a couple of gigs as well as in the studio and folks, this thing rocks. Not only does it provide a low end sound (as it should) but it's also clear as a bell, I'm very satisfied with this product and will buy another now.                
got this for my pdp concept maple kit to mic for live performances and it works great no issues                
This mic is good on more than just bass drum.  I've found many uses for the Audix D6.  Hooray Audix!                
Pouch and clip.                
Easy to get a nice kick sound.  Also good on open back guitar amps-mic the speakers as normal in front, then mic the rear of the cab/speaker with the D6.  Works for me, especially on a Deluxe Reverb or a Mesa 2x12 open back can.                
Heavy.                
Best $200 I've spent in a great while.                
dunno                
Yup.                
Kick ass mic.  Buy one or two.                
This is the best kick drum mic on the market. it gives a very nice attack, but not too much, lots of low end "oomph" without any eq. just throw this thing inside your kick drum and you are in business! I bought the shure beta 52 before this, and there is no comparison. the d6 blows it out of the water! the 52 stays on my floor tom now, where it does quite a nice job.

I also just used it on a bass cab along with a 57 for recording, and its the best bass sound i'v ever got.                
it's a mic....                
just put it on your kick, or bass cab and it sounds great! its smaller than the 52, and the clip isn't built in, so it can more easily be inserted into the bass drum, even with just a 4 inch hole, where the 52 could never get in properly.                 
solid aluminum construction, made in usa, need i say more?                
its cheaper than the 52, and it sounds way better                
haven't had to deal with them...                
it's beautiful.                
This product sounds amazing!  With a few minutes of tweaking on my board, the mic sounded so amazing!  It is the only mic I use for bass drums and cabs anymore!  If you have a couple hundred bucks, DEFINITELY go for this mic!! Two thumbs up!!                
The mic only came with a clip, and i had to by a stand and everything, but I got a great deal for it!                
Within a few minutes it sounds radio quality                
GREAT QUALITY!!!!                
Everyone uses this mic!                
AMAZING SOUND!!!                
These are great sounding drum mics at a great price!!                
I like these mics, as far as I can tell I like the sound of these better than the Senn set mainly on the floor toms, the D4 is way better than the E604 and comparable pricing, I like the clips these come with, I purchased 2 more, 1 for bottom snare for a sm57 and another for 2nd D4, case is nice the kick mic is great for the more attack heavy double pedal rock now but a little lacking in deapth for country and classic rock but can be eqd to suit.                
Zzounds.. Excellent speedy service. The DP series drum mics are amazing. D-6 kick mic has great deprh and punch as all the mics. The mic holders are the down fall of the pack. Spring tension is weak and does not fit on my Ayotte Custom kit with wood hoops. Needs a redesign with a lever to open up clamp. The mics sound awesome other wise.Thanks Scott Brokaw drummer for Day 41 Canton Michigan.                
Exceptional!                
The included clips for putting the mics on the drums are solid and easily adjustable.                
Very solid feel.                
Haven't had to use them.                
They have a high quality look to them and feel very solid.                
Seem very well built. Nice that the case comes with extra slots if I need to expand. Switchable Low cut filter and and pad on overheads very useful. Easy to level set and everything worked right the first time. The drummer for one of my bands has this set and as the sound guy I am very impressed with the clarity and lack of bleed through from this mic set. I needed drum mics for my other band and I had no hesitation in getting the Audix Mics.                
These microphones exceeded my expectations especially since I have used Shure, Sennheiser, AKG, and Audio Techinica mics for many years, these mics offer a new twist on the old workhorses.                
It is the best studio mic set up for drums ever. The only thing is buy a second Audix i5 to put on the bottom of the snare and you will have the perfect studio drumset up. There is already space in the case for another Audix i5, and another Audix D2, or D4 which is really cool.                
They are already compressed and eq'd for each drum great in the studio and amazing for live sound and live sound recordings.                
They really do work without any effects or mixing manipulation. The single can be recorded and go through mix down without anything being done to it. It really amazing.                
High quality, very sturdy and the drum mic clips are nice and can be either clipped to the drums or put on mic stands very versatile.                
You would pay alot more for a traditional SM57, Sennheiser 421, and some Rhones overheads which is traditional. Audix is a perfect example of a newer company using technology to build new standards in recording.                
Zzounds is the best music company out there in every way for support and customer service.                
They do look really nice, and the case is pretty sweet.                
Perfect drum mics for any application. Live Sound, Live Sound recording, or Studio Recording you can not beat these mics for the price.                
I have the Audix drum mic set and liked the dvice so much I ordered an extra to use on the bottom snare mic on a SM57, way better than using a mic stand.                
This item works well with compact mics only.  If you use a mic, such as shure sm57, it flops over.  Those mics are too heavy.  I have a set of compact mics that work great.  Had this item for over a year and works well. Springs still tight,goose neck still supportive. Gigs every weekend......                
Very east to use.                
Alittle pricey for what you get.                
Very similar to an SM57 but I find the i5 to be smoother in the upper frequencies. With my systems I tend to get more gain before feedback and better noise rejection with the i5s. I currently use i5s on batter side of snare drums, guitar cabinets, horns, and vocals and they just work well and sound great. It has become my favorite mic for mic'ing guitar cabs.                 
Wind screen and grill are tough and can handle being smacked by drummers or dropped by singers.                 
No switch, plug it in and go. I find it to be very flat and usually requires very little EQ'ing if any!                
I currently have 5 of these in my mic collection and they've been used expensively on stage and in my studio. They held up well, sound great, and have never failed me.                
Same prices as a 57, sounds better (IMO), and is more durable (again IMO).                
Haven't had to contact them.                
Eh, its black? Zero to little EQ'ing is very impressive, allows you to get an amazing sound very quickly even if your mixer/preamp is lacking in channel settings.                
I've used the i5 for years now and I swear by this mic. I've used 57s and many other dynamic mics, but I keep coming back to the i5. I just ordered another and figured I'd give my review on these wonderful mics.                 
Blows the SM57 out of the water on snare top, guitar cabs.

Pleasently surprised when we tried the i5 on a scratch vocal track-warm full sound on male voice. Equally surprised when we tried it in conjuction with a SDC on acoustic guitar.

The best "utility" microphone on the market.                
Umm...its a plain jane dynamic mic. No switches. Nice gold XLR connector though.                
Point and shoot...great.                
Solid constuction, awesome.                
Based on it's superior sound, the value is outstanding.                
Have not needed to contact Audix. 

That's a good thing, right?                
I have been doing a lot of guitar recording lately. I have been using Shure SM57s for years. I wanted to shake it up a bit, so I watched a boatload of reviews on youtube and read a ton of reviews on every forum available. There was one comparison on youtube that started with the I5 and i was immediately drawn to the tones. I ordered 2 from zZounds and have nothing but love. They kill. There are a lot of nice mics for recording guitar out there, dont get me wrong, but to my ear, The Audix i5 brings a considerably truer representation of what is coming out of my amp than ANY other 
mic I have tried. (many) it is built every bit as well as a 57, and it is clearly going to be durable. Buy one. Definitely a value.                
Excellent instrument mic for guitar cabs and snare drum.  Superb build quality and compact form factor.  Comparable to the venerable Shure SM57, to my ears they are close in response on guitar cabs and snare drums.   I do prefer them on snare versus the SM57 as the i5 capsule is protected by a sturdy metailic front end that stands up to errant and unintentional drum stick wacks.  I have 3 sidelined SM57s with the tops smacked off without any way to re-attach the plastic protective head covers.  It's frustrating. I am extremely satisfied with the Audix's performance to date.  Will definitely purchase several more to add to my Audix mic inventory.  I use the D series as my go to live mic system.  You cannot go wrong with purchasing this microphone.                  
Bought this with the Cab Grabber to get a little better control over our sound in live shows. Mic works great! Pretty versatile--sounds good no matter where I place it on the speaker. I like micing it very close and off center. That seems to work best with my guitar sound. 
Get the Cab Grabber, too--saves space and you don't have to worry about the mic moving around!                
I bought the i5 for harmonica jammin and i love it!!!                
No on-off switch                
Handled a wide variety of effects that I use on my harmonica                
Very sturdy                
Very good value                
not yet                
One of the slickset little mics I have ever used                
I am always looking for a mic with a better sound but I will always have one of these                
Great sound, replacing our SM57's for milking. Great quality reproduction and impressive vocal work as well.                
Like the man said, it's a mike, plug it in and speak!                
Very well made, Never did like the rotating head of the 57.                
Bought 5 of these for my band. Got a decent discount and the guys in the band loved the mike!                
Best mike I've used in a long time. Milking banjo's can be a tough job for any mike butthis one pulls it off like a champ.                 
Good sound tailored to drums, very little eq unlike with the Shure SM 57's. More on par with the Beta 57 but still with a little more clear sound and requiring less eq to find a sweets pot. Although not having tried it on brass seems like its frequency response curve will fit nicely with them too. I've used them on snare and tom drums only so far. The I5's will now be replacing the rest of the 57's on my church drums as they are a bit smaller and nicer sounding than the 57s.                
This is a very awesome mic.  I was kind of sceptical about getting it but I decided to go for it.  Seeing as how I don't want the generic 57 stamp on my products.  This has a very bright sound with enough body to make anybody happy.  I used it on snare and my snare just cut through the mix.  I did a side by side comparison with a 57 and with the pre's and faders at the same level, same eq it was a lot louder and clear sounding.                  
It came with a bag and clip, oh a sticker, almost forgot, a sticker.                  
You plug it in.  Its a microphone!                
Definately higher quality than a 57.  You could drop this off a building and it will probably work.  Maybe not look so good but probably work.  (I don't advise you to do so)                
I would have paid 200 for this microphone.  Definately worth the 100 dollars.                
I gave it a 5 cause I haven't had to deal with them yet.                  
Definately like design.  It looks like it has rear phase delay ports but they are definately running the same way as the microphone so it can't be.  Nice touch though.                
Most likely have this microphone for years to come.  Perhaps the new 57 if they market it right.                
It sounds like a 57 with a mid scoop....and the charts show that too, so no surprises there. it does have ALOT less handling noise, my feeling is that the rotating head/grill assembly on the 57 transfers minute vibrations. As far as output, it is about the same as the 57 i paired it against, but it takes EQ and FX better. Up close it has a more pronounced proximity effect than a 57, but it doesnt have the 'telephone-esque' sound that the 57 has, and therefore, sounds quite pleasant..it might even make a nice kick drum mic.                
 This mic is my new best friend.
Its sounds like a 57...except not. At first glance(or touch) it is noticebly heavier and more rugged than a 57, and being that it has an all metal shell, it could probably withstand a hard hit from a drummer or a drop to the floor much better too.                
 obviously more rugged than a 57, all metal shell, less handling noise. and it sounds good too!                
if you like 57's, you'll like this mic.....if not, then you probably arent reading this review.                
not needed.                
perhaps i will buy one or two more, to supplement my 57 collection.
as far as sex appeal goes, your kinky girlfriend might enjoy it.                
The Audix OM2 microphone is hands down the new "Industry Standard" vocal microphone. It's built like a tank, and will stand up to road use gig after gig. This is my second OM2, as the first one seemed to walk away after a gig. I highly recommend the OM2, over that other mic. The OM2 has a great proximity effect, and you will know when you find the sweet spot. If i had to own only one mic, this would be it.                
Mine came with a mic stand clip, and carrying pouch.                
Plug it in...                
The OM2 is a well balanced, superior built microphone. You can feel the quality the moment you pick it up. The sound is just wonderful. No feedback, and you can run it hot. This mic is well suited for almost any application, or venue.                
Best bang for the buck out there.                
Never needed to bother with support, i owned my first OM2 for about 5 years. I haven't yet to wear one out, or need support. But they do answer your emails, and phone calls right away.                
Just a great microphone, and an awesome price.                
Excellent mic. Better than the 58s I have used in the past. This mic is a great value. I bought the second one I own a day after I purchased the first one. A great mic mic made in the USA.                
After buying 3 SM58s when I was putting my PA system together for a band, I decided on a whim to buy this mic based on the favorable reviews. I tried it myself playing with my classic rock band, and it didn't seem to suit the music--so I stuck with the 58. It sat on my shelf until that band dissolved, and we formed a new band doing pop-rock with a young female singer. The 58 wasn't doing much for her, so I pulled out the OM2 and magic happened!!! Her high-midrange popped out in front of the mix just the way we wanted it to--and we use it everywhere we go, even on other PAs. More recently I tried the mic again myself, and realized that in the context of this genre, it helped my lead vocals as well. So if you have several different singers, and you're looking for a different sound than the classic 58, there's a good chance you might benefit from owning this mic.                
Cleaner than a Beta 58 with the same smooth character of a Sennheiser 845 but with more output.                
Good Mice Clip, nice Mic Bag with stand thread adapter.                
Pretty good right out of the box. Set the gain and you're good to go. Can be a little Bass Heavy with some voices. Hit the high pass and you're done.                
Build Quality comperable to the workhourse SM58. If it gets dirty just throw it in the wash, let air dry and you're good for the next gig - JK Road worthy Mic that can hold its own against all competitors.                
Great Bang for the Buck. You could pay more...but you won't be buying a better Mic.                
Audix has one of the Best Customer Support departments in the business. These guys are Mic Nuts. If you have an idea to make the product better (don't hurt yourself trying) give them a call and don't be surprised if you see an upgrade. Try that with the other guys...                
Great Black finish. Stands out from other mics. Slender design that is easy to hold. Has some heft to it. Feels expensive.                
I'll be using the OM3 for vocal and general purpose use for a loooong while. There is no such thing as the perfect mic or the "do it ALL" mic. Lets just say this is one that you should have in your Tool Kit if you plan on making money in Live Sound.                
I purchased these mics following recommendations from reviews posted here at zzounds and must say that I am thrilled with the purchase.  These mics are well constructed and have great volume output and feel.
I'm considering buying a few more.  They were a great deal as they came bundled with mic stands and cables.  I will definitely get much better quality cables as the ones included in the bundle are very flimsy.
Overall I am very satisfied with this purchase.                
Worked very well as a combo tom-tom and cymbals mike for an outddor performance by my jazz quartet                
It's a mike. It works.                
Audix makes great stuff. I have a D4 I'm using on the electric bass and that works as well as this one.                
I haven't needed it.                
The over all sound quality is great I have not tried the om 5-7 but this one blows a sure sm 58 55 out of the water this is a great stage mic                
its light an durable                 
It's a mic if you have a learning curve Welll.....                
again its light an durable i have had mine for two years no problems                 
well worth it for the money                 
never a problem and as i have heard they don't have many quality issues Audix top notch company                
it is sleak                 
this mic will last for years to come next i am getting a om5 or a om7                
I don't use the microphone, the other guy in the duo does. But the microphone does what it's supposed to do. I use a Bose L1 system and this microphone works well with the Bose without any feedback, etc. The vocalist likes the sound of his voice through it. Sounds just like his voice. No complaints.                
I'd have given it a 10 if it had a built-in on/off switch. But then again, since I don't actually use it...                
Plug it in...use it.                
Quality looks to be first class.                
Since it does what it's supposed to do I think it is good value for the money spent.                
Don't know. Never had to deal with Audix support.                
It works great with the Bose L1. That's all that I'm concerned about. No need to replace it with anything else.                
The SM58 is dead long live the king..with so many fake shure 58s around and having been a victim of the scam..i tried a OM5 and i now have a OM7 as well..
the shure is 30 year old technology..the OM5 OM7 are american built each has a serial number..the price is right and they are FANTASTIC
i am a english buyer/user and they are not easy to find in the uk..i would not use a shure again                
excellent simple build quality                
what can you say ? relearn close proximity with the 7 just USE the 5                 
THE BEST                
would be happy to have paid full retail OM7 sells for 175 pounds in uk (approx $350)                
N/A do not forsee having to use any support                
N/A                
Always buying other microphones to test..fortunatly i can affort to do so..but these microphones are the standard to which ANY other would have to attain                
I have been playing out live since 1969 and still rock on the weekends in a classic rock band. I have used every mic out there from 58's, EV, AKG, Sennheiser, Blue and lots of others. Me and the other singer in the group both use Audix mics. They have superior sound reproduction, no feedback ever, no handling noise at all and they sound so much better than any of the 58's, regular or Beta. I use this Om5 and the other singer uses an Om3. He has a lot higher voice than me so the Om3 works better for him. I will not buy any other mic ever again and the other singer is only 30 yrs old and he swears this is the only brand mic he will ever own as well. Great job Audix and zZounds. 
This is awsome no feed back all the sound it performs                
I would perfer a hard case but what do you expect for the price                 
its solid                 
I think I have said what I think                 
I have never had to contact them there like matag waiting for some one to call                
I bought a handful of Shure 58's at the salesman's recommendation and then began reading about the Audix line of mics. For live performances at high volume with floor wedges, the OM5 was suggested as a better choice than the OM6.  The 7 series was not out at the time.  I gambled and bought 3 of the OM-5's and have never pulled the 58's out of the case since.  The OM-5's blow the 58's away. The mid range and presence is much more articulate, yet the low end sounds ballsy and full.  But the best thing about these mics is how well they reduce feedback. You can enjoy much higher monitor volumes than with other mics.                
I think the way the OM-5 minimizes feedback is the best feature of all.                
Seems to be built well. I take care of my stuff and have never had any mic fail me.                
Even though the OM-5's are a little more money than some of the competitor's products, they are well worth it.                
I haven't had a need to call but the web site and the printed documentation is more helpful than many other mic manufacturers.                
I bought the OM-5's and was so pleased I bought Audix drum mics too. If I had it to do over again, I'd buy the same mics.                
They work!                
these mics are famous for a reason. had mine for at least 7 years maybe 10. it always sounds great. has been thru many drops and other abuse but always works great. had many good comments from other guest vocalist as well. what goes in comes out. no coloration. no feedback.                
This mic is great! Have used the shure58 in the past, but a friend raved about this mic, so I gave it a try...

I am really impressed!                
It's a mic. Plug it in, and go...                
This mic is amazing! Gone are my on-stage worries about feedback. And I can hear myself better than ever before- even over a big band...

This mic solved my performance issues so all I have to worry about is singing... which isn't a worry any more!                
Sturdy. Solid. I would confidently recommend this product to anyone!

and, as the rep that bought it explained to me, the people at Audix really stand behind their products... If some meathead dropped your (audix) mic into a pitcher of beer, they will replace the "innards" for a reasonable fee. 

As for the casing, it's heavy and strong. I don't have any doubt that this mic will last a long time, and now that I have one, I will be back for more!

Did I mention it's made in Oregon? Small company? US of A? I know that Shure now makes it's mics outside the US... can't help but wonder how that affects the quality.

Go with Audix, I say!
                
Yes!                
Haven't needed it. Which is what it's all about, really.                
Bonnie Rait and Willie Nelson own one...                
I haven't used a lot of different microphones. Just an Audix OM-5 and a Shure sm58. The sm58 is very popular and considered the industry standard for live microphones but every time I've compared them in a live setting the Audix OM-5 produces a noticable better vocal sound. The sm58 was demoted to miking the guitar amplifier a long time ago.                 
It plugs in, sounds great, and has low feedback response. What else are you expecting to find in a microphone?                
Mines been pretty beat up over the last few years. Hasn't affected the performance at all.                 
More expensive than my Shure sm58 but it was worth every penny. An extra fifty bucks isn't much for some you will still be using years down the road.                
Don't really know because I've never needed support from the company. That rates a 10 in my book.                
Looks good. Rugged black steel construction.                
No need to plan on replacing this item because I would just buy another one (maybe I'd consider the OM-6 or OM-7). This microphone has been a trusty companion. I've never regretted buying it and never considered replacing it. There aren't too many pieces of equipment I can say that about.                 
its just amazing that these are priced so low i would have paid alot more for them                
a great way for some better sound quality i would recomed to anyone                
I have never used sound absorption foam but had seen it talked about plenty so much so that finally I decided to purchase some and see for myself rather or not it would help to make the playback area of my music studio a better listening environment. I had a few weeks earlier come across another audio item I had wished to purchase here at zZounds and did, and seen also they carry sound absorption foam, but, which brand, and type to try? Well I went with Auralex and am happy with doing so, and so far the results I am getting after installation is great so much so that I had to make another order of two cases/ 2 Packs of Auralex 2 Wedgie 12x12 Tiles (24 Pack) X 2 This time.                
When I first decided to make a purchase of this brand sound absorption foam pads for my home sound recording studio/Music Studio, I was very unsure of the results I would get. The results I have actually received are satisfying enough to say they work at subduing and absorbing reflections of sound produced from my monitors and help me to hear what i'm producing so much the better than without the use of them. Well worth the money invested into them.                
Very useful in studio environment as it takes away possible vibrations coming from the floor. Also, useful for live settings. Have you ever played on a stage made of 1/4" plywood? The rattle from the plywood goes away if you put your cab on top of a GRAMMA mat. Try it! After trying it, you will not go back.                
Simple and straightforward. You put them up in your corners, and away goes the bass droning. Can't get any better than that. One downside - they don't come with anything to actually put them up. They come with a piece of paper describing options for glues and other means of getting them up, but that's it. I can't objectively rate Manufacturer support as I haven't had to use them.                
I have the BIG KRK 10's (3 way monitors) these things are 55lbs each speaker!  
The bass is crazy loud which has tons of vibration!
I have these monitors on my workstation desk of course (they don't fit on stands) and without the pads things on the desk hop around..For example, if I set a water bottle on the desk without the foam pads, that water bottle falls over, no joke.
With the foam pads, the water inside the water bottle doesn't even shake!  
I had fun with this, almost like the termpur pedic bed things with the wine glass!
Overall, these are great..A bit pricey considering you can buy a block of foam from thefoamfactory.com for only $20 and cut it yourself but hey, if you want to spend the money on these it is worth it!  I suggest these to anyone with large monitors/sub woofers!  It also helps with the sound, everyone knows vibration kills your audio!
Get these, you won't be dissapointed!
Visit my youtube channel for reviews, I will have a video on these very soon!
youtube.com/bonezproductionz                
This, for me, is the most important part of the review.  The quality of the sound is why we pay money for these products.  I am pleased to say that the MoPads made a big difference immediately upon placing my studio monitors upon them.  

The most noticeable difference came in the decoupling of the speakers from the desk upon which they had been resting.  The desk was causing reinforcement of the vibrations at certain frequencies (especially bass frequencies) and just generally rattling.  

The MoPads stopped almost all coupling to the desk, except at the lowest frequencies (I'd say below 100 Hz by ear).  The desk no longer vibrates, buzzes, or reinforces vibrations and the result is much crisper cymbals, clearer mids, and no more boomy bass. 

Of course, I still get boomy bass from the walls, but that's for another day...                
Well, the product is just four blocks of foam, but it does allow one to choose from 5 different angles for the monitors depending on the way a wedge of foam is oriented on the MoPad.                 
I can't really tell what a well made foam would look like.  It certainly seems that foam would be a good choice of material for this application.                
I give the value only a 4, because even though the product works, I feel that $30 is a bit steep.  This foam may not be much different from that used in Auralex's wall treatments, which is only $3 a square foot.  

If these were included with a roominators kit for an extra ten dollars on top of the regular roominators price, I'd say the value would be better.                  
Haven't needed it.                
definitely sexy, I'd made sure to have the auralex logos facing the room so everyone can see how much I paid for good sound!                
I am satisfied with this product, it did what the "hype" said it would.  I plan to purchase further products from Auralex based on my experience with the MoPads.  

If you have problems with monitors vibrating their stands or a desk, these are a good, albeit expensive, solution.  A block of rubber might do the trick more cheaply, I don't know...                
the sound coming from my speakers are truely what is recorded. no surface coloration nor any unwanted buzzing. simply amazing items.                
as far as usefulness these little pieces of foam have changed the way i listen to even my home stereo, i am no going to have to isolate all my speakers from the surfaces they sit. the foam is quite an attraction to animals that like soft chewables, so keep them protected from access. side note.                
the foam pieces are quite a puzzle to set up but worth the small effort considering the major pay off. the set comes with four sets of foam, with three pieces per set. so the size of your speaker foot print does not matter you just move the pieces around and then set the speaker on top, move speaker and repeat until they are set up.                
again, precision cut foam is not easy to do with out the proper equipement, so i would have to say the quality is very good.                
worth every dollar.                
have not needed any but in the package there is some useful information and the company will assist with room set up if you send information to them have not tryed this but it seems for the right person with more cash then myself it would be quite useful                
very cool looking with the company logo on one front piece helps with the whole left, right thing.                
I was a little sceptical at first. Forty dollars for some foam, but what a difference they make. First thing, the foam is precision cut, first rate, all pieces match the opposite side which is not easy to do. I can set up my speakers exactly they way they need to be for maximum sound. The foam also isolates the speakers so there is no surface fibration, I did not need to place self adhesive feet on the bottom of my speakers.                
Cool pads. Great for producing/mixing. They slightly close in the soundstage of your monitor and direct the music energy more forward out the speaker. Good quality. The foam is definitely treated. Very noticeable compared to regular container foam.                
I brought this product and I loved it from the beginning, however I couldn't justify the cost of this product. So I called Zzounds and got an RA number to return it. The problem occurred when I removed the pads from the speakers, I instantly noticed the tremendous vibration and the noise associated with it. I still have a problem with the cost but I cannot use my speakers as desk speakers without them. These Isolation Pads are incredibly dense and do not lose their shape when speakers are placed on them. It is the denseness of this product that makes it so desirable with the ability to control vibrations from speakers producing lots of bass .                
do you have some powered monitors on your studio desk? throw these bad boys on it and hear what a difference it make. my desk has stopped the ratlle and it feels like the sound are more direction toward me and not swimming around the room. looking at the MoPad you wouldn't think it would do anything..but no its totally worth the cash for a sound geek :P                
I was a bit skeptical of the pads but a friend said I needed an insulator for "true sound". sure enough these really cleaned up the sound (much more than I anticipated).                
greatly reduces vibration                
well it does the job.....and the spare cutout pieces of foam I used under my Macbook pro and the others under my midi controller                
cake                
pretty strong and durable......dont think i could really rip it......maybe if it was rubbed on a corner of a desk I could see it tearing                
2 sets came with my Yamaha HS50s.......along with 2 stands.......pretty money if you ask me..............but I prolly wouldnt go buying MoPADs for 40 bucks each......I mean eggcrate foam would work just fine but it wouldnt look as pretty                
N/A                
yea its very practical                
these will prolly last me a long time........If i get more monitors Ill prolly have to get more MoPads                
Hosnestly at first I thought the MoPads were kind of high priced when I first looked at them, but after purchasing and using them with my monitors I have to say they are definitely worth the price.                
There is no sound, it keeps things quiet as it should.                
Extra pieces of foam so the monitors can be set level or angled.                
Strong. I stood on 'em just to see if they could support the weight, and they did.                
Highly valued.                
Never used 'em. Which is good.                
I need it.                
Does what it said it would do, which is all I ask.                
I was worried it wasn't going to be enough to cover my room but it ended up being plenty. Does wonders for the sound of the room they are hung in. I was hoping (not expecting) for some "Sound proofing" (as in keeping sound only in the same room as the speakers) but this doesn't do much in that department. Makes THE BIGGEST DIFFERENCE on my microphone recordings. Well worth the $$$$. Not to mention the visual pleasure I get walking into the room their hanging in. Looks and sounds professional. Wish it wasn't so expensive, but you get what you pay for! Still waiting for the "Foam pit" smell to leave my room. I only notice when I first walk into the room and it is starting to dissipate after a couple weeks.                
I think this is the best stage mic you can get.  Better than Shure Beta 87A, Better than AKG D3900 and Better than Sennheiser E865 and about as nice as Neumann KMS105 for a lot less.  I have used them all, and I'll stay with this one.                
Includes mic clip.  Useful switches.  Often you'll need to engage the low end roll-off in live applications.                
Feels rugged and durable to me.  I haven't dropped it yet                
Again, I like it better than Neumann KMS105, and my AE5400 cost a lot less.                
Looks fantastic                
The AE5400 is exactly what I was looking for: a hi quality, reliable and durable stage mic. I've been using a Shure Beta 87a for two years and really digging that, but just wanted to try to step up a notch. The AE5400 does it. Full-body sound, crisp high's, lots of detail (I sing jazz and pop for grown-ups), and it just feels nice and solid when handling. I've used it on only one gig so far, but at first blush, it's a total winner. A colleague sat in on my gig (awesome vocalist!) and he sounded amazing on this mic too. ZZounds held to their "beat any price" claim and gave me a screaming deal, plus, the shipping was super fast. ZZounds is my new favorite source!                
I've owned this mic for about three years. During that time I've performed in every situation other than an arena. That includes the bars with a useless sound guy, the clubs with an excellent sound guy, the outdoor festival with no sound guy at all, the theaters with perfect acoustics and pristine sound system, and of course the cramped practice space. I've used it a lot. This mic is best performing dynamic I've used.

Having used the Shure SM58 and Beta 58a, Electrovoice n/d 767, Audix OM2 and OM5, and the Sennheiser e835, I'd say I have a pretty good basis for comparison.

The 6100 rejects feedback as well or better than any of these. The transients cut straight through, and the clarity is unrivaled.

I sang with a super loud heavy progessive/metal band. Whisper to scream, the 6100 shines.
                
Superb clarity, incredible feedback rejection. Oh, and it handles plosives amazingly well.                
Hypercardioids have a slightly higher learning curve. You have to keep on them tightly, or else you're lost. That said, the 6100 reacts amazingly well to "playing the mic." That's something all singers should do with their mic.

Spend some time with it, develop a relationship with it and you won't be disappointed.
                
Let's bring up the really important point -- How durable is this thing? I've thrown it, I've dropped it. It's lived through fog filled venues, dusty outdoors festivals, smoke filled rehearsal spaces... Not a scratch, and it still sounds incredible.

Buy this mic.                
Best gear investment I've made as a singer.                
Never needed to talk to them. I love Audio Technica. I also own an AT4050. Incredible mics.                
This thing stands out from the crowd. Not the "golfball on a stick" look we've seen from Shure, or the blacker than black from Audix. Has a look and feel all it's own. I like that the grip isn't just rounded. It makes for a better hold.                
I won't replace this mic ever. It won't need to be replaced. I will however purchase the ae5400, but as an additional color for my vocal spectrum, not a replacement or upgrade.                
This is a great sounding entry level mic.

To get the most out of this mic, you need to turn up the pre on your channel strip until you can hear yourself breathing in the cans, and step back so you are between 1 and 2 feet away from the mic.  you have to keep a distance.  use a pop filter if it helps you to remember.  If you are right on top of the mic, even at lower gain levels, you will experience problems.

This mic will pick up subtle nuances that you didn't even realize were present in the performance.  It will also make you keenly aware of noise in the environment.                
If you are even involved in a deathmatch on an alien world, and you have to choose just one microphone with which to bludgeon an alien creature into a green paste; the AT2020 is the one you should choose.  

It's heavy, it's quite sturdy, and it'll only cost you around a hundo to replace it - so it doesn't raise your blood pressure every time it comes out of the case.

Build quality aside, if you are reading this you're probably wondering if the mic is any good.  This is an excellent recording microphone, but it's not going to work as well for live performances.  Get yourself a Shure SM58 for that.

The mic does a good job of rejecting sounds coming from behind the mic - a good feature when you're trying to bring in as little extraneous noise as possible.                
You're really getting a lot of value for your cash with this one.                
The mic just looks great, and has a pleasing heft.                
If you are looking at this mic you are probably just getting started in home recording, and wondering if it's worth the $100.  You don't want to spend a lot of money, but you don't want to end up with a completely useless piece of junk.  

I purchased this microphone about 5 years ago, for more than twice what it's selling for here - and I've never once regretted it.

There are better microphones out there, but you're not going to find them at this pricepoint.  There are cheaper microphones out there, but they don't come close in terms of quality.

For the starting recordist, this microphone offers tremendous bang for the buck.                
It sounds really good, at this price range i dont believe there is any other that can beat the at2020, sounds very clear, havent tested with instruments cause i'm a lead singer of a rock band, and i bought it just for recording vocals, but still i'll try it next rehearsal. it looks as good as it sounds.                
got tell you, the one thing i really dont like is the mic suport for the stand that comes with it, this product deservs shock mount, or at least a small case for safe keeping, other than that it's a very simple straight forward mic                
just plug in to phantom powered source and rock on.                
at this price, wow, it's really good, it looks very sexy, well builted, rubst, great design, it stands out in our studio, it sounds fantastic.                
again, in this price range, the best                
dindt really need support                
very sexy very appealing, it seems ultra professional.                
for now this complements my colection of Shure and AKG dynamic microphones, and i hope that i'll never had the need to buy any other. this will do for now, and i feel that it will work for a long time.                 
This mic sounds good for the price. Overall it does capture the true sound of vocals and acoustic guitars. Haven't tried micing any cabs yet but I'm confident it'll get the job done. Has a tendancy to be heavy on the bass end but this was easily fixed by changing the position until I found the sweet spot.                
Stand adapter and vinyl storage pouch is included.                
Built extremely well. Rugged and durable. Even the stand adapter is quite impressive...                
Definitely worth every cent. For under $100.00 bucks ya can't go wrong!                
Haven't needed them thus far so I remain neutral.                
I'll keep it forever! Can never have to many mics...                
sound quality is great, i was reading over ratings and noticed they said it sounded muffled, it was most likely because they had the mic backwards. this mic actually has a front and back to it. so make sure u are pointing it in the right direction and you will not have a problem. it labeled on the mic itself. other than that, sounds fantastic and clear.picks up everything so make sure you do use it in a booth. when i first got this mic i used it in my closet and picked up my neighbors talking.                 
very well built, had mine going on 4 years. took it on an overseas tour, and still work great. this mic has been through alot and sounds Exactly the same way when i bought. so you WILL not have to worry about this bad boy getting damaged at all. this mic has seen war.                
This is unbeatable for the price, i have dealt with other mics and i would have to say that this mic is worth alot more than what its priced.                
VERY VERY SEXY, has a nice wieght to it also. i own it.                
overall it's a very good mic for its price and recommend any that wants that great sound and feel to their vocals to get this mic. "NOTE FOR BEGINNERS" just cuz a mic sounds good doesnt mean you do not have to put eq on it.                
  This microphone gave me the best experience I could've hoped for. It was way better than I thought it would be. My friend owns a more expensive mic and still my AT2020 gives better quallity. With the right settings on your preamp and/or interface, this will give you a great bang for your buck.                
When I bought the AT2020, it came with an AT2021 microphone. Still good quallity but it wasn't as great in my opinion.                
It's so easy to start up. I have it set up in my room (I record in my closet). Just hook the microphone up to the preamp. My set-up is Microphone>PreAmp>M-Audio Fast Track Interface (USB)> Computer and Whala!                
Hands down top of the line quallity. I don't have a professional studio but this microphone gives my music a professional sound.                
It's very much worth the price                
Yes.                
Just the look of it says "perfection".                
I'm going to use this microphone until it dies.                
This is a great mic.  Absolutley great.  For $100 (and mine came with a free set of really nice headphones)it is an amazing value.  This mic is powerful loud, watch your levels.  Like all good mics, feedback needs to be contained, I am not able to go open mic with monitors on in my garage studio so untill I build a proper studio I am limited to headphone monitoring. This mic picks up everything, including the faint dim of the neighbors washing machine.  Really nice, you won't be dissapointed.  

I use 2 of these back to back to record middle school vocal groups, the singers postioned in 2 opposing semi-circles.  All vocals are clean and loud.  By the way, take a look at Shure web site for suggestions on mic techniques, I find it really helpful.                 
I accidentlty dropped it on a concrete floor, no harm no foul but not a good idea.                
It's no wonder that this mic is gaining appreciation and becoming a studio standard. I now have a pair of these mics. My first one I bought cause I heard a lot of good things about it. I was a little skeptical it being an electret condenser not a true condenser, but was pleasantly surprised  by the non metallic, tinny sound that electrets are known for. Some of the live stage AT electrets also have a somewhat dull, too flat sound too. It doesn't have quite the presence peak of a Neuman U87, but a more subtle sparkle. It's a very wide range throughout the audio spectrum with a gradual rise in the higher frequencies that start at about 5khz. to 8khz.  It  has a very smooth response, with no sharp spikes or dips. It is a no frills mic. There's no attenuation pads, bass roll offs, figure eight patterns or flashing lights like the U87's or AKG 414 or whatever. It's also a mid sized diaphargm not large as I've seen it advertised, yet it still maintains a lot of low end which gives it a warm sound. sibalence is minimal (that's those hard "S" sounds you hear and get from a lot of mics). It can handle a lot of SPL's and haven't had anyone's voice over modulate it. It is very quiet mic, very little noise. I use them mostly for recording vocals and as overheads for drums. They would work well also as a room ambient mic for guitar amps or whatever.  I'd stick with 58's or 57's or similar for miking the grill of your speakers though. Haven't tried a pair in front of some Leslie speakers yet, but I think it'd be worth a shot. Got some good sound with a pair in stereo miking a choir. I don't think it would make a good stage mic, too sensitive. I used to own a 24 track studio, remember 2 inch Ampex 456 tape? I've gone digital since those days, lol.  I'm not saying this is of the same caliber as a U87 or tube Telefunken, but believe it or not, it comes pretty close. And for the bucks, wow!  For those just starting to record or those on a budget, this is a good way to step up your game. For the full blown pros out there, these would make a nice addition to your arsenal. I realize that we're all different, we have different tastes, not everyone will love this mic.Personally, I think they're great for the price.                
This is an awesome mic for the price.  I use mine for professional commercial voice-overs.  Teamed with a dbx286 channel strip, I get really clean recordings that fit my voice just right.  You will need a pop filter and a quiet recording space, this little guy is sensitive and will pick up any room or ambient noise.  I love it and see no reason to replace it with a more expensive model, as it works so well for what I do.                 
I work in a comercial studio. I bought the mic for doing stuff at home. I wanted to try it out in a real gig. I did a radio spot with it, using it on the voice-over and it did fine. I recorded accoustic guitar with it also and it did good there also. This little mic has a sound you can trust. The smaller capsule doesn't produce a too edgy sound. It is in fact quite smooth and pleasing. I'm used to tracking with a Neumann m149 wich is about 50 times more expensive. Of course, the Neumann sounds more articulate and alive... But the AT2020 gave a pleasing, easy to mix source with controled bass and smooth highs. With a good pre, this little trooper can replace an expensive mic without anybody (an add agency in this case) noticing a difference. No joke!  To close, let's just say that if it doesn't sound good, it won't be cause of this mic. Love it!                
I gave 6. I could have given 8 or 2 for that matter. Sure, it could have had a 10db pad, a HP switch, selectable patterns... Who cares! You put it up and it sounds great and at 100$ a pop that is a hell of a feature!                
doesn't apply                
For the price? Great.                
Wow!                
doesn't apply                
good sound is sexy                
I'm keeping this baby, and for all the projects I do at home, it more that qualifies! A small studio can produce pro quality with a mic like this.                
After a week of putting it through the all paces recording a wide variety of applications, I am extremely pleased and impressed with the performance and versatility of the AT2020. It performed well with a variety of different vocalists and acoustic guitars with and without being plugged into my favorite, the Focusrite ISA 1 preamp, as well as being plugged directly into a Presonus Audiobox 44 VSL with little to no EQ treatments. And it really SHINED placed properly in front of my Fender(s), Marshall, and Line 6 electric guitar amp cabinets. And being I’m a firm believer in there’s no such thing as a silver bullet “One size fits all” mic, that’s a lot to say about any mic at any price.  Keeping in mind this is an ultra-cheap a no frills studio quality mic, Audio Technica has kept the price down simply by offering a straight forward fixed cardioid large diaphragm condenser mic, with no switching for pads or polar patterns, being it can handle a whopping 144db SPL, there doesn’t seem to be any compromise in sound quality with the proper mic placement.Last but not least, THANK YOU zZounds, your services and shipping are not only second to none, they are at the standard at which I judge ALL others by, I’m SMIL’IN! :o)                
I was reading other people's reviews and i decided to purchase this product.  I must say that it sounds really good!!  I compared it to ME's V57M and it annihilates it by far. I use it only for vocals (so far) and my recording comes out clean!! I have it connected to my M-Audio MobilePre USB device ($149.95 on this site) along with using my SE Electronics Reflexion Filter (about $299 on this site).  Plus you don't really need a shock mount for it (if they offered one for it, it would be a plus).  I was surprised by how much this mic can do....in my room!!! Overall, using the right equipment and using the mic right, it sounds professional.  This is a condenser mic so you will need to have 48v Phantom Supply for it, make a booth or buy a reflection filter from this site or else your sound will be garbage.                
Well....as far as features go....The clip mount it comes with only allows you to hook it up on certain mic stands.  The reason for this is because the stand's pipe end you screw it on has to be relatively smaller than some stage mic stands or others. Other than this its nice and sturdy and has a firm joint for when you bend it to position your mic however you want it.                
Just plug it in and play really!!                
It's nice and sturdy, built like an ox made outta metal!! It's the complete opposite of fragile.  Im sure this mic will last atleast 15 years or so.                
For the value, this is absolutely the best buy for your home studio!!! $100 for CD-quality sound.....are you serious??!!! This is a steal!!!!                
Im rating it 10 but dont follow this rating because I never did need support.....atleast not yet.                
I love the way it looks!! Not to big or too small....nice texture, finish, and design......Not flat-like....its beautiful!!                
This product is a absolute must-have!! Forget about buying expensive mics and get this one.....you wont regret it. I see more AT mics getting their way into my home/studio.  Believe this review and forget the others because Im telling you the realness!!                
I was 100% happy with this product.  I use this for doing VO recording for animation at home or in an office and it gives great quality sound.  I actually needed a second mic at one point so I bought the AT 4040 which coste $150 more, and I prefer this one.                
A bit of an amateur so I'm using this witht the Lambda Lexicon preamp and it works great.                
extremely easy to set up and use with preamp.                
I've had this for about 2 years and it's still working great.                
Like I said, I think it works as well or better than other mics that cost much more.                
Never had to use support so far.                
Its works great and its cheap.                
See first comments                
AT2020 sounds very good on classical and acoustic guitar and vocals. Decent sound on shakers but would not be my first choice for them. Vocals have almost no proximity effect with this mic, but guitar gets it quite strong. You have to be careful about mic technique and roloff the base using an EQ since it has no bass-roloff switch. Noise is around 20dB as advertised. This is OK for a home studio mic.                
Nice pouch; comes w/o shockmount which is a minus. Also you can't buy one since the optional shock mount AT offers costs $75, i.e 3/4 the price of the mic. I find this ridiculous.                
Rugged and well built. Meets and exceeds the flat frequency response in the specs (picks up to 22kHz). A word of caution for studio pros is that with a 16-mm diaphragm this is not a real large-diaprhagm mic. It shares the same diaphragm with AT2021 small-diaphragm mic, it's just mounted in a cylindrical box commonly used for large-diaphragm condensers. Again, it sounds great, but I am not so sure I would have bought it if I knew this before. On the other hand the smaller diaphragm makes the mic suitable for close miking (6-8"), at larger distance doesn't sound as good, but for home studio this is a plus since you avoid the acoustic coloration of untreated recording rooms. In my case this is a plus.                 
Good for home studios.                
Haven't had to deal with them                
Very clean, very clear. I got it with the instrument mic package deal.

If you have a budget but you need a mic that sounds WAY past it's price range this is the one...                
Large-diaphragm, cardioid condenser.                 
Simple... if you know how to use your interface.                
Tough mic, i could throw it at a wall five times, plug it in and make rad vocal recordings...                 
For the money it doesnt get better... at least I dont think...                
never dealt with                
very sexy mic                
For the money its the best...                
best acoustic guitar mic you can get for under $400.  at around $100 it's a steal, get a pair for $200, then buy more mic stands, cables, and other toys for the rest of your change.

I use it professionally and it works great and almost every guitar I've recorded, better than cheap competition like the SP B1 and other LDC mics, since the 2020 is SDC it handles transients better and has less bass build up from the sound hole, much much more even guitar pickup, very complimentary, and GREAT rear and side rejection.                
it's a mic, it works great, wish they threw in a shockmount.  that would make it a 10.                
easier to place for acoustic guitar than most other mics.  all positions works well, 12th fret aimed at sound hole is amazing though.                
better built than any competing manufacturers of cheap mics, and as well built as a way more expensive AT4050, one of the more common pro studio mics you can get from the same company.                
best deal going for an acoustic guitar mic, good for other uses as well.                
no problems, no support issues, so it's a 10.                
fairly sexy mic for the money, way better built than apex, nady, mxl, or other chinese mics.                
just get one.                
awesome sound. picks up as much as you throw at it and then some. i record vocals mainly with this, but i have done a few acoustic guitar sessions as well. great sound. my only small complaint is how, imo, it picks up a tad too much higher end, but with some slight EQ, you can make this sound incredible (for the price, that is)                
nice little pouch and great stand adapter                
this things a rock                
for under $100???? BUY THIS                
never had to use it                
whats not to like? looks beautiful up on its stand. a great addition to my set up.                 
buy this thing. like the other guy said, you can never have too many mics, and this is a perfect addition to anyones studio. the sound is great, and im sure this thing will never break. for under $100, you can't miss                
I have only owned dynamic mikes until now. Wow, for my purposes-recording an acoustic guitar and vocals-this mike is awesome. Only rated a 9 because I am sure that their are better  sounding mikes, but super as far as I am concerned.                
The adapter is fine. I had trouble figuring out the proper size. The standard adapter comes with an insert to reduce its diameter. Needed to unscrew it to increase opening size and I was good to go. Took me a few to realize as the paperwork that came with the mike didn't point out the adapter within an adapter. Others have stated that they wish that it had come with a shock-mount. So far for me, no problems                
Plug into preamp and you are good to go. Yet, see comment above about adapter.                
solid as a rock                
incredible bang for the buck                
haven't needed it, but had to give a number...lol                
Solid and sounds great, all for an incredibly low price                
I'll be brief: This microphone is top quality and phenomenal value for money. The only downside was the stand. I only use my mic for about 2-3 days per month, so I disassemble it and reassemble it after these sessions. I've only had the mic for about 4 months and already the stand has fallen apart; the thread used to hold the microphone is totally ineffective.                
I ordered a (Blemished) Audio-Technica AT2020 Condenser Mic for my home studio. It arrived arrived in 2 days but was found to be bad when tested (High noise floor w/ low output). I was pretty upset but only momentarily because when I contacted zZounds they apologized and sent a pre-paid UPS return ticket telling me they would ship a brand new Mic out. I re-boxed the bad Mic, dropped the box off down the street and 2 days latter I was enjoying my Brand Spanking New Microphone. It's been a great experience dealing w/ zZounds.com. I got a new Mic for almost half price.                  
The sound of this mic is commendable at its price.  It is a bit crisp on the high end, but that is what you get with a mic priced this low. For a home studio I would fully recommend this mic.                
Its a mic. Thats it. Thats all it should be                
It would have been bettwer with a shock mount than the clip they sent                
For the price, you can't beat it.                
It's a studio mic! It's a no-brainer!                
For $99 you can't beat it! It's a great mic for normal use. If I'm looking for superior sound quality I'll go with a much better model. The sound reproduction though is clear.                
Haven't needed to contact their support so I can't comment.                
Sweet! I'd definitely buy it again if I needed another studio mic.                
I'll keep it until something goes wrong, but I think it'll last a while.                
Very surprised at the crispness of the mic.                   
I bought this Mic for guitar amps.....it sucks....so much so I was about to return it. Then I decided I would try singing into it... Wow....I was blown awsy. The clarity edge definition very good. Gave my voice a surreaL sound...better than my beta58, my AT handheld condensor, my adk s7b, am57, beta87a.....and so on.....I am really surprised. I did only run it through a presonus tube channel strip though.                
No highpass filter no -10db too omnidirectional......                
A little low end boost a little .mid boost, a little high end cut, a pop filter, boom!                
Ehhh we'll see....                
If you want to spend 500 on Mic and pre for vocals you would be hard pressed to find a better combo than this Mic and presonus tube channel. Gotta get a nice preamp too compress eq and get some tube warmth too really get it going but hey its unbelievable when you do.                
Dunno                
It's a good Mic....there's probably better but for 100 budget Mic its pretty good!                
The mic worked for awhile but caused computer crash. I bought it at Guitar city
on W.14th St. NYC. who advised me that it was compatible with windows 7.
they would not let me return it for "hygienic" reasons. I'm still trying to find a use
for this mic but feel I've been "rooked" What else doesn't it function with. By the
way the computer was ruined.                
I play a 3/4 upright 1948 Kay bass and the sound is perfect. Just like the bass sounds like . I have played with other mics but the sound was not there. When i bought the mic I was worried the I heard it . WOW!!!!!!!!. Just wish I had another.perfect mic

thanks so much Jeff                
yes                
I cant afford no $300 mic, so bought this and I was shocked with the sound. I like this one alot, you can not expect this to sound an Sony C800, but its good tho.                
I am not a professional, so maybe I'm outta my league on a review and I just don't know what I'm talking about. I paid $150.00 for my AT2020, and although it is a better clearer sound than the less expensive condenser mic I have, To me the sound is still a bit muffled, And of course the Decibal range isn't quite what I would like it to be, if you sing a little too loud you still get the slight distortion, although not near as much as a regular old cheap mic. Still not sure I'm happy with it, I'm wondering if i can't actually get something even better for $150, since it seems most people only paid $100 for their AT2020. I'm undecided.                
I do like the sturdiness, feels durable.                
very easy, I didn't need anything but a usb port on my regular desktop comp.                
I think I got jipped                
Explained above. I've only had it 2 days and looking to return it for something that might just sound a little better. I use it for singing, but not professianlly. I do it as a hobby.                
does it really get better than this?                
came with a pouch and a mic stand mount... i wish it came with a shockmount but i cant complain cuz the mic sounds like its worth 300$ anyways lol..u can get one from the same company for like 50 bucks                
just plugged it in                
i dropped it a couple of times on a hard wood floor and it still works                
are they really giving these away this cheap?                
dont need it                
very sleek and sexy                
overall im very satisfied with this mic ive owned one other by samson and this blows it away..                
This microphone is great for a beginners. The quality is great as long you have the right stuff and know what you doin. For what i use the mic is sounds awesome couldn't ask for a better mic. I heard some good microphones like the akg but AT by far has a more crips sound.                
The Microphone has no flaws.                
Is pretty simple how to get this mic going is a microphone.                
Its a great microphone. I bring in alot of artist and they all tend to sound nice on it. I've had it for like 4 months and it still rocking with me and it has taken a couple hits.                
Its a great mic cuz i know the microphone is worth alot more than what you paid for.                
Never had to call.                
Its sexy and is black.                
I have a studio so i keep buying better stuff and higher end prices but this mic is has a certain pitch that others don't.                
The sound is perfect, very clear and sounds just like a real expensive condensor mic! MAKE SURE YOU GET A POP FILTER. HELPS OUT A LOT!                
Yea accessories are ok. Just wish it had a shockmount with it.                
The use of this product is amazing.                
The quality seems almost perfect. Just I know there is better so I gave it a 9. Make sure you get a pop filter.                
This mic is the best value for your money by far. You will be happy.                
Support can not be any better.                
This item looks wonderful on the stand with a pop filter.                
This product was prob the best mic I could have got for my money. I would want this mic for a long time. It is wonderful.                
Really clear sound. I really love the sound quality of this mic, especially for its affordability.                 
It would be great if it came with a shock-mount, rather than just a regular plastic mount.

Otherwise, it just came with the mic and the case. It does the job.

The mic is very plug-and-play, so not much else was needed.                
Plug and play! Super easy.                
Considering the price, I'd buy 7 of these. I only need 1 or 2, and if i'm spending 700, i ought to get a good one.

Oh well. It's solid. I'm sure it could be thrown on the floor and not be damaged. Easily as strong as an SM58.                
Amazing. This is only 40 bucks more than my old condensor (cheap Apex435) and it's leaps and bounds above the old one. Super improvement, for so little cash.                
Haven't had to deal with it, so that's a good sign.                
Sexy. Black. Phallic. Good.                
Get one.                
I was really impressed. I work with condensers of Rode and the dynamic mics of Shure.This was the first time I was using an Audio Technica and I think more mics of this brand will follow in my studio. The AT2020 gives a neutral rich but still a warm sound and could be used for a large scale of vocals. If you are looking for a reliable and great sounding condenser mic extra, you have found a great bargain.                
For the price, there are not much accessoires included. A spider shockmount could be desireable.                
Plug it in on a mixing console with 48 v phantom power and you can record. I use this mic on my Allen and Heath mixing console, and it sounds fantastic.                
The solid and rugged body gives the mic expensive looks. this makes it also a reliablemic for on the road.                
No comments, just buy oneand use it, you wont regret it.                
I have not dealt with the company.                
If AT stays delivering this kind of quality products, I will probably buy more.                
I use these for live sound with international folk musicians and they are by far the best sounding vocal mikes I've used for the price, especially for vocalists that don't have as much on the high end.  They're good for some folk instruments as well, and handle high SPL's almost as well as dynamics.  I'm getting two more to take the place of a couple more of my SM58's.                
Wish these had an acoustic isolation mount that fit them.                
Couldn't be easier with a phantom power mixer, and the sound quality responds well to the input EQ's.  As with most phantom-power condensers, though, an XLR cable with an open wire will allow a little signal through on the ground shield, so if you're used to dynamics, you might not catch a bad cable.  (Got bitten by that myself, but if anything, it's a case of the mike working a little *too* well.)                
Fit and finish are decent, good for home studio/light stage use.  I wouldn't use these for a high volume rock band, they're a little delicate for that kind of work, but they're great for acoustic or folk music.  The mounts are rock solid and work well with boom stands, and setup/takedown is quick and easy.                
Well worth it for the price.  I'm getting more of them because they're good condensers.                
Wow! That was the first word that came to mind after listening to this mic. I am a professional voice over artist, and I have recorded at some great studios with great mics like the vaunted Nuemann U87, Senny, 416 shotgun, AKG mics, etc., and I can safely say this one is in my top 3. I was ready to pull the trigger on an AT4033CL, however after reading that this one was very comparable and sounded as good as other mics costing upwards of $500, I bought the AT2035. I did not regret my decision. I paired it with a Presonous tube amp, and was blown away. Nice, crisp highs and mids, not muddy on the lows. Just colors my voice perfectly. If you want a sampling of what I have recorded, just visit www.voxmaxaudio.net. 

Thanks, 

Joseph Andrade                
Includes a -10 db switch as well a bass roll off switch. Also comes with a shock mount, and carrying pouch. Nice.                
Just plug it in to your pre amp and get fantastic sound.                
This is a heavy, beautifully made mic. But then again all of Audio Technica's products are well made. Have not had a single problem with it.                
This is where the AT2035 really shines. For the price you are going to pay for this mic, you swear it sounds like a $500 mic. Tremendous value.                
Have not needed it yet.                 
Looks and sounds great!                
This one is a keeper! Would replace it in a heart beat!                
This is a fantastic microphone for the price range that it is in. The sound quality is very natural, nothing boosted, nothing attenuated. I used this microphone on a 4x12 guitar cabinet and got a very full and warm sound. On vocals, the at-2030 is great. Very clean and warm tone, nothing too pronounced and very easy to EQ and with such a flat response mic, compression works wonderfully on it.                 
The shock mount included is very sturdy and fits the mic well.                 
The microphone was very easy to use: set it up, adjust the pre amp gain and hit record. Thats it. The 80hz low cut is very clean and retains the warmth of the mic. The -10db pad is also very useful on loud sources such as amps.                 
The microphone has a very solid body and everything felt really well built. The shock mount that was included felt equally as sturdy and I never once winced at the thought of keeping the microphone in the shock mount for an extended period of time.                 
Like I said before the price you pay for the microphone does not reflect the quality you receive. For a value mic, there is none better.                 
Didnt need any support from the company.                 
It's not the prettiest mic in the world, but it gets the job done.                 
If I had $3400 to spend on a Neumann U87 there would no question BUT like most people I do not have that kind of budget. For the price this mic beats out many microphones in the $500-$700 range.                 
What can I say that hasn't been said? This thing is incredible! And the fact you can get it cheaper than the 2020 which has a smaller diaphragm is simply amazing. I'll put it this way, I've tried a lot of Chinese sourced mics costing as much as $500. This mic DOES NOT have that brittle high end so many Chinese mics have. It is basically flat all the way across. What goes in is what comes out. It works quite well with my Studio Projects VBT1, but when run through my Saffire Pro 40, it simply sounds amazing! I have two and would gladly by more but I'm waiting for my AT 2050 to arrive.                
A pad and a bass roll-off and the sound for $95 bucks....I can't think of another mic out there for under $400 that even comes close!                
Plug it in, turn it up, and go!                
Built like a tank and certain to last a long time as all AT mics seem to. The two I have are essentially identical in sound at identical pre amp settings...                
There is simply nothing that comes close for anywhere near the money.                
It looks great!                
A long, long time!                
This is a great mic for the price. I use it on acoustic guitar and vocals for recording my swing group. It has a very open and natural sound. I've also used it live to mic violin (great sound) and clarinet (good sound). I did not give it a 10 because there may be something else better out there.                
The only thing I wish it had is a switchable pickup pattern. What do you expect for a mic under $200?                
Sounds great with practically no EQ or processing.                
No problems so far. I've had one for about a year.                
This is the most mic for the money I have seen in a large diaphram mic.                
I haven't used their support.                
It looks nice, but that is not that important.                
I will probably add more mic's to my collection, but I don't foresee retiring this one any time soon.                
After reading a lot positive reviews on this microphone, I decided to buy it since I wanted to put together a small home studio setup in my bedroom, all connected to my laptop.
After having minor issues (all of which were on my end, like forgetting to buy a phantom power piece and an extra XLR cable) I finally got everything set up and was completely blown away by how sweet it sounds.
I meant to give the sound rating a 5, but couldn't change it :( But overall, the sound is absolutely amazing and it definitely is worth it with a small budget! (Spent approx. $200 for the whole setup including the stand)                
This microphone is splendid! My previous microphone got a lot of buzzing and static noise on the background and yet my voice isnt loud enough and it cost $130. but this one has a clear sound with a little low background noise. My voice sounded So clear yet this is just a $140 microphone. The built material is really sturdy and doesnt feel cheap at all. 
the problems that i experience this is the shockmount that isnt really decreasing the vibration from my mic stand. but isnt a big deal and this is Unbelievable for the price!                
The sound quality is great, I would like to buy another set pretty soon...Also, I was amazed by this mic, the first time I used it in my room I could hear my aunt chopping vegetables in the kitchen 2 rooms away...                 
It comes with a shock mount and a protective case and I could not ask for anything else                
I had trouble powering it at first because I didn't know it needed phantom power so I went ahead and bout a simple mixer which works great and after that I never had problems with it. Also this mic works well with my acoustic guitar, it picks up me singing and also the clean sound of my guitar...                
This Mic is Outstanding! Hands Down!                
A great mic at a cheap price... You could not ask for more... Trust me...                
Never had to use it, but I'm sure they are very helpful.                
This thing is a sexy beast... I can't stop using it! It really helped me on my vocals!                
I recommend this mic to everyone who are just starting out... I guarantee that you wont be dissapointed                
This thing is well worth the investment. Very versatile, and all around great mic for the price!                
Good sound for an inexpensive mic. Different than my Rode NT1A mics, but a good different.                
The shock mount works well. The additon of the pad and roll off are great features on a mic in this price range.                
Plug it in and start recording.                
The AT2035 is rugged and well made. I would feel confident using this mic is live settings.                
I paid $95 for this mic. The mic has great sound and is very quiet. Excellent value. A great choice for a home studio.                
This is a great little mic. It is not much of a contender when compared to Neumann U87, bt in the budget mic category you can't go wrong with an AT2035.                
I have had many large diaphram condenser mics, 2020, 4033, Cad, Berhinger, mxl. Our bluegrass band has been using 9 Shure beta 57aʻs, we decided to go back to the One Mic Tradition. The 2035 is great, we use 2020ʻs on the side for instruments but mic a 5 piece band with 3 mics, the 2035 in the middle. We pump out anywhere from 500 to 2,000 watts depending on where we are playing, with proper eq, this thing will do fantastic with 1-4 vocals, picks it up without any extra noise, again learn to eq.                
i cant belive i pay that price for this mic. sound clear, clean and very natural, its amazing, all the people that heard my new recordings with this mic say that sounds awsome                
Audio Technica cares about his costumers, this mic comes with a great Shock mount and a protective pouch. the shock mount its very usefull and it looks great the protective pouch its very good to but i will not keep my mic there.

i want to show everybody what we are talking about couse theres not a loot of pics of the audiotechnica at2035 on internet so this are a few photos that i take

http://i497.photobucket.com/albums/rr339/DjSairu/DSC04218.jpg

http://i497.photobucket.com/albums/rr339/DjSairu/DSC04222.jpg

http://i497.photobucket.com/albums/rr339/DjSairu/DSC04223.jpg

http://i497.photobucket.com/albums/rr339/DjSairu/DSC04227.jpg

http://i497.photobucket.com/albums/rr339/DjSairu/DSC04228.jpg

http://i497.photobucket.com/albums/rr339/DjSairu/DSC04231.jpg

http://i497.photobucket.com/albums/rr339/DjSairu/DSC04225.jpg
                
its very simple like everyother mic, i connected to my pream and its ready to record! simply as that                
it looks very solid, the quality of the mic its very good, i feel i can knock out someone with this mic and still working.                
if this mic was for $500 i think it will be a fair price, i mean u cant be wrong whit audio technica, everybody loves at2020 and this is even a better mic                
i never need it but i guess its great                
when i first look this mic i know this is the one i was gonna order. it looks a loot better than other mics.                 
im a satisfied costumer of audio technica, i think its a great company, and this mic its the best!! for the price u cant find anything better meaby the mxl are good to (i dont know) but u cant go wrong with the audio technica i honestly recomend this produc to anyone, from beginners to pro's this is the mic you want, trust me!!                
Awesome Awesome Awesome That's all I can say.                
Oops! Audio-Technica may just have made all their 

other mics under $350 obsolete!

=====================================================================

This mic is like a slightly-juiced AT3035 (which I also own), 

which was already a heck of a mic for the money 

and very underrated.

The sound of the AT2035 is B-I-G, full and crystal-clear. Used with even a cheap preamp, set at proper levels, there is 

no harshness in the highs to my ears, even with no EQ. 

This is not a "German-sound" mic with extra "sheen";It is a simpler, "true-sounding" mic with little coloration and fine presence.

It makes a quality, contrasting addition to a mic collection that already includes those popular & distinctive ADK, or Studio Projects-type "German-flavor" vocal mics.

Compare this to one of AT's somewhat more expensive mics, and the results may surprise you. In my opinion, AT Corp has reason to fear a shootout between this mic and the ones they put out that I won't name

in the $200-350 range. But do your own test if you can, and decide.                
The AT2035 has an effective shockmount. If you prefer to use it upside-down-style, just make sure it is pressed-in firmly.

Somehow, even though the capsule is 24mm (as compared to the 

old AT3035's 26mm capsule), the sound is slightly "bigger" or "fuller".

Just like the AT2020 model has an amazingly big sound for its 16mm capsule, the AT2035 has that characteristic even more.

I suspect similar technology/structure/materials here.

Obviously, some slight technical advance was made (to my ears).                
Soft ballad singers who can sing very close-up to the mic without topping meters can sound gigantic--Like you are right in their throat!

But even farther back, the mic still sounds big (hint: the closer you can sing to a studio mic without distortion, the "bigger" the voice sounds 

in the recording, due to proximity effect.

Just use the AT2035 with a simple preamp, get the levels right (clear W/low-noise), and definitely use a pop-screen if doing vocals.

This mic is best for vocals, various percussion, electric guitar cabs, 

and acoustic guitar close-miking.

I haven't used it with wind instruments so I can't offer anything there.                
Seems solidly-made.

TOP-VALUE ITEM in its price range.

I would even say...WOW.

1 of these and an ADK Vienna, and you are ready to deal with almost any  vocalist, at any time.                
N/A                
IMO, it is the current Tyrannosaus of studio condenser mics under $200.                
I expect lots of years of good use from this mic (for my modest demo/jam-studio), and many happy singers I have yet to meet, but will.                
I bought two Audio Technice AT2020 and AT2021 studio packs to replace Sure SM 57 and SM58's I used in sound reinforcement, but ended up using the Shures for recording sessions on my digital multitrack recorers.

Something was lacking in the sound of my prior recordings and I suspected the SM 57's and 58's as the primary suspects.

I recorded a rock band several weeks prior with the old Shures, and then recorded the same band again using the Audio Technica 2020 and 2021 condencer, phantom powered mikes. 

I could not believe the difference in clarity and frequency response range, from lows to highs.

I used the AT2021's as overheads on the drums to pick up the cymbals, and the larger AT2020's on the Marshall Amp cabs.

The difference between the Audio Technica condencer mikes for recording was far superior than my old mike set up.

I noticed at mixdown with these Audio Technica recording mikes that the flat signal recorded from each instrument needed very little EQ, if any, to sweaten up the mix. 

I liked them so well and they made so much difference on my digital multitrack recorder, that I bought two more Audio Technica Studio packages giving me now 4  AT2020's and 4  AT2021's; that's eight good phantom powered mikes for about $600 bucks, plus shipping.

You can pay thousands to get mikes that rate 10, but you can't get better recording mikes for the money.
                
The Audio Technica mikes are well made, feel solid, and work very well for digital multitrack recorders.

A spider shock mount would be nice to come with these.                
No problem using them, just make sure they are connected before you turn on the 48volt phantom power.

You may want a tube preamp for recording vocals into your mixer/recorder,

They work fine without additional preamps on musical instruments.                
The Audio Technica mikes were of top notch quality fit and finish, and worked well in live recording situations.                
I have spent three times the cost of the pair of AT2020/AT2021's and basically wasted money on one mike that did not perform as well as these mikes.

They are the big bang for the home digital studio buck.                
Never dealt with the company before.                
Good looking mike. Musicians commented, "Wow"! and were excited to record with them. Much better sounding recordings were made.                
I expect to be fully satisfied for a long time. These mikes improved my live recordings to professional quality sound, being much better matched to the sonic capability of my digital recorder, than my old Shures were.                
awesome. This mic can handle it all....acoustic, vocals...micing a guitar cab. Its definitely worth buying one.                 
very easy...just plug it in...duh...                
This was made well. Very sturdy. Great sound.                 
yes buy this mic. You will not be unsatisfied. As soon as I got it...I plugged in the two mics and then recorded myself strumming a few chords. Wow. Was I amazed at the sound and quality. Definitely worth buying...I know I said this already...but I want to reiterate this fact...                
no...hopefully I never do...                
I dont really care how it looks...that doesnt do it for me.....its how good it sounds thats important. Although I wouldnt buy a pink microphone so please dont get the wrong idea...hahahahah                
Great sound. Very easy to get a clean, hum-free recording, from both mics.                
Came with nice leather (faux-leather?) cases.                
You plug it in, tweak a few settings on your mixer or what have you, and you're gold.                
Both mics feel very sturdy.                
A huge amount of bang for your buck.                
Haven't used any company support, though I did file for a rebate, and that has been an easy process (so far).                
The large-diaphragm mic is definitely sexy-looking. The smaller one is also pretty sleek.                 
Fantastic product for an incredible price.                
We use 4 other higher end AT studio mics for our choir, which sounds good, but with these two added on, the congregation has praised the sound team for the crisper clarity improvement it's brought to the choir.                
 No low or high switches to mess with

simplicity is a factoid.
                
took only a few seconds to set the highs,lows, and mids. NO CRACKING noises.                
Sure I could have spent less money on a similar mic, but you always get what you paid for. I nearly got perfection.                
 Sure those shock mounts are nice but I didnt need them for my application.                
Been using this for acoustic recording at home, just simple singer songwriter stuff and it picks up what I need it to wonderfully.  It's is also versatile for recording use with my Metal band Nephilim Rising.  Great value, great product, I suggest getting one especially if you don't want to or cant drop 1500 buck or more.  Thumbs up guys!                 
This is an excellent mic for the money and is typical of my experience with AT mics. It has a fairly flat, nice full, clean response and does not have the brittle high end of many mics in this price range. Very good sound.                
Set the pattern you want and hit record. If you need to make any adjustments they can be done in production.                
You won't find a better mic without spending a lot more money!                
amazing! loved it easy to use and get a good sound out of, breathes, clear, warm...... For the price its hard to beat.                 
great came with a shock mount, the different patterns makes this baby versitile like crazy! used it on vocals, guitar(cab and acoustic), precussion, overheads and trumpet.                
simple so easy to work with.                
again for the price you paying.....AMAZING!                
value for money...... unbeatable                
havnt had to service it yet.... but to get another shock mount took me one call.                 
one of those cheap mics that "blow" you away.....                 
so surprised....... i got 2 2050 instead of one 4050.... dont get me wrong i would love to own 2 AT4050's but when budget is tight this mic is a complete professional for an entry level price.                
Very Very good condenser mic without spending the huge money(I run it through an Apogee Duet with Logic/KRKVXT6's/BeyerDT250's in my 10'by12'home studio)..absolutley world class!.My music flo is Acoustic/SingerSongwriter-very very nice on acoustic guitar and even better on vocals...on soft intimate vocals very present and detailed/takes a strong more forceful vocal with ease and good detail-the presence/feel this mic produces across a broad dynamic range is very nice...IMHO my gear is pretty good by home studio standards and so I am able to pick up next to anything going on outside of my soundsource/gear and to my pleasant suprise its not too sensitive to outside noise, and barring a passing V8/Train/Plane it actually keeps very good focus to the recorded source pretty tightly...Also actually fine to use without a pop screen(although I do use one occasionally)and it handles plosives/ess'ing pretty damn well....has a nice low self noise(again I have good sensitive gear and can notice otherwise)...equally good when sound source is up on the grill or 6ft back on it....Nice plugged into Genz Benz LT150 Acoustic Amp micing vocals and acoustic...                
Came with a nice shockmount of good quality solid build..,just like the mic,basically its very good to go, nice look black matte finish-looks good...like singing to a beautiful girl-it makes a difference singing into a good looking mic!...hahaha...(you know its true!)                 
Very easy to use, plug into my Apogee duet(has Phantom Power)and its on...have also used into my Genz Benz Shendoah LT150 micing both directly into amp and through vocal TC Helicon Voicetone correct pedal or just micing acoustic guitar, and it sounds very nice especially at lower levels until feedback(only used in small room with bad acoustics-so unsure how it sounds at higher sound level in a better suited environment...I bet its not bad and I am defintley keen to try!haha;)....                
Superb quality-people go on about Chinese condenser blah blah blah....but are you kidding,this is SOLID(accessories included)...This mic is sooo good it has made me an Audio Technica fan for life, I have since purchased an AE5400 handheld condenser which just shines...I am looking into an AT4021 for acoustic guitar studio/live and to be honest-if I had more cash to buy "higher end" gear i.e "the big names"i.e nuemann etc etc I would just go see what Audio Technica has in their top end of mic's....my thinking-if I can get such a great mic's a this price, what can I get from these guys for that quite a bit extra?....a prettty simple no brainer(for me anyway!)..                
I did HEAPS of research...(Listen to "Big Brother"...)and save yourself some time haha!!Best value for money/quality punches well above its weight-FULL STOP.                
Never had problems ,no need to...have you ever heard of anyone needing AT for support....I do ALOT of research before I buy my gear and I have never heard of anyone needing to...tells/told me one thing/pretty exceptional quality gear....                
Like I said before, something feels right about singing into a thing like this!However the most important thing(right?haha..) is the beautiful way this reproduces sound...Who can go wrong(I am fussy and I didnt.....anyway..)                
I will always keep it-its too good, I might look into some higher end AT's somewhere down the line cicumstances($$$)permitting haha...this AT4033 is the bomb, would mind checking out other high end"tube"mic's from them maybe.....if a mic at this price is this good?....ummmmmm                  
Excellent microphone. If I could afford a Neumann I would buy one, compare the two mics and probably not hear much of a difference in clarity. But then, I've been playing in rock bands for thirty years so.....All jokes aside, this is a beautiful mic for the money. I would highly recommend it.                
Almost indestructible.                
Stands up to all my other mics in almost all situations. Great for vocals, acoustic guitars, even pianos and amps. I would call that versitle. I also use it with analogue as well as digital venues with equal quality.                
Outstanding. Comparable to many "famous" mics that cost much, much more. I have recorded with 414s and U87s and the AT33 actally does some things better, especially in home recording situations, and holds its own in all situations.                 
Never needed it.                
Have the original. Am pleased that ater over a decade, a whole lot of people in music have agreed...That is why there is a Special Edition.                
I own the original...still working beautifully after 13 years. Currently, there are a pleathora of inexpensive (cheap?) mics on the market that tempt most of us. However, this one is priced very reasonably, but it gives much more quality than any other mic in the class. Buy it, You have 414s and U67s or U87s? But it. You will use it, and I believe you will adore it!                
THe AT 4033 is a nice mic. Solid build quality with a 10db pad and 80hz roll off. I have only used it for acoustic guitar and vox, and it shines in both applications. Very little eq needed with the roll - off engaged on acoustic. Suits my voice very well. A half db boost around 3k and another shelf @9, and my voice sounds great.                
great sound,although the noise spec. is not as good as my AT4040                
has a 10db attenuator and bass rolloff.It's cardiod only.                
built very nicely-sounds nice on vocals.                
great sound....very clean and bright                
pad, hp filter....its all you need, however a multi directional pattern would have been nice.                
easy                
great quality, i need a better preamp                
you gotta get one of these or two...i have two                
woo, i wanted it, i bought it                
great mic for under 1000                
the cable seems to do the job fine.  i can't attest to the connector quality, but it seems to be pretty good.                  
Awsome product so far sound was crips. Recieved product in two days. I was very happy on how it came and how it was package. Thanks zZounds!                
Too bad audio technica doenst live up to their name with this cable. Xlr tip Broke after just 30 days. But it does sound good.                
Poor quality materials and connections.   2 cables, both failed at the same time, after approx 40 gigs.    Cables were treated well, and not abused.   solder joints at the connectors failed, wire inside is very thin gauge.                
If it fails, it's worthless.                
It's a cable.                
I expected MUCH better from Audio Techica.    I specifically bought it because i didn't want a no-name cable that was going to fail quickly.   I probably would have been better off with a no-name.                
best price I've found throughout all the internet, quick delivery, product worked! I dont know about manufacturer support which the survey insists I rate, since I didnt have to use manufacturer support                
love it. we can not use the mic without the cord                
Excellent cartridge for capturing the sound of vinyl albums. Very clear.                 
I have always enjoyed Audio Technica cartridges and have owned several. After a break-in period of about 12-15 hours this cartridge really opened up. Bass extension improved dramatically and came forward  with authority, transparency is impressive along with slightly warm midrange and smooth, extended highs. A Bargain!  Tom I.                
This headset excels at music or games, sounds good even after 4 hours im sure it will get better. Two cons though mic isnt removable and the extension cable is really cheap. Also you should have a decent amp/dac, but if your looking in this range you probably already have one.                
First off, I bought a pair elsewhere, and the price was more expensive, so zZounds is where it is at. 
Simply put, these headphones are wonderful. Trebles, Mids, and Lows are all clear. Bass has a decent thump, but it stays true to the mix, rather than Beats by Dre's choice of cranking bass up.
The noise cancelling is wonderful. You could go to a football game and hear nothing. Personally, I enjoy fact that I don't need to crank the volume up much. This saves my ears a bit of trouble. 
The battery life is really great on the noise cancelling, two rechargeable batteries = no worries. 
The earpad things are awkward at first, as well as the noise cancelling, but once you get used to them, you will hate going with out it. A learning curve per se.
These  headphones are really good. Bose's line of acoustic headphones are a bit better, but they cost twice as much. These have more "bang for your buck."
If you want exaggerated bass, look at bose or Beats as these may not be for you, though I'd still recommend them even then.                
I havent used my headphones on a plane yet but wiyj my MP3 player they are great. I have changed the MP3's EQ to a flat response ase the headphones give an even great sound across all the frequencies                
They came with leads adaptors all gold contacts, a battery and carrying case so I could use it straight away and travel with them protected                
in normal mode they are great with the noise cancelling mode on the boost is even better                
its early days but the quality looks excellent I suspect they will last a long time                
i have no complaints at all                
cant see me looking to change them as they are idea for all purposes that you need headphones for                
I ordered the Headphones for the office to drown out the typical office chatter.  They worked wonderful.  The music is so good through them also,  just as the reviews write, as good or better than Bose.  I even took them to the range and they were better then any noise canceling headphones I used before.  And ZZounds price can't be beat and their shipping very fast.  I plan on buying some as gifts.  Thank you ZZounds.com                
I bought these to keep my kids from interfering with my online studies.  Since then, I've taken them to work where, with an mp3 player, I cannot hear 20mph winds and misc. noises.  These are great for working outside as long as you don't need to hear things around you.  Whether I listen to Chicago or to the Zutons, the reproduction is excellent.  It takes a bit to get used to the noise cancelling feature as it really gets quiet, kinda like your ears aren't working, lol.  I'll be buying a second pair.                
These come with a great hard case, plenty of plug adapters, and the case has a storage pocket big enough for a spare battery or two.                
Plug it in, turn it on, enjoy!                
These have a solid 'feel' to them.  I don't have to worry that I'm going to easily break them.                
I listened to the first Bose noise cancelling headphones many years ago at an airport demonstration booth.  These are every bit as good, if not better.                
Everybody who sees them, wants to hear them.  And as soon as they hear them, they want a pair.                
I'll keep these until they wear-out, then I'll replace them with a second pair.                
I love the Audio- Technica headphones. They are comfortable, a good price and I'd compare them to Bose! I could tell no discernible difference in the noise canceling or sound quality. To me, The only difference is price! Headphones come with a padded case, adapter cords and battery.                
Wonderful sound.  Noise canceling not quite equal to Bose, but an excellent value for the money.  I could barely hear outside noise on recent airplane flight.  I would recommend these headphones.                
Noise canceling not 100 percent, but perhaps 90.                
Seems well-made, carrying case very nice.                
I have the Bose Noise Comfort headphones. I bought the audio-technica as a cheaper alternative. The noise canceling, the sound, is not as good as with the Bose. However as they are $200 cheaper they are an excellent alternative.                
Damps external sound impressively. The lawn mover is a background murmur. Appreciate the feature of sound passing through with the power off as with passive headphones. Like the connectors and cables which allow various hook ups. As expected with over the ear cupped style my ears get hot. Not too bad for an hour or short on periods.                
Great, Except for the screaming baby next row up and the barking dog from Orlando to LAX. They did as well as could be expected but had to turn volume boost up . I also brought a Vic Firth set of cans that blocked out everything at half the cost. Down side is Bulk and weight. If you can deal with it, Get Them.                
These have good overall frequency response as a pair of listening headphones, but they really shine when the noise canceling feature is turned on. They truly cut outside noise tremendously well, and the music is fuller sounding for it. AT makes many great pairs of headphones and these are a good choice among many.                
i purchased this product to use while flying, it did a great job in muffling the sound of the plane, i use it with my mp3 player and it is nice sound quality cuts out all the noise from other sources.  I really enjoy using my head phones and would recommend them to anyone else.                
no                
very easy,                 
comfortable to wear not too heavy has great sounds                
yes the product is worth what i pay for it.                
no to all                
hopefully for years                
Please note that I am not even anywhere close to being an expert in this field but I really enjoy listening to music of all kinds. here are some of my opinions:
Noise Cancellation is on point. when listening to music or watching a movie, it does cancel out my sound souroundings. 
the 3 settings, are nice . I like the red LED setting which is the midfield fhz. 
the case is duarable and isnt snugged like other cases such as beats by Dre.
Accessories, could of been better, the cables seem a bit flimsy. Audio Technica, could of given another cable. but hey.
I use this especially on the train to work and it does keep outside noise out of my ear. However, people could sometimes hear what Im playing depending  on how high i have my music.
sound quality was slightly more important to me than NC. After all, if they sound bad, there's no amount of NC that can make them sound good!! However, I read an interview with someone high-up at Head-fi (perhaps the founder?), as well as with other reputable reviewers, and they ALL chosen the Bose QC15 over everything else.
The argument? NC headphones are generally used when you're away from home, in environments that are NOT conducive to analytical music appreciation.                
Personally, I hate most in ear headphones now because they are all those gummy earbuds that make your ears feel clogged when you wear them. I've been looking for earphones of a higher quality for a while, and when I came across these I thought I'd give them a chance. I wouldn't recommend them if you have small ears, because they're fairly large, but the sound quality is phenomenal and they are very stylish and comfortable. Now I can listen to my everyday music with nearly the same quality as when I track at my home studio.                 
These in-ears do not live up to the hype. I expected so much more. I would not recommend them.especially for stage.the sound middy,the fit has no seal. The deep lows advertised are not there.the clarity is not there and the earpieces come off the cable way to easy. Sorry not happy                
I bought these for my children who were using/arguing in taking turns on my expensive Grado headphones.  Guess what.  These headphones rock - extremely impressed.  zZounds folks shipped in 2 days and I am buying a pair now for myself to take on road.  The sound quality is seeiously full and dynamic for the price point.  Nice features and sound.                
These headphones have absolutely great sound performance with a wide range of music reproduction. They actually compete with a good quality external speakers. They are comfortable to wear for extended use and store easily in the carry case. These headphones have a better sound quality than those of considerably higher price                
These headphones are the best I've had. The sound reproduction includes widest range of High-Mids & Low-Mids. As most of you know it's hard to find an affordable headset for recording/mixing/listening in the under $100 range. There comfortable to wear for extended use, I'm a drummer. These headphones are not BASS HEAVY. But you can hear and feel the lows & highs too. Being on a tight budget like so many I'm glad I bought these.                 
These headphones are the bessst! They sound flat and accurate.They reproduce sounds very accurately. They sound like my Mackie studio reference monitors. I am very impressed to find headphones of this quality for less than 100 dollars. I am very satisfied with these headphones.                
Straight out of the box, these things might sound a little sharp. Don't get me wrong, clarity is good! But after you bump the volume up on these babies for a week or two, they're broken in like the best pair of shoes you ever tied around your feet. You're able to hear every little hidden beat you weren't able to hear through earbuds or previously owned headphones. I disagree with being "all about that bass, no treble", but if you're listening to music on your iPod/iPhone, do your ears a favor and set your Sound EQ to "Reduced Treble". This should even it all out pretty well. But it goes to show: a little bit of fine-tuning with these will lead to the best music-listening experience you've had. My $320 pair of Beats don't even compare to the M50's.                
No tedious knobs or switches, just a basic aux port which is absolutely ideal for music-listening. Adjustable bands on either side of the headphones makes a comfortable fit inevitable.                
Again, the single aux port grants serious ease of use, even with the multitude of cords and adapters that come wtih the headphones; it's all universal. Works flawlessly with Apple products, Androids phones, PC and Mac... it works with damn-near everything.                
So I'm sitting here, tapping on my Beats by Dre, and they sound like a hallow plastic toy you might buy for your 10 year-old nephew. Now, I'm tapping on my new Audio-Technicas and they sound like a solid piece of oak. They're mostly plastic, but they aren't cheaply made. No seems in the plastic; just a SOLID pair of headphones.                
Why were these not upwards of $300? I mean honestly... if I had listened to these without knowing the price, I would guess them to be around $340+. It's completely backwards (which I have no reason to complain about), equal-quality Beats being around $340 and these standing around a little less than $200. Honestly, the M50's are undervalued for their given quality. I would more than likely pay over $200 for these headphones.                
Just.... WOW. I think I have said it all. BESTHEADPHONESEVER I've never been a fanboy of anything before, but I don't think I can say that anymore.                
Thinking about snagging yourself a pair of Beats, Sol Republics, or Bose headphones? Seriously, THINK AGAIN. These M50's are truly the best headphones you've never heard of.                
Great sound, voice and instrument are very clear (monitor). Bass not too much, enough for my liking. Comfort is top notch for me. Wore it for couple of hours did not hurt my ears at all.                
As a music producer & audiophile I've used different monitor speakers and headphones and listen to music mostly as WAV and AIFF files. But with these headphones I've been able to hear so many new details and be moved by songs in a way I've never experienced before. It's super inspiring. I can hear the vocals so clearly and hear exactly what's happening with echos adlibs and effects. Overtones and differences in the amounts of reverb are very distinct too. The entire tone is beautifully full from high to low end & you can feel the impact and depth of the sub bass while also hearing the all detail of the waveform and the attack and decay and everything. Hearing what's going on with the panning has never been easier either. I checked out FKA Twigs, Drake, Ariana Grande, Travi$ Scott, Famous Dex, Keith Jarrett & Charlie Haden, Baden Powell, Kanye West and much more and it's so cool hearing the articulation and such a range of tones in an instrument and hearing everything so distinctly. These are equally good for acoustic and electronic music. The price is right, the build feels totally sturdy and comfortable, noise cancelling is very effective. I also like that where the audio cable plugs into them it twists to lock so they won't accidentally get pulled out. Basically they're perfect & I couldn't be happier I bought them.                 
I was about to order the Beats Pro and had no doubt they were the best headphones I've had heard until. . . 
After researching online and watching several different reviews from different people, I was convinced to buy the Audio-Technica ATH-M50x headphones. I have to say: I have nothing but great things to say about these headphones; I am so glad and happy I bought these instead of the overpriced Beats Pro. My suggestion to a buyer is to go online and watch the reviews on these headphones before spending so much money on Beats Pro (not that they're bad), but they are really overpriced and many people will agree with me that the sound quality on the ATH-M50x are way superior. I just love them!                
I've been using the sennheiser hd280 pro for the last year+ as part of mixing/mastering set up, & I was very pleased with the performance of the hd280. I need another pair of headphones because of an additional performer that I started working with...I wanted a fantastic pair of cans for less than $200usd. Read a ton of reviews & chose the M50x...wow...wow. Monitoring on the hd280 is like listening to music under water! The M50x is so clear...you can hear everything in your. The seperation is awsome...the base response is amazing...stop reading and just go get a pair already. You'll be happy that you did.                
These headphones are incredible.  I have AKG K77, Sennheiser HD-280 Pro, Phillips noise-cancelling, and various other headphones.  The M50x blow them all away.  Bass like you wouldn't believe and super clear mids and highs.  Also they come with 3 (yes three!!!) different types of cords which are removable.  very comfortable for hours of mixing without fatigue.  I just put together a new digital recording studio and these are now my #1 go-to headphones.                
I've owned quite a few set of 'cans' over the years and have to say that these exceeded my expectations. I've read many positive reviews, so I expected very good performance, but these are much more fun to listen to, and more comfortable, than any closed-back headphones I own. They provide nearly the same level of sound isolation as my Vic Firth Drummer's cans, but with *FAR* superior SQ. The level of detail is greater than my AKG K-240 MK II, but they do give up a tiny bit in the way of comfort to the good 'ol reliable AKG's. I love them both. Now I can use the same 'phones for full-volume drum practicce as I do for critical listening for pleasure. Great price and service from my favorite music store, zZounds, and as always the 4 payment option makes them easy to own. Thanks for another great experience!                
These headphones are a major upgrade to my previous Sony headphones. They are very articulate and actually sound balanced in all frequencies!                
Loving the ATH-M50x Headphones. very comfortable and great frequency response range.                
My first product review, I highly recommend these for any type of music listening on your laptop, iPhone, Andriod, etc. They truly are great. For my first pair of real quality headphones, I hit the jackpot!                
These headphones exceeded my expectations! I have a pair of Bose AE-2's that I use as my primary pair of headphones. (Always thought the sound quality was "OK") These new ATH-M50mx phones blow the Bose out of the water!!! Nice, tight Bass, open Mids and sparkling highs! Perfection! The Bose have been donated to my Grandson! Lol!                
I am a professional drummer/percussionist and a not so professional studio rat so I have tested many, many different headphones and IEM's. I personally own probably a dozen different brands/models but my go to phones were the Sennheiser Pro 280's For everyrhing Studio and practice but for live events I preferred the Audio-Technica ATH-M50X for a slightly fuller meatier low end. 
That is until I traded three Ben Franklins here at zZounds for a pair of these M70X phones. Knowing what I know now I would gladly have given 4 possibly 5 Franklins for a pair of these cans but they are easily worth the going rate of $299 so if your on the fence at all about spending the cake for these no worries my friends you will be pleased with the investment. Now I reach for the M70's in every studio session, rehearsal and especially enjoy these in live events! I can royally beat on my skins with my largest pair of sticks and what I can hear is much less than with any other brand/model and I can wear them for hours and hours and never get tired of wearing them, really! But best of all of course is they're ability to reproduce the music cleanly the way it was meant to be heard. Even at high volumes these cans are clean and efficient. I could go on and on about the case, the detachable cables, the padded headband and yes the sound! But I wont because I'm tired of typing and your tired of reading so part with the Ben Franklins and purchase a pair of these today. You'll be glad you did and the only issue you will have is trying to decide what to do with your current set of cans!                 
I bought these headphones for mixing as well as casual listening and they are the best headphones I've owned. I prefer the balanced, accurate sound from these over any other headphones. I always heard about having to burn them in to get the best sound, but they honestly sounded great straight out of the box (I'm sure they'll sound even better down the road).                
I bought these mainly for my production and being able to mix without the use of monitors. First time using them they were amazing very detailed and flat just like i needed them. I have some trouble with the high end but thats just me learning the headphones. I think these are great and def. recommend them!                
better than I expected. exactly what i was looking for in a studio headphone. smooth mids and highs and plenty of bass. the detachable cable is a plus and the carrying case is great too. very pleased!                
It might seem a lot of money, yet these ATH-MSR7 are well worth it. I tried the Audio Technica ATH-M50x and the ATH-M70x models, they are good, this one is much smoother and an elegant design. They are quite cushy and a little tighter on the head than some. I mix and record tracks using these often and find these a very high fidelity tool.                
I call these headphones, "The Truth"! They are very precise and detailed! These are the best headphones I've ever owned for critical listening! Very Nice!                
These are the lowest priced, high-resolution headphones I have found in the $180-$200 price range.  Many other headphones CLAIM to be high-resolution, but these ATH-MSR7 are the only ones I found that truly are. These can are very comfortable for long periods of time and the sound is balanced. If you have the extra money these headphones won't disappoint. 
These headphones have great frequency response, even in the low end. I was kind of suspect about them being openback at first but they are shockingly quiet in that regard. If you mix like I do and want some great headphones to use when switching between them and your studio monitors for cross reference these are a perfect fit for the price! They are everything I thought they would be!!                
These headphones are a great value for the price! I am currently using them on an electronic drum set and the sound is amazing. Great treble and bass!                
I've seen and read some mixed reviews of these headphones but in my opionion they're very good overall. As far as features they have a kind of light noise cancelation and a hear through mode which I tried and is really cool, it lowers the volume somewhat and uses the mic to boost sounds in the room. It's kind of the opposite of noise cancellation I guess but it's an interesting idea and I'll be curious to see if it ends up being useful.Built quality is excellent with lots of metal and really nice padding everywhere, They're super comfortable for long periods of time.Sound is good and very detailed, it's definitely a colored sound so maybe not for everyone but they're super fun.Value is ok, they're a little expensive, I could see them being a good value at the $200 range but at $250 they're just ok. I got them on a warehouse reseal deal and they arrived in perfect condition so they were a bit better value for me personally.I'm super happy with these headphones, everything is really good. Sound, quality, battery life and features all stand out to me. Give them a try especially if you can score a good deal on them.                
I've had this table for about 3 months now and have been playing in the club with it. So far it is the best turntable I've played on. Every week I have to pack up and move my stuff from my studio to the club and everywhere else I am going to play, so it has been very durable in that aspect. It also looks great! When I'm playing in the club, people always walk up to make requests and I catch them looking at them. One guy in particular always comments on how cool it looks. So it's got a good "wow Factor" The motor on this thing is unstoppable. I pressed down on my record to see how much pressure it can handle, and I had to chicken out because I was putting a lot of pressure and it still would not stop. I had Numarks before and they would stop if you put too much on the platter. Features are great to play with. The start and stop break times are fun to experiment with to see what effects you can make with it. The S-arm is great. If you get it all set up right it wont skip at all. I had straight arms on my Numarks and they didn't feel this sturdy. Long story short; Super OEM all the way, and these are the ones to get!                 
This Transaction was fast,easy and satisfying.I had not seen this turntable in person but I knew the Audio Tecnica line of products and had sold and owned their products. I have a large record collection and my present table was OK but I liked all of the features of the Audio Technica ,especially the USB and ability to archive digitally,The fact that has a heavy duty motor and great controls ,Quartz lock,range of pitch control, 33,45 and &78 speeds,(I own 78s as well) A great table for battle or easy use. The table is easily set up .I have several cartridges and headshells and all are compatible with the tonearm.The reviews looked good so I chose to take advantage of the 8 payment plan.The table arrived in good condition in 2 days.I have been happy ever since.Buy it you won't be dissatisfied.                
I bought 2 of the AT-lp1240's in the hopes it would satisfy my need for a replacement DJ turntable and I have to say that they do not disappoint. The motor itself should be a selling point due to its high torque alone, but that's not the only great thing about this TT. The switchable phono/line output is a saving grace for those who are using a purely analog mixer or a mixer with an audio interface built inside. The dual start/stop buttons are very convenient for those who like to DJ with the decks in "Battle Style" (or vertical oriented) setup. My favorite feature has to be USB connector so that you can record any vinyl and convert them to a digital music format (MP3, AIFF, FLAC, etc.). Honestly, it's hard to find any fault with this turntable.
All in all, this is a turntable that's definitely worth its price.                
I have been a DJ since 1986 I got my first real pair of tables the following year, which was a used pair of Technics 1200MkII. Mine were the European version because they had adapters on the power supply ends for American use! Now I never thought in a million years that a new turntable could steal my heart away until I purchased a new pair of AT-LP 1240'S These tables make those others loom mediocre! That's a bold statement! But try them yourself and you too will be convinced! I love my new tables!                 
bought one to hold me over while onebof my technics is being repaired. quickly discovered that i prefer the atlp1240 over the 1200. It's a very strong contender in the world of post technics - super oems and highly underrated. strongly recommend for anyone on the fence about buying used technics(which WILL eventually need servicing) and the newer ridiculously overpriced pioneer iterations. 
I plan on buying another                 
I purchased this to replace a turntable for my vintage system that I purchased in the 70's.   Although it is a manual turntable instead of the semi-automatic it replaced, I couldn't be happier.  It took me about two hours to set (I'm a perfectionist), but most people could do it in about 15-20 minutes.  But the extra time was worth it.  I couldn't be happier.  The speed is correct, the tracking is perfect, the anti-skate is dead on, and it is heavy.  Absolutely no skipping or feed back through the tone arm. And the sound is amazing.  I am using a spare AT 95 cartridge, which is a mediocre, but good, beginners cartridge.  Can't wait to hear what it sounds like with a really good AT or Ortofon cartridge.  It will probably blow me away.    I know this is primarily a DJ turntable, but for home use and for audiophiles like me it is perfect.  I highly recommend it.                 
The quality and build of this turntable is on par with the Technic 1200, but more modernized and additional torque. I purchased this with the Pioneer S9 mixer and I'm in heaven.                
Had to try this deck. I've tried all makes and models of every sort of turntable for scratching and mixing and I have to say this deck impressed me with its accuracy and its performance. The pitch is lock solid on any pitch %. The looks is as good as its durability and features. I am impressed. 
To all you scratch djs.... This turntable is a must for you bedroom DJ's.                 
I was going to get 1200s but they are pricey if you buy reconditioned and ready to go and to buy used from private seller you don’t know what you’re going to get and parts are expensive on 1200s. So I decided that instead of spending $450 on 30  year old 1200s I could go brand new current technolgy and I did. I have absolutely no regrets about my purchase. The torque is way more powerful than a 1200. It comes with a dust cover and headshell too.  I recently mIxed with vinyl and that too sounds clean !! You can buy other super oems but this one here is the one to go for. You will have no regrets                 
I have been a spinning wax since 1991 I got my first real pair of tables in 2000, which was a great used pair of Technics 1200's later got 2 more Then owned a New 1210. Now I never thought in a million years that a new turntable could steal my heart away until I purchased a new pair of AT-LP 1240'S. That's a bold statement! But try them yourself and you too will be convinced! I love my new tables!                
For the money you can't beat these super OEM turntables. Very nice, well built and solid as a tank. Plus they come with  dust covers already. You can pay twice the price for a pair of old 1200s or even some new PLX-1000s if you want but these are the same exact thing as the Stanton St 150, Reloop 7000s and Plx - 1000 for less money. I love my 1200s but it's time to move on and these are my new favorite turntables. Did I mention it had a very strong motor? zZounds makes it happen with their pay as you pay plan... Thank you zZounds!!                 
It produces a double tap "cogging" sound when the motor is initially engaged. After which, it becomes quieter than many new, more expensive, belt-drive tables. I like direct drive tables, and I know they can sometimes be noisy, so I've gotten my ear right down to the platter on this one, and it's vert quiet, indeed!
The included cartridge is better than those included on tables that cost double the price. However, all initial carts are intended to be upgraded.                
It has no VTA or azimuth adjustment, as far as I know. A thicker/thinner mat can always fix VTA, and tables that cost $1000 don't usually have azimuth. Lack of features is honestly a plus in a home table vs one for DJ use. I wish it didn't even have the pre-amp, but at least it can be switched off. Features like auto-return and such can break, and also add unwanted noise. The anti-skating is great, which definitely matters. The tonearm lever lowers it very slowly. That's also awesome!
It does what it needs to do, not much more. Plays 33's and 45's. Yes, it has USB, which I also wish it didn't have, because RCA recording is just as easy.                
If your headshell comes aligned (mine was), then it's as easy as it gets! They include an alignment protractor so you can be sure. Other than that, it's plug and play!                
Amazing for the price! I imagine it will last a lifetime! Yes, there are better tonearms, better platters, better isolation feet... you can spend $10,000 on a table, and you still wont have "the best". They say you get what you pay for. I feel with this table, you get a little more than that.                
Best new, budget, direct drive table on the market for home use. Period. End of discussion. Spend 4X more, and get a Technics SL-1200G or get this one.                
I've never needed to contact Audio-Technica.                
It does kind of look like a black and silver bad-ass... yeah!                
It appears that AT didn't bother to carefully spec this table. They knew it was better than X, so they just slapped X on the package. This seems very much to their detriment, as independent reviews show it surpasses the specs in almost every way. More on this in the details.                
Although direct drive, it doesn't have the features typical of a modern DJ table. What it has, however, are specs far better than listed, making it a great table for home listening.                
Just like all the ratings say this is the best turntable money can buy unless you feel like spending over $300. This is my second turntable, but first of this brand and I was amazed by how great the sound quality is. The arm is automatic, which is a feature I really enjoy. There is some minor setup required (attaching the belt & slip mat), which is super simple and if you can't figure it out Audio Technica has how to videos on youtube. If you are thinking about buying a turntable I would definitely consider the LP-60. It also shipped fast in very durable packaging.                 
I bought this turntable to replace my Audio Technica AT-LP50, bought 3 years ago which I put back as a spare. The "60" sounds identical....which is pristine(as in 20-20K flat frequency response, no rumble or other noise)! You can spend $500 on a turntable and not hear any better results! The "60" has a clear plastic dust cover which I like better than the tinted cover of the "50". My only complaint: the 60 has a cheap porous(as in holes in it) platter mat where the 50 has a solid rubber mat. The older solid rubber mat will not allow debris to fall into the table's mechanism. The AT-LP60's mat will. Borrow another platter mat. Other than that, this is a fine turntable for digitalizing your LP collection. I reccomend it for ANYONE who wants to explore vinyl. The controls/mechanism are the same as the previous "50" model and work great. A fine product and actually looks cooler than the 50. If you buy one, go ahead and order a replacement stylus with it and store it. I stick with what I know works, and AT turntables work, even if you spend less than $100. These turntables may track at around 3-4 grams compared to the vintage tables at 0.75(or less) grams, but IMO that is better for today's aging records and not harmful in any way.                
It comes with all needed cables to connect to PC line in or any other line level or phono level input. And a 45rpm record adapter.                 
This is a very user friendly product and can be set up in minutes. The sound is pristine. The manual is very clear.                
I have no worries that it will last for at least 3-5 years. My only complaint is the cheap platter mat, a minor issue and can be replaced.                 
This is the bar-none best turntable on the market for the money. The quality to price ratio on this is extremely high.                 
Never had to deal with them. No issues.                
It is a very sexy turntable. The turntables of old looked totally masculine with controls(antiskating, etc) to clutter them up. This is a marvel of simplicity to appeal to Lady Gaga or Miley Cyrus.                
If I replace this product, it will be with the same item, or it's "next generation" AT turntable. I have decided to stick with this manufacturer forever.                
I've hooked my turntable up to my Fast Track Pro; with the right adjustments it comes out crystal clear, records perfectly with no feedback, clicks, or pops.                  
The ability to switch from phono to line is nice.  The turntable doesn't have anything that'll "WOW" you as far as features go, but it gets the job done and is simple to use.                
As I just said, it's easy to use.  Setup was a cinch.  Five steps to set it up and you're ready to rock.                  
I mean, you get what you pay for.  I was shopping for a beginner's turntable and it seems to fit the bill.  Audio Technica makes some great stuff for reasonable prices, and this turntable is no different.  I probably wouldn't "take it on the road" with me, but I think as a household turntable, I bet anybody who is good at taking care of their equipment can get several years of good use out of it.                  
It's a basic turntable with great sound quality; unless you want something to scratch with, which will probably run you AT LEAST twice as much (especially DD tables), this is as good as an entry level table gets.                
I haven't had any problems yet, and I hope I don't have to.  I will say that when I've had tech problems with my Audio Technica gear before, their support was easy to reach and friendly.                  
Not very sexy, but a good get for a beginner.                  
I hope to get solid use from this turntable for 1-2 years (at least a year).                
Product could have used a little longer cable for hookup to receiver, especially since onend is attached to unit.                
Since buying this I have realized what I've been missing out on. Vinyls have become a preferred method for listening to music because it has a more personal connection. The only downside of this product is having to buy speakers separately, but you'll be happy you went with this product. I love that the arm automatically places itself onto the record simply by pressing "Start." This is VERY user friendly and I plan on buying it again for my secondary apartment!                
This turntable works out fairly well given it costs relatively the same as turntables that perform much more poorly. I am convinced that it sounds just the same as the more expensive atlp120. I have this hooked up to a Behringer minigraphic eq and it sounds pretty good through my mid-grade sony sound bar with subwoofer. Its not a perfect audiophile setup, but it has a lot of value for entry level enthusiasts. I am convinced you won't get a better experience without spending at least $500.                 
This is a great turntable.....the sound is awesome!                  
After much shopping around and comparing many different starter turntables, I chose the Audio Technica AT-LP60 Turntable. The price was right and it has performed fabulously, including playing some old and not well cared for LPs. It is simple to operate and I like that it has it's own amp built in so that you can hook it up to self-powered speakers when a stereo system is not available. Overall, very satisfied with my purchase.                
Was very pleased with the quickness of the delivery. It was well packed and was very easy to assemble.it was very easy to hook it up to my old stereo. The sound was overwhelming. I enjoy listening to all my old records. They even sound very good with the new turn table. I would give it a five star rating overall.Eliminate the incorrect stars.                
Decent for reasonable play. There is rumble if you walk into the room if the floor is sensitive to stepping around where you place it. Good value for the money. Ready to go with cartridge, preamp, and necessary cords.                
Good sound IF you don't have a sub, then it will feed back through if you are not careful.  I had to move up to a heavier table.  For bookshelf speakers it would be fine.                
Lots of nice features for entry level, auto start and stop, but no tracking or anything                
Very easy to use                
Its kinda on the cheap plastic side, but what do you expect for this price point?  Its a great deal.                
This thing is priced great, no arguing that                
Didn't need AT support, but Zzounds was great                
Not real sexy, but what do you want for this price?                
I had to return it and upgrade, couldn't handle my speakers                
I had an issue with my prior AT LP60 that I had ordered in which it simply didn't work. I called and spoke to several employees who were very kind, and timely in their replacement with a working unit. I hate to say that I had my doubts when reading about Zzounds,  but this was a solid first experience.                
I was really excited for my first turntable to come in the mail but to my disappointment it came broken. I thought it was me not knowing what to do but the gentleman who picked up the phone said it was the turntable. I hope i get a working one when i return this                
Like any audio device, the sound is only as good as the weakest link. Since I only use this product through my computer, well, there is the weakest link. It performs as I expected, and with the free Audacity software download, I can convert my vinyl to digital format. The discs sound great in my stereo, so I rate the device as very good.                
No problems setting it up. Just plug into line in and play.                
It was certainly worth it to me. It does everything I wanted it to do.                
No issues, no contact with the manufacturer.                
Basic practical unit.                
I expect this will be the last turntable I ever buy.                
Great turntable.  It was easy to hook up and sounds great.  For the price this is a perfect option for someone who just wants to play some records.                
super basic.  no frills.                
so easy to use!                
It seems good enough, especially for the price.                
For the price this turntable has some very nice features. My 18 daughter is really into vinyls just like her dad was in the day. The alumina platter auto/start and versatility in speaker option are wonderful. I couldn't afford a full system so it's nice she can simply connect her Bose computer speakers directly to the turntable because it has a preamp. She has a MacBook and will use it to make MP3s. We love the looks too                
Ordered as a gift for my wife and she loved it! Since it already has a built in pre-amp, I was able to buy some inexpensive, powered, studio monitor speakers that plugged into the RCA cables on the back of the turntable into the speaker's AUX input. Wires were included with the turntable, so I didn't have to buy any extra. Just speakers and turntable and it sounds way better than any combined speaker/turntable units like Crosley. It looks nice. It's easy to use. So glad I got this set up!                
I just recently got into vinyl about 4 months ago so this turntable is perfect for me. A friend of mine gave me his old one which is basically an older version of this minus the USB capabilities but it was really finicky and frustrating.  This one that I bought is fantastic. It works perfectly every time and is extremely easy to assemble and use. The sound is great and I am overall very pleased. I am sure other turntables produce a better sound and are overall higher quality and I will eventually get to them down the road, but for now this one is perfect. The only downside really is not having a 10" setting.                
I can't recommend this.  Via the USB connection, it is clearly an overdriven signal, distorts pretty badly, whether recording or just listening.  

The hardware, while pretty well thought out, has a cheap feel.

I'll do more research to try to figure out how to make it work, but if you're looking for "plug and play", at least with my Windows 7 machine, this ain't it.                
Did come with cords and adapters; pretty well appointed in that regard.                
See above.                
If it doesn't work as advertised, what value is there?                
Don't know about support, can't get them.                
I may be sending this back.  Very disappointed.                
THE TABLE IS GREAT FOR THE PRICE AND A WORKING MAN I HAVE A LOT OF RECORD AND BEEN PUTTING OFF GETTING A NEW TURNTABLE WITH USB AND I ALSO LOOKED FOR ONE THAT ALSO HAD RCA SO I CAN HOOK IT TO MY HI FI IF I WISH, BUT AFTER USE THIS CO. I MAY JUST IN THE FURTURE BUY AN OTHER ONE SO WOULD'NT HAVE TO CHANGE THEM OUT GOOD BUY GOOD CO.                
Not as smooth or refined as my old magnetic cartridges, but OK.  Unfortunately, the cartridge cannot be taken off, so that I could not mount one of my old (better) cartridge.  It will do.                
The software for digitizing records (Audacity)is very sophisticated, but the instructions are very poorly organized and almost too complicated for a regular, non-nerd person like me.

The "Off" button on the turntable does not work, I have to lift the tonearm off manually to stop a running record.                
Software instructions too complicated, poorly written, very hard to follow for the average user.

The handle on the sound cartridge (to lift off the tonearm) is small and at an awkward angle. It is almost impossible to lift off the tonearm without dropping it.                
This a great microphone at any price.  Very flat response.  Maybe a bit of extra shine around 12khz, but nice and flat.  Very quiet.  Works well for anything.  I use 2 of them in stereo for Classical Guitar.   I have a great mic preamp, and great converters which i believe is a must with any mic.  Dont expect anything great from any mic unless you have your entire signal path really together.                
The side address is cool, cause the cable hangs straight down, so there is no wear on the end of the cable.   Its small, and light.                
easy to use.                
i baby my equipment, so i cant comment on ruggedness.  But it has worked with no problems so far.                
you wont find a better small condensor for this price.                
Have'nt needed any support.                
I cant live without these mics                
The first time I heard the amp I was impressed with the difference. While not as forward, it was wide, open, and clear. An acceptable trade off. Highs were crisper, almost hyped but not annoying. We'll say sharper. The bass was clear and accurate as well although lessened, much like I would expect from a monitor and I can live with that. I've enjoyed this amp on both the 215's at work, being much clearer on dialog and around the house or running errands with the HD598s for the sound stage. I signed up for Tidal just to really test this thing and while I can't say anything definitive about using Tidal's "HiFi" files there is something there that makes the experience more enjoyable, something subconcious perhaps. It's not the night and day difference of fringe distrotion we hear in 128kb/s music versus 320kb/s mp3's, but from 320 to 16/44.1 it's...more engaging, I'm more aware of the music. More believable, maybe fuller sounding? The difference is enough I would prefer the files from Tidal or similiar services, but not enough I would buy everything again just for the maybe 20% increase in quality-ish-ness.The original idea to even buy something like this came from the SkullCandy Methods inability to handle my mix files I was printing for reference. Once copied to my phone the Note 8 would silently compress and downsample them to compatability but playing from the laptop I record and mix on would not work. With the AT and 215s worked like a charm, and with the sonic characteristics I was able to reference as needed and study the mix elements, so another point for the PHA there. I tried different mixes in 16 and 24 bit, flac and wav, all worked like a charm and this lends to the amp being clean in it's reproduction as my mixes were darker and muddier (still learning) compared to my music library. In the car I have the stock radio and speakers but have added a JL Audio 10W7 in a sealed box powered by a JL XD 700/5 to round out the sound. Until I finish replacing the speakers and rewiring them to be powered by the amp I have no Aux In, so I use an FM transmitter, which most of us know is not great but better than nothing. The FM transmitter introduces static and is subject to interference, and worst of all has a low output meaning I have to turn the radio up more than I'd like to get decent volume but with a high very noticable noise floor during pauses or quiet parts. Enter the AT 55BT, using this as a preamp with my phone in a clamped windsheild mount the noise floor is significantly defeated and signal is improved greatly as well as quality. The most noticable difference here is the bass is stronger unlike in my headphones which I thought was strange. No distortion at all at full tilt from the phone and AT amp, making a much more enjoyable experience in the car as well. So from my trials, I find this unit to be good at what it does for it's intended purpose; a high quality bluetooth preamp. It's usefullness has me loving it and using it more and more, but I still have doubts.                
The unit is surprisingly small. Think Bic lighter, this thing is 1.5x the height and width, as thin or thinner. Light as a feather, perfect for the coin pocket on your jeans or even a shirt pocket. This lends to feel of it being well made, if you drop it it's too light to make a real impact, doesn't seem to flex, and the included clip protects the switches and buttons.The face is machined with an almost holographic Audio Technica logo which is for lack of better words, sexy. It's a very pretty device, nice to hold in your hand, the buttons are familiar the 3 lights on the front dance during operation and functions. It reminds me of Sony devices, how they have sounds and visual cues to add to the experience of the device. Very Japanese!I first used this as a normal Bluetooth device, paired it, plugged in and spent some time with it. I will say plainly that it will not push high end headphones, know this now. With the amp mode switch (mode A/B or gain Hi/Lo) there really wasn't a significant difference, only a slight boost in volume meaning that for the HD598s I had to turn my phone up into the orange (above 60-75%) which I normally would anyway but the fact I had to, to even start getting loud with the Hi gain option was disappointing but not a deal breaker. It definitely gets loud enough to enjoy and drown out ambiance but headphones that are 50 ohm or higher may not benefit from this amp. Conversely its excellent with IEMs. Probably my favorite use for it with the true 7 or 8 hour battery life I use it at work in a fabrication shop where it's very loud and the Shure's offer superior hearing protection over typical earbuds.Now I've been using it in LDAC mode which it confirms with a green light on the front. On the Note 8 when you pair them together there is a slider in the menu where you would forget the device for LDAC, you have to enable it. I also turned on developer options and forced AptX 16 and 24 bit, 44.1 and 48k to little or no imporvement over SBC. Probably because of the files themselves. But with LDAC enabled the phone transmits 32bit 96k by default, basically the difference between fiber and standard cable for internet. The headroom is there if you need it and can benefit you even if you don't. The problem I've encountered here is packet loss or audio/signal dropout. Intermittantly anyway, no disconnects. I have had this problem where if I kneel or squat down the bluetooth would become erratic with popping and CD like skipping, not very often but it happens. This amp seems to be prone to that. At first it seemed like the phone itself was having trouble processing the audio at that high of a level and do everything else it needs to causing artifacts but I've had it happen when handling the amp and even my headphones, coincidence maybe but it's happened often in a short period of time. It bothers the crap out of me but not enough I want to send it back because it doesn so well in so many places. Just something to be aware of. When I receive the device everything looked in order except that there was a small plastic film/bag in the bottom of the box making me think it had already been returned and maybe it's just this unit is iffy. Hard to say.While I'm sure using LDAC reduces battery life I'm not aware and the amp uses a normal micro usb and probably does best with .5-1 amp blocks so charging is easy. I would recommend that the batter be excersised for this type of device if you want it to last and you should at $120. Drain it completely and charge it completely to excercise the cells as often as possible. The included clip seems strong and fits snug while still being easy to remove and leaving controls easy to access. The buttons are plastic with raised labels in a typical layout and function to most bluetooth headphones letting you control volume, skip, play/pause, and answer hang up calls. Obviously I can't hear the microphone but being Audio Techinica we can assume it's a better than average condenser with a good pick up range you don't have to hold near your face to be heard, and again, I work in a loud shop and have been able to clip it to my shrit collar and keep working while talking on the phone. The signal range is decent enough but not impressive, expect 30 to 50 feet before it starts to break up and even sooner if there's a wall between you and the transmitter. Not really a deal breaker considering it's purpose.                
Plug and Play. One option switch and audio controls, pairs quickly by it's model name, and produces great audio!                
I don't see this thing breaking unless subjected to extreme stress like being run over. It's so light and small it's tough without trying. While the main body and clip are plastic I don't have any fear of damge but the machined aluminum face would be a shame to scratch. The headphone jack holds onto the plug well without being grabby, no issues while moving around or handling the device even with a big 1/4 to 1/8 adapter sticking out of the top! Although with the clip attatched the adapter is just shy of sitting down all the way. This doesn't affect the signal but means it's not properly seated and more prone to being pulled out but no issues so far.                
This where I stay on the fence. With all the options on Amazon as the Audiophile market grows it was a tough call. I went with this unit because Audio Technica is popular for a reason, their products are loved, tried, and true. There's rarely a perfect, one for all solution with things like this but the PHA55BT checks a lot of boxes which keeps me from getting too upset about it's hiccups. Like most things you can definitely go cheaper at the cost of quality and functionality, and you can spend more for materials and small improvements. As with most of my purchases I find this to be middle of the road, the sweet spot. A brand with a solid reputation for quality and performance making a well equipped and very convenient device, I took a chance on this unit and the more I use it the more I value/appreciate it. I definitely don't want to downgrade but would not spend a penny more for something like this. So I apologize for the length but I know studio and producer types will look at this as well as "audiophiles" who don't know the jargin or specs, but this unit can be great for anyone and it's not cheap so this is my best effort to inform because I searched forums and aritcles to find little or nothing which is surprising considering the brand and level of interest in this market these days. I'm not an audiophile, I'm a home stuido operator and live sound guy on some weekends but I love music and want to hear it on the level (bada pssh).If you can afford it BUY IT. If you're just interested in a solild, high value BT receiver for you >$150 headphones, this could be great but it's not necessary. You decide. I took a chance because I'm a brand loyalist. I'd like to buy the PHA100 DAC but again, the price. That's Apogee and Universal Audio territory. But maybe, just maybe, Audio Technica has something to prove in this growing market.                
None to speak of yet.                
Wow I actually bought this, no going back now lol now if only I could find some real world info on the PHA100 DAC, I could have the matched pair and that would be WOW. You know, because a e s t h e t i c.Seriously, I would buy this again.                
Please don't hate me kind zZounds employee! I felt a divine purpose in this one.This is my first purchase of a "Hi-Res" audio device, aside from studio equipment. I wasn't able to find any reviews or real world info on this device but it seemed to fit the bill of what I wanted and with the Audio Technica name I felt it would be better than most. After a week of use with Shure 215s and Sennheiser HD598s as well as in the car and through my desk monitors I'm on the fence with this one, but again, first device of this type so maybe it's my expectations that are making it difficult. For reference I am using my Note 8, Google Play, Tidal, and LDAC as the source which may not be the best but this is my experience with the PHA55BT. My daily listening at work is with SkullCandy Method Wireless, so the lack of hype here may be causing me to be unsure. You be the judge.                
I have owned many Audio Technica products over the years. I currently own 3 pairs of studio headphones, a condenser microphone, and now the LP120. I have yet to have a bad experience with this brand. I have been in the market for an affordable direct drive turntable for some time now. After reading many reviews and hearing about zzounds easy payment plan, I decided that now was the time to purchase. When the turntable arrived, I felt the excitement of a little boy waking up on christmas morning. I was able to set up and have the turntable ready for use in my daw within 30 minutes of it being dropped off at my door. It is heavy, well made, and extremely easy to use. The motor is fairly strong as well if you plan on using it for scratching. The only problem with this turntable is the platter. It is slightly warped as I have read in reviews before. This does NOT affect its playability whatsoever. If you are in the market for a DD turntable on a budget, I cannot see how you could go wrong with the LP120                
I have been waiting and looking for the right T.T., well I finely found it here at zZounds, What I have found else where was around the same price point, But! zZounds offered much more bang for your buck, being like me, I'm on Disability and I have to watch what I spend, with zZounds there were no Tax ! and WOW!!! FREE 2 Day Shipping!. I don't know about you but being able to order off line from your chair makes a great deal to me, Right to your front door in 2 Days! The package was double boxed and nicely, no damage at all, I had order from somewhere else before and it came damaged, Bummer right? Not for me any more I know my first stop from now on, zZounds. I love the T.T. I purchased a cork platter mat and I am ready to go. They saved me money and that's a plus to me when a Company can do that.The Audio-Technica works great, no warped platter as I have read from others, sound from right and left is fine, lots of extras on this Table I like, like the pop-up cue light, it is very nice where I have my table in a cabinet that needs light, I have to say I'm impressed with the cartridge and stylus included with T.T. Changed it around with my Stanton 600 cartridge with a 600EE stylus and I couldn't hear a different, so they did good I think. Anyway, great T.T., pricing , Free 2 Day shipping, zZounds has my future business for sure!                
i couldn't wait to recieve this turntable and when it arrived and i unpacked it i just stared at it, and before i play an album i still look at the turntable it's just great to finally have one so advanced compared to the one i had, purchase one you will not go wrong.......  
These turntables are well worth the money. I have a pair of these and love them. I use technics from time to time and these perform just as well. The torque is great for scratching. I don't use the preamp as I use it with serato and timecodes. I haven't had any issue. I did upgrade slipmats as well as the cartridges to shure 44-7s. The sound quality is just as good as the technics.   I would recommend these to anyone!!!                
I received the product quick works great get to play old records .One thing It does not have is auto return arm so when the record is over you have to get up shut it down                
Excellent product; the best you can get at this price. I highly recommend this items those who love to play vinyl records.                
I was amazed when I read about pay for play...thought there had to be a catch..so I purchased this turntable..only $68 down...I received it about a week later...shipping was quick and product was flawless..I'm in love with my records again because of zZounds GREAT service and the it pay for play service..I highly recommend this company and this turntable..Thank you again                
Very good                
The stop start is awesome, very fast and precise. Also the tone arm lever that slowly drops onto the records. Least useful option is the reverse option. Who wants to play records backwards? Paul isn't dead.                
Very easy to plug into other components                
Very sturdy for plastic. I hope it last 10 years.                
This is an excellent turntable for the price. I would give it 5 stars if it was Made In USA. It is Made In China and China has no quality control. It also comes with a DC motor and an American Made AC motor would make this THE top turntable. A DC motor doesn't last as long as an AC motor (turntables from yesteryear have AC motors and most of them last 30+ years. So with the cons out of the way, on to the pros. For a plastic TT this thing is a tank. I had no problems setting it up. The tone arm counterweight took a while to get just right but it just takes some patience. This model comes with the AT95E stylus which tracks at 2 grams. The previous stylus no longer comes with the LP120. Trust me, this one is better (it is the GREEN cartridge). Others have also complained about a pre-amp hum. I detected no hum on mine. I also have my own pre-amp but have been using the one built in to the TT. If it becomes an issue later I will simply use my other one. The slip mat is felt. This worried me at first because everyone wanted the rubber mat that comes with the Technics-1200. Well I have to say the felt mat isn't so bad. I don't see what the big deal is but I am not a club DJ and did not buy this for club use or scratching. I haven't tried out the USB yet but that will come later. At the moment I just want to HEAR my records again. The direct drive can stop on a dime! Pitch control is something I would never use but it has a nice feel to its "slide" and clicks into place in the middle. Hit "quartz" and it instantly tracks at the normal speed. The unit weighs around 25 pounds and that's a good thing. I've noticed that the Popup Stylus Target Light gets a little warm after it's been on for a while so I use it when I need it but mostly leave it turned off. Over a very good turntable which would fall under great if it were Made In USA with better quality control. Packaging from ZZOUNDS was also sturdy. It was packed in a box and sealed up very good in a plastic bag. The TT itself was nicely, tightly fit in the Audio Technica box. I almost bought the USB LP60 and I am glad I got this one instead. The direct drive and adjustable tone arm and anti-skate sold me on this model. One final note, if you find after a few plays of very old records that the tone arm skates across the record check the stylus to make sure it is clean. I made the mistake of playing some very old records without cleaning them and a considerable amount of dust was picked up by the stylus. I cleaned all of the records and cleaned the stylus gently with a new, unused toothbrush.                 
A good value - this turntable meets my requirements for diving back into vinyl. What a difference it makes for sound and enjoyment! I was pleasantly surprised at the heft on this table for the price point. The cartridge that came with it is fine - but will probably purchase a higher end cartridge at some point.
I'd prefer a semi-automatic belt drive table, but for the money this is the deal.                
I have been enjoying the heck out of this turntable for the past 3 months and I am very impressed. I grew up with the typical cheesey all in one systems that we all owned who grew up in the 70's-80's and I must say that this is much better by far. I thought that this would be a let down from my Music Hall 5 but I was wrong, it can perform and then some. Has plenty of bells and whistles which make it look really cool. I bought it to replace my Music Hall and to also add my album collection to my digital music platform in order to preserve my albums forever. It is simple and easy to use comes almost completely ready to go out of the box aside from just a few steps to get it put together and ready to play. It is packaged very well and is built like a tank. One of the cool things that this table does is allow you to play your albums backwards so that you can hear the hidden messages from the devil that your favorite band has put on there albums. The only bad thing that I can find wrong with this turntable is that it is silver, all of my equipment is black and so I kind of wanted it to be black as well. However, it does remind me of my first decent turntable that I bought in the 70's. Hope this helps you to decide on which turntable to get.                
Over all an outstanding product and value for its usability.  I would suggest everyone watch the set video. It explains the balancing of the styles arm much more thorough than the instructions provided.                  
I first ordered an entry level turntable and was just getting too much noise back through it (from my speakers).  This turntable does a much better job and I have no complaints about the sound at all.  Vinyl can sound much better than digital.                  
The features are OK and what you would expect on a professional quality turntable.  No frills to add noise like auto play or anything                
This is where it gets tricky.  I love the turntable, but it wasn't really designed very well.  The on/off switch is really stupid, its not like any I have ever seen and hard to use.  Its like a recessed knob and hard to reach, but it has a really nice start/stop button to get the platter going.  Why did we need both, why didn't the start/stop button also turn off the main power (really the only thing that comes on when you turn on the master switch is the strobe, you have to hit start to get the platter spinning)?  

Also the lifter is very small and not as good as it could be.  But then they go and add this huge speed control knob that is used very little.  Why didn't they make the lifter this nice since it will be used 100x more?                  
Very well made and lots of heft.  Other than the controls mentioned about I am very pleased with the quality.                
Good value, you would have to spend 2x to maybe get something better.  Its a great turntable for the money.  I got it open box and saved a bunch of money.                
Not had to need to contact AT, but ZZounds was great as always when I went to change out the other table.  Thanks to them, as always.                
Very sexy, but I am too old to fall for that trick, I want performance, that is what is sexy to me.                
It better last me a lifetime, unless I hit the lottery, then I my McIntosh tube amp will need something better.                
We had been warned that at our age(70s)that this machine was too complicated for us. People our age have very little experience with computers and the program(Audacity)requires some computer know how. The recording part of the program is not difficult it is when time to convert to MP3 that it gets tricky. But we did get some help and have been able to convert to MP3 and a thumb drive.                
I bought this turntable becuase my former crosley just was'nt doing the job! WOW! I'm impressed with this turntable! It is a tank. You do have to do some assembly like: the platter, and the tone arm. Don't worry, this isnt as hard as it seems:) The sound is outstanding, it has very accurate speed, and has an electronic brake. I have had no hum with the preamp, and desoite the fact that it is internally grounded, it still sounds good. I played a 45 and could not believe how good it sounded! I am pleased with the AT-LP120 USB! The Play As You Pay is very convinient and I love it! Fast Delivery! Thanks 1 million zZounds.com                
Easy to assemble, easy to hook up and very professional workings. Price $100 cheaper than in store com parables. A great buy                
I have been very pleased with the turntable except for one issue that is very annoying, the cueing mechanism lowers way to fast and the needle bounces on record. My brother has/had same turntable and it also bounced when lowering needle.                
it came quickly and it works. only complaint is that maybe you should make sure that 'fragile' is on the box because Fedex dropped it over our back gate to deliver it but luckily it functions fine. box was beat up a bit                
If I would have gone by the instructions provided by AT, I probably would have returned the unit, thinking that I got a dud. However, with some research and help from youtube and others, the issues, not mentioned in the owner's manual, were corrected quite easily and changed my initial impressions. I have not tried this unit in different settings, nor do I have plans to.                
I find the pitch control to be a great feature, especially since I bought a Mexican pressing of Devo's Freedom of Choice album from someone on Ebay and it sounded like Alvin and the Chipmunks singing on my other turntable. The target light comes in handy as well.                
It took about 2.5 hours from box to good sounds. I don't think that quality control is the best in China, but I was able to overcome this by doing some research. I would not recommend that anyone get this turntable and blindly follow the manufacturer's suggestions as they are incomplete and don't take into consideration what can go wrong with factory assembly.                
It is very solidly built and appears that it would last a lifetime, but I can't say as I have only had this unit for 1 day. Cosmetically, it is a sexy beast!                
Time will tell if this unit will stand the test of time but initial impressions are good thus far.                
I did not have to contact the company regarding any of the adjustments I made.                
As I stated above, this unit is a sexy beast and once the adjustments were made, I was blown away as to how good this turntable could sound.                
I can't speak for all shipped units, but the one I just received needed much more than what the manufacturer suggested I do, with regards to setup. When I got the unit entirely assembled, the headshell was crooked and the sound was horrible when I played a record. On further inspection of the headshell, the cartridge was mounted improperly, so I adjusted that. I had to do some research with regards to the crooked headshell but found out that adjusting the azimuth would correct the problem. Thankfully, this one was adjustable, but was surprised it wouldn't have been accurately set at the factory. To adjust the azimuth, there are two Phillips head screws just behind the headshell, at the bottom of the tonearm. You will need a very short and small screwdriver in order to make this adjustment. Once those two adjustments were made, the turntable came alive and it sounds incredible, even with the stock cartridge.                
Let me start by saying I am not an audiophile. I do enjoy listening to music and just recently started listening to vinyl and I am very happy with this turntable. I've had a couple very cheap record players and the difference between those and this one are huge. The sound quality is truly amazing and the overall quality of the turntable seems to be very solid, it weighs a ton. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a quality turntable. The setup is pretty straight forward, Audio-Technica has videos posted on youtube that are easy to follow. I have not used the USB connection so I can't really comment on that.                 
Very nice turntable.  But, it may need some adjustments from the factory settings.  I found the tangent mounting of the AT95E cartridge to be way off thus affecting tracking. This needed to be reset - cartridge no longer sets square in headshell and that's ok.  Vertical tracking angle is wrong with AT95E. The tone arm was too high so the fix was to add several layers of thin foam under the slip mat. Tone arm front now raised about 5 mm and much more parallel to the record surface.                
Audio Technica always has been at the top of there game and as a dj I highly recommend  these turntables to anyone looking for something cheap and reliable I had them for 3 months and It just keeps wowing me I search and search for a imperfection but cant find it.                
I ordered a blemished unit for a good chunk off and it arrived super quick but packaged very poorly inside with all the accessories just bouncing around. Customer service was exceptional at getting me out another unit. I hooked it up last night and have to say it is a solid, heavy, & well built turntable. I for one don't believe that records sound better than CD's but I have a lot of both. You can't get the same volume levels from vinyl and I do get a hum from turning it up just like 30 years ago......... Also for some reason this one doesn't have an auto return at the end of the record??                
I brought this for my birthday. I was excited to get it but it did take me a few weeks to open it. The shipping box did not come in the best of shape. Regards everything appeared fine. Playing the first few songs it sounded amazing. Then I notice a drop in volume on the right channel. I thought it was the cables because I had RCA extension cable connect. Switched it, played an album or two and this it started happening again. I then hook the tunable to my studio mixer board without RCA extension cables and right away I could see no signal on the right channel. It was very random but I have come across some cases of this same matter on the internet. I was going to exchange it but it is out of stock so I did a return. I will try another one once zZounds get more in, but I am slightly worried about that now.                
The turntable works very well. I do wish I could load more than one record.                
Great turntable, my boyfriend loves it!                
Great turntable, my boyfriend loves it!                
This turntable is the finest in its price class. I have found it to be a joy to operate and use.                
Although this turntable is a nearly dead on copy of the Technics 1200, it does show its price point in a few areas. The stock cartridge is very average, the built in preamp must also be avoided. I purchased the Shure M97e, and also a stand alone preamp. After these purchases the turntable really comes to life. I also purchased a stock Technics rubber platter mat. All well worth the investment. If you plan to use this turntable 100% as is from the factory it will certainly do the job but why not invest in what you have and really make it sound its best.                
Yes it is very much worth it. But also be prepared to spend another $200 in several key areas to increase the turntables sound quality.                
If your going to get into listening to vinyl again like I have, this turntable is a great value that will last many years.                
Great product. Well built, just needs a few upgrades to perform at a high level.                
I cannot tell because I was using Audacity and it would allow me to use the sound from my monitor's stereo speakers.  It would be wonderful if you explained to anyone that has a MAC that they can use their own application Garage Band.  In that way all Apple users can benefit from using something that is very easy to work with to hear and record from the turn table.

As soon as I start listening I will let you know how the sound is.                
Al the features are great as far as I can tell.                
Because I was using Audacity I had to call to get the sound to play through my lap top's  speaker.  It gave me error message if I tried to use the Display setting.  Therefore I could not hear how it would sound  and until I start using it with the other software I will not know.  To go through all the steps regarding Audacity is very very difficult.  The pamplet has old diagrams and now where util the end do you see that you have to hit "record" to just listen to the record.                
It looks great and seems to operate well.  The turn table is quiet and I am happy to have a direct drive turntable.  It would be great if the turn tale  automatically removed the needle when it was finished.

I assume the turn table that I got is a copy of one of the Technics that used to be made.  It looks like it and hopeful it will sound like it.                
They were very helpful in walking through the Audix with me.                
Liked the way it looked and its features                
Until it doesn't function as it is supposed to this will do me fine.  I have grand children and want to burn CD's of the records that we send to their parents so I have the music                
My review title sums it up perfectly "Better than decent for the price. A good value." Before buying it I read many reviews for the Audio Technica ATR-1100. While the majority of reviewers liked this mic there were some reviews that were less than positive. I made my decision to buy this mic based solely on price alone and I don't regret it.Like any mic good microphone technique can make a difference and the Audio Technica ATR-1100 is no different. If you use good technique, mount it on a stand, and know how to set up and configure pc audio - your good to go with this solid mic.In years past I have used a Shure SM58 as a emcee in a live and loud environment and got great results. I bought this Audio Technica mic to practice my speaking and speech making at home.I've played around with it for a few days now and I like it. It does what I want.I rate the Audio Technica ATR-1100 microphone a solid four stars for everything except support (which I haven't used) and wow factor (it's a inexpensive mic - oh golly gee wow!).                
great qualty,and the sound is great                
no features i think it it should have it is great.                
it is easy and it is easy to modify the sound                
it is great condition  and is made well                
it is very cheap                
no.                
10 out of 10                
5-6 years                
It worked fine for a couple weeks but just stopped working for some reason. But it sounded good while it lasted.                 
It's very good for what I paid for it. I knew it wasn't going to be an SM-58, but I didn't wanna spend that kind of money.                 
bought it in a pack with a cord, mic stand adapter, and the mic. Very good way to sell stuff. plus it came with a nice little carry bag for the mic.                
Plug it in, turn it on, sing. Not difficult at all.                
Seems well made. Cable will probably be the first thing replaced.                
Well worth it.                
Haven't needed it yet.                
I'll use it till it's life span has expired.                
My daughter is picky about quality and i this microphone passed the test. She wanted something professional sounding, something she could listen to as she used it. Worked great . Thanks.                
I recently had to replace a 15 year old Win-XP machine ( I use a few programs that don't run on Win-8 or 10). I was able to secure one with no disc drive. Since my drives were good, it was the mother board that died on the old one. After installing my drives in the new box, I couldn't get the speakers to work. I found this product, ordered it and received in about two days. It works perfectly.                
This microphone actually exceeds my expectations.  Set up was simple and the mic is distortion free, with a clear reproduction that eliminates the annoying pops and hisses  that so often accompany working close to the mic.  I am happy with it.                
A lot better than in-camera mics in my Canon HG20, and 5D MkII. Worse than my pro audio mics.                
Amazing improvement to the camera sound for the price.                
Sometimes I need to do quick technical recording of rehearsals or small performances where large high-quality setup is not possible and is not justified. Such recordings work well for artist reviews, but its rather dissapointing to hear that nasty sound recorded through built-in mic. This external microphone is a perfectly priced replacement which makes such recordings easy to listen to.                
This mic is great for beginner film makers, for the price, the sound quality is good, offering a nice base level while keeping treble details sharp. The connections that it comes with aren't that good, you will need a shock mount from any music/audio store, or buy it online for $40. Otherwise, sounds from the boom operator can be heard through the pole, and any little bump will sound like an earthquake. The tele feature on the mic is not that great, it creates a large amount of white noise, but it can pick up a surprising amount of detail at long distances.                
I shot my first commercial with this mike. It picked up well, in fact too well as every little noise was heard through it. So next time the set will have to be exceptionally quiet to minimize the extraneous sounds. Good mike for the price.                
Excellent decision! This company works perfect for me. I recommend them, to everybody. And the mic works really good.                
The included ear buds are fine for general use but I've replaced them with Shure SCL5.  OTherwise the sound quality including frequency range are very good.  The optional limiter prevents the unit for exceeding safe listening levels.  I've experienced no interference or dropouts at a distance of about 50 feet between the transmitter and body pack.                 
The ability to feed the transmitter two channels off the sound board allows you to balance the receiver between one channel or the other.  So for my mix I have vocals on one channel and the band on the other.  Using the balance control on the body pack, I get both channels through both ear buds but can adjust the loudness of each to my preference.  I have the vocals turned up slightly higher than the rest of the band.  The ability to adjust the levels by myself rather than our sound guy gives me a custom mix.  I always leave the limiter on to avoid exceeding safe listening levels.  The body psck includes a jack to attach an ambient mic so that you can mix in audience sounds but I haven't found a need for this.                
Pretty simple really.  Plug in any ear buds and adjust the overall volume and balance between the two channels.  I replace the batteries before every show just to ensure that they don't run out during a performance.  I do the same thing with my wireless guitar transmitter and mics.                 
So far the unit has held up well.  I've dropped the body pack a couple of times but it has sustained no damage.                  
I haven't had to contact the company for support.                
Having made the transition from floor monitors to in-ear monitors, I can't imagine ever going back.                  
I would likely replace the M2 with another M2 as it meets my needs at a reasonable price.  The only reason I would consider another model is if I ran into some contention with wireless frequencies but so far it has worked flawlessly everywhere I've used it.                  
Just purchased it for about a month and up to now no problem. Did have to change the ear buds to some Shures just to have more clarity but other than that really reliable. Good service by zZounds!                
I absolutely love the sound quality and ease of use. As a Dj, I have gone throgh many headphones ( all brands) and finally got sick off how quickly they brake. Bought this, along with a different brand of ear buds (IE 30), used for first time in a club last night. I'm blown away with the quality & now have other DJ friends getting this. I love the fact you can choose from 100 channels, a opposed to 8 with the Shure ( for same price).                
100 Channels. Stereo, mono & mix control modes ( I use it in stereo mode for a cue & program feed). Limiter ( can be defeated but I would advise not to). Very good distance with no dropouts (within a few 100 feet). Belt pack is light.                
It only took minutes to set up channels and use.                
Both units seem to be well made & not cheap looking.                
I bought this from ZZ Sounds as a dent & scratch unit for $400. I cannot find any dents or scratches! The unit looks perfectly new.                
This is more practical than sexy!                
I will never go back to regular DJ headphones after using this.                
I own this stuff since 2 weeks. I checked it at the rehearsal room, and it works pretty OK. The earphones' wire is not too short (maybe is short for tall people- lol). I didn't experience any gig yet using this M2 (575-608 MHz). It didn't interfere with anything. It has a comfortable range. If in open air, it's around 100 m as they say in the specs.

I cannot say I would buy the same, because I didn't experience other brand/model.

I will come back with the review after a certain period of time to use it in gigs.

But, so far I am OK with it.                
std as others.                
It's pretty simple to use. Any musician can put it up and running in less than 5 minutes.                
Made in Japan. It says everything....                
OK.                 
Didn't need it so far.                
it's ok. Normal look.                
do not know. Maybe 5-6 years or so....                
Have been using these mics for over 4 years in all of our high school productions.  We normally take the lapel clip off of them and tape then onto the side of the face by the ear.  The sound quality is great, no crackling or distortion at all.  I have replaced on 3 out of 10 mics in the last year, one because someone forgot he which side he was wearing the mic when he got a pie in the face, and the other two because new students pulled too hard on the cords caught in clothing.  We rent these mics out during the summer to several community theaters also.  They are always a big hit with the sound ops.                
The Sound Was Geat, my school and chruch uses these microhpones and with some changes of the Mids we can get these mics working very nice. They deliver great sound quality for choirs, but i would reccomend then for mostly stage use.                
Not many features on a Mic, but it was very very easy to connect to our mixing console.                
Its just about a plug and play mic no set up, but really they need to be  positioned right or else it is hard to get a natural sound.                
Good Mic for the price, good quality                
Best Support is No Support ever Needed!                
This mic is good for the price, we use them for a stage overhead at my school and for a choir mic at my church!                
We use it only for live productions, in a small children's theater. I want it to help make the children heard better throughout the theater. It is presently hanging in the center of the stage, above the heads of the actors.  This is not working as well as I had hoped. Any suggestions?                 
It hangs, and it is small and out out of the way of curious hands.                
It works with our existing equiipment, we are still experimenting with the best placement on stage.                
seems to be well made                
seems to be                
no                
I use this hanging microphone in a small theater.  I like the fact that the child actors cannot pick it up and inadvertantly walk off with it, as children are prone to do,and it doesn't take up much space.                 
It has helped, I stil need a few individual mikes for the children with very soft voices.                
Great for theatres on a budget.  Exceptional quality for price.  The pickup is more towards the sides than front.  Be careful of comb filtering and phase cancelation.  Placement is tricky.  Less mics sometimes gives more gain.  I placed them 2 ft directly over actors noses. Highly reccomend.  low profile too.                
bendy bracket gives easy focus options as opposed to thick wire.                
Overall a very nice microphone system. Good sound quality with no interference. Easy to set-up and to use. I especially like the coiled cord for plugging the receiver into a camera. This is not meant for hiding the microphone itself (you will get scratching noises from clothing), but great for clipping to a lapel or pocket with the cord and transmitter hidden. The only potential issue is when you have the receiver plugged into a camera, the cord can pull out of the receiver if you pull the coiled cord too far. I fixed that by wrapping a length of double sided Velcro around the plug and the receiver.  I have not received any manufacturer support, so I do not have a rating for that area.                
Thank you AT for seamless backwards compatibility.  The end plug matched my 20 year old wireless transmitter pack, affording me more years of use from my excellent, if older, AT wireless rack system.                
Microphone and service were great!                
Works great, easy tos use and great price. I only wish it came with extra wind covers or had purchasing suggestions.                
The sound was okay to start with.  The design is poor.  Fits in the ears on a small head and you can't hear the monitors.  I used it at church only and after about 8 months it started cutting out.  Wiggle the mic and it would come on.  Finally about 13 months of mostly just a couple of hours on Sunday services it completely quit.  I would not recommend it to anyone.  The way the mic pivots and is connected is a poor design.                
No added features.                
Was great for a while then the connection got bad.                
Poor design.  Had to quit using it.  Cosmetically okay.  Too frail of wire connections and bad head wear design.  Only fits over the ears then you can't hear anything.                
For the price of the system not bad just need to redesign the headset the way it fits and the mic connection.                
It was out of warranty.  Didn't try to contact them.                
Bulky design, was just in the right price range at the time.                
Trying to find a better designed headset or get a Shure.                
I REALLY LIKED THE FIRST ONE UNTIL I BROKE IT AND THEN I REFUSED TO USE ANYTHING OTHER THAN THE SAME MIC.  WE WERE IN A PINCH ON TIME AND I ORDERED IT THROUGH ZZOUNDS ON THE SATURDAY BEFORE CHRISTMAS AND RECIEVED IT ON THURSDAY THE 23RD OF DECEMBER SO WE WERE ABLE USE IT FOR THE PLAY ON CHRISTMAS EVE.  I AM REALLY PLEASED WITH THE MIC'S AND I AM SPEECHLESS ABOUT THE SERVICE AND SPEED WITH WHICH I RECIEVED MY ORDER.  I WILL USE NOBODY ELSE EXCEPT ZZOUNDS FROM NOW ON.  

                THANKS ZZOUNDS GREAT JOB                
I've owned the Audio Technica Pro8HeX for 5 years now.  Is it gonna sound like an SM-57 or 58?  No.  But, if you are a singing drummer doing backups, this mic' is a good, solid, if unspectacular option.                
The Audio Technica Pro8HeX is a wired headset, and has a handy clip for making sure the wire doesn't get in the way.  I use mine for backing vocals while drumming with my band, Scream, so I attach the clip to the pocket of my pants, running the wire down my back.  There's nothing fancy needed with this mic', and that's what I like.                 
The Audio Technica Pro8HeX is a solid, steady mic.  But like most other headsets, it's going to sound thin.  Your soundman (or you) will need to tweak your channel settings on your board.  If you have a deeper voice, like me, you'll need to cut some of the highs and boost the bottom end.  It'll never sound like an SM-58, but for your dollars spent, the sound is decent, once you tweak it.                
The Audio Technica Pro8HeX is built like a tank.  When I first purchased mine 5 years ago, I actually bought 2, one for a back-up, just in case. (I'm somewhat anal like that.)  I have yet to break out the backup mic'.  The original one has been in use 3 nights a week for five years with absolutley no failures whatsoever.                
Great bang for the buck!  Best value in headset microphones on the market today.                
-Have not needed AT support-                
Doesn't look sexy, but it's light and comfortable on the head.                
I've owned the Audio Technica Pro8HeX for 5 years now.  Is it gonna sound like an SM-57 or 58?  No.  But, if you are a singing drummer doing backups, this mic' is a good, solid, if unspectacular option.  It never feeds back, it's rock-solid and tough as nails, and light.  The sound is a bit thin, but your soundman can dial it in for you by cutting some highs and boosting the bottom end.                  
Great articulation.  Just enough low end with anice midrange and just enough top end.  Fits my voice and its purpose, which is good articulation for Amateur Radio SSB audio                
Two windscreens included, although the big one is, well, REALLY big!.  The small one does a great job when close talking the microphone.                
Has a pronounced proximity effect for base.  You have to use the windscreen, or you can pop plosives easily.                
Solid, stays where you put it.  Its a bit on the tight side for my temples, but I can move it around to work around my glasses.                
Great value for the money.  I would say it is priced well.  Wish it came with a closed cup headset, then I would never look at Heil again.                
I have owned and/or used AT products in the past, both personally and in my work, and have never needed to contact the factory for any issue.  Solid reliability!                
Its a microphone, that fits on your head and you speak on it.  Its as reliable as a Hockey Puck or a Paper Clip.  And it sounds just wonderful, with rich full sound with very good midrange articulation, which is what is needed for SSB audio.                
Been working fine when I use it, about three months now, with several transmitters.  Easy to equalize to sound just the way you want to sound since it is so well balanced tonaly.  I really wish you could get this mic capsule with full ear cup sound sealing headsets.  As it is now, I can only use it with speakers, must use my other Heil headset in contesting, which is a shame, since this mic sounds so good.                
I think the sound is pretty good.  I read another review before purchasing the mike that panned the sound.  There advantages to stand mikes but for what I needed this is pretty good.  It tends to pop without the included wind shields.                
It's very light weight and I didn't need a long cord but that wouldn't be a problem if I needed one.  I wish it had a switch.  At the end of my concerts I move around and I have to take the thing off which so far has resulted in a loud thump and scratching sound.  I have to grab for the mixer now.  A switch would be nice.                
works good for me.                
It seems to be a little light weight but that's also an advantage.  I always have backups for almost everything.  Right now that's a stand mike.  I'm a sax player so the vocal stand mike gets in my way.  I am always on the road traveling somewhere to gigs and I can't go back for something.                
yes                
no problems                
I don't wear it around my head because I often have a hat on so I put it around my neck outside my coller.  It doesn't interfere with my sax neckstrap since it's lite weight too                
I was originally going to go wireless but since I am only a couple of feet from my mixer the cord length and all the extra junk I would have to carry for wireless makes wireless less than attractive although it has it's advantages too.  I will order another one soon.                
I dont sing lead vocals so I wasnt going to spend a boat load of money on a head worn mic . This thing dose the job for me . this thing stays on my head like its suppose too ! There have been times when I forgot I had it on and walked off before unpluging it , then stepped on it as I went to pick it up . No worries , the thing just keeps on working like nothing ever happened ! If I were a lead singer then maybe I would get something better...maybe .                   
Very good for the money. Fits well (if you bend it a little(I have a very big head)). Sounds surprisingly good (for the price) and has great feedback rejection. It's no Crown CM311, but then that one cost 6 times as much!                
The sound is better than I expected.  I am not a pro but a few gigs at Nursing Homes.  I was very pleased with the sound from this mic.                
The mic is very easy to use.  Fits well and is much lighter than I would have thought.  I actual forget I have it on.  The only down side to it is it does not have a on/off switch.  Other than that it is perfect.                
I expect to use this mic for a long while.  If I lost it or it was stolen I would buy another just like it.                
The Mic. is very true sounding as I have a very long vocal range from high Bass to low Tenor.  I'm also a Drummer/Percussionist and play a wide range of instruments, none of which are picked up with the Mic. while singing.  Keeping the Mic. as close to your mouth as possible is the best way to avoid picking up background sounds.                
Can be worn left or right so as not to interfere with a monitor.                
Put it on and sing.                
Seems well built.                
A real value.                
The only other comparable product was $350.00 and this one was $80.00                
I would purchase another unit without hesitation                
Pros: Comfortable to wear for a full music set (1 hour), sound is clear and accurate, gear is lightweight.
Cons: Cord clip is hard to use, gear is not practically designed for glasses (not sure how it could be changed).
Additions: Add an in-line on/off switch                
Nice sound, comfortable, decent cable. I only wish it had an on-off switch, but that's a minor issue. I needed a good sounding affordable mic and I found it!  Haven't needed any manufacturer support, so I can't truly rate it.                
This product sounds wonderful, but the lifespan of a headset is very short. Over the past few years of using it for teaching spinning classes, with 20 hrs. of use per week, I have found that the longest one has ever lasted is maybe 5 months. I have had some that have only worked for as short as 2-3 wks before shorting out and sending back to Audio Technica under warranty. They need to work on improving their last quality of their product.                
as stated above..these headsets do not have a long lifespan before shorting out and not working                
I have to continue using it because all of my mic recievers are Audio Technica so i need to keep purchasing from that company. due to the lifespan of the headset, when my reciever dies, I will try to find another manufacturer.                
Purchased this for my wife, who sings along with playing her guitar. Has made her more mobile and she loves it.                
OK so the sound is pretty decent and met my expectations.  I actually use this to do vocal recordings on material when I have to be a way from my home studio and can't be bothered bringing my large diaphragm mic.  So of course the quality is not as good as even a low end studio mic.  But still it is pretty decent and very even.  I would say that it is considerably better than a PA mic (say an SM57/SM58).  Then again it is designed as a stage mic for drummers I believe.                
The way it attaches to your head works very well.  Would appreciate a longer cord but can live without that.                
nothing to it                
I probably did not pack it well in my suitcase and one of the clips that holds the pads in place went missing.                
Really good value.  I had looked long an hard for a head worn mic that would fit my budget.                
Hard to consider it sexy but it certainly does the job.                
The sound quality is exactly what I expected . Crisp and clear . Less feed back problems than the other mics in my arsenal . Certainly cuts through mix nicely .                
The best feature is the lack of features . It does what its supposed to do without any bells and whistles . Could use an on/off switch but that is not really a problem .                
Sits on your head and doesn't move around like some others . Easily adjusted for comfort and use .                
Lightweight and tough enough to last you for a long time . I guess if you mistreat the thing it will quit on you , but that would be user error ......                
I paid $120.00 for mine and will gladly do so again should something happen to the one I have now .                
I have no idea as I haven't ever needed to contact them .                
Its a Plain Jane that gets the job done . Thats appealing to me .                
More comfortable than any of the others ( and theres been a few ).

Sounds good , dependable and you don't need to take out a loan to get one . What else do you want ?                
The product performs exactly as it said it would.  It allows our choir to concentrate more on the quality of their sound rather than the volume.  Everyone at our church has been impressed so far.                
It's a choir microphone and it fits the bill for that nicely.                
Very easy, just hang from the ceiling and plug into your mixer.                
Product is smaller than you would expect yet delivers good quality sound and volume.                
Seems to be worth the price at this point.                
I give ZZounds a 10 because they have always delivered excellent support and service.  Never had to use the manufacturer so far.                
It just hangs there from the ceiling and does it's job.  Most people don't even notice it's there since we purchased the white one to match our ceilings.                
I expect this to last us for years.                
I am truly enjoying every minute of this cartridge on my table!! 
 I have owned several turntable cartridges on the budget end, some from Audio-Technica.  The last cartridge I owned was the Nagaoka MP110.  Although i love that cartridge and the warm, open sound it provides, i felt that something was missing on the top end. I wanted something with just a little more detail in the treble, while avoiding something that was going to be too harsh or bright in my system.  
I took a chance, and ordered the AT VM740ML, and let me say I am extremely happy with the results!!  It really breathed new life into my vinyl.  The detail in the treble is there, without being too bright, harsh, or fatiguing.  It's just right.  The increased treble did not come at the expense of the bass and midrange, as both are full and detailed. The soundstage presented is great, with vocals and instruments always falling in their proper place in the mix.  The MicroLine stylus from Audio-Technica just digs out all sorts of details in songs that I never knew was there. If it was recorded in the song, it's going to find it and present it to you. Every album I throw at it is handled beautifully and tracks it like a champ with no inner grove distortion whatsoever. 
In summary, I am really impressed with this cartridge in Audio-Technica's VM700 series and I hope to try their Special Line Contact stylus one day in the future.                  
As a guitarist friend told me when I was in his music store buying DIs, "The Countryman is like a Toyota. The Avalon is like a Benz." Several months of using this and a few other DIs in a variety of situations have definitely confirmed that statement. Turn off the "tone" circuit and you have a pure signal from your instrument that isn't colored at all, positively or negatively. All of the transients are there in detail and there is no flagging in the lower frequencies. Turn on the "tone" circuit and you're able to pick from some well thought out presets, all of which are useful in situations where you're plugging something in and need a quick setting.                
I gave this a nine on features because it's not necessarily a swiss army knife device. That said, DIs aren't supposed to be. Do you want something that gives you parametric EQ? Do you want thick, tubey tone to warm up your acoustic guitar's stock pickup? Do you want a mic preamp? Get something that isn't a DI. A DI is supposed to take the signal and boost it enough to get it down the line to the mixer before sending it to your amp. This thing does way more than that. Any rating of the features of a DI needs to take that into consideration. My only gripe is that it can't be phantom powered, but I'm guessing that they did that because you need more juice to get as accurate a signal as the Avalon will deliver.                
My five year old daughter could be shown how run this thing in minutes. The only thing you might even need a manual for is an explaination of the tone curves.                
Built like a tank. This unit is widely used by professional touring companies.                
When you're talking about close to $600 for a DI, you have to really need that quality level. At some point you encounter diminishing returns for your money and in a blind listening test I doubt that the uneducated listener is going to be able to tell the difference between an Avalon DI'd signal and a Countryman DI'd signal. But if you're doing an album or running sound in a really nice place, the Avalon is totally worth it. I gave it an eight just because it's a high end piece of gear, and pretty much no high end gear can be considered "value" priced.                
I haven't needed to call them. I expect that they are quite bored at the Avalon service center.                
It looks sexy. It sounds great. It's practically legendary. My only gripe is the form factor: two rack spaces tall and half a rack wide is almost unusable. And $70 for rackmount gear is robbery.                
A few minor niggles will prevent this from being a home studio gem (and they're all price related) but the idea of not owning one on a serious project is laughable. I'll always have one around if money is on the line.                
I had no idea how powerful this thing was. Now I have to upgrade my cabs because my powered monitors can't handle her.  All Hail the Queen!                 
not that impressed! my digitech gsp1101 has just as good di built in 

actually im thinking of sending this back, doesnt really do anything for sound in my studio 600.00 hype i had to try, but trust me not worth it. also my countryman sounds just as good                
The U5 alone has not helped me achieve quality guitar sound. This is what I did expect to get from it.  However, it certainly is a quality product, in my opinion probably best suited for bass players, and perhaps vocals but I have not attempted to use it for vocals at this point as I am still pursuing quality guitar sound.  I will certainly keep it as when I start to record bass there is not doubt the sound it does push for bass is the best I have heard.  Don't get me wrong, this is a worthwhile investment if your looking to get more then one use from it!                
I plugged a PRS Swamp Ash Special into it.  I cannot get a quality signal into my yamaha recorder with it.   The bass sound over rides any highs you may achieve.                
It's easy to use.  There is not manual.  Just a 2 page fold out which is all you need as it's quite straight forward.                
The products is made well.  However, if your overseas in a country that is on 220-240 power like I am, it's stated that it's multi-voltage, which it is, however the switch is actually inside of the unit which means you must find something to stick thru the air vent to switch it over to 240.  This is the first I've seen this.  A big plus is that before you'll blow the unit up, you'll simply blow the fuse which is quickly replaceable.  If Avalon did this intentionally they cold teach many other companies a few things as I have seen many persons over here fry their stereo's and TV's.                
The product is worth the money.  Again, although I did not achieve what I wanted, it's still produces and bass tone like I have never been able to produce, or have even heard from the bands and musicians I have played with.                
Have not had to deal with them.                
I am already searching for something to supplement the U5 in order to get treble tone.  I tried two smaller pre-amps that I already own but, although getting acceptable sound, I still will try others.                
Tight, punchy, and extremely clean.  Nothing I have yet heard sounds better for recording bass.                
Not feature-laden at all, but I was never really left wanting.  It does what it does extremely well.                
It's very expensive relative to other excellent DI boxes, but it is absolutely the top of the heap.  Honestly, it's worth whatever you pay for it.                
No experience here                
How "sexy" is a DI box?  It's utilitarian, really, it just makes everything better.  The person who finds that concept appealing, you will also enjoy this product                
I use it as a preamp and DI for bass guitar in live situations.  It produces a clear, deep tone with little coloration, allowing the true sound of the instrument to come through.                 
This category is hard for me to rate.  The U5 is intended to be used as a DI.  Accordingly, the controls are minimal.  Don't forget that many DI's offer no control at all.  Using it as preamp, I find myself wishing for a parametric EQ and perhaps a compressor, but it's a little unfair to expect these on a DI.  That said, there are advantages to a simple control layout, and the U5 manages to produce good tone in almost all situation eve without the EQ or compression that a true preamp unit might offer.                
The U5 is (like all Avalon products) a top quality unit.  Tough as nails-- I don't hesitate to travel with it and have used (and abused!) mine extensively with no problems.                
As Di's go, this a pretty pricey one, and not cheap even when compared with preamps.  That said, sometimes you *do* get what you pay for.  The Avalon delivers good sound, is tough enough for live work, and is very easy to use.                
No experience on this.                
Without a doubt the best sounding direct box made! It has about 8 different settings voiced for specific instruments.                
It would be nice if they included the rack-mount kit instead of selling it for $80. If it had a mute switch it would be perfect.                
Well built & road worthy. Plus, it looks cool!                
Expensive and worth it if you demand the best. You'll know where the extra $'s went as soon as you plug in!                
Never had a problem so I never needed 'em.                
Showing up with a U5 instantly buys you credibility with engineers and other musicians. Having one in your studio impresses clients. This peice of gear lets people know you are SERIOUS about your tone!                
I'm a pro bass player and bought mine used a couple of years ago. I bought it for sessions (and it works great) but I got a touring gig this year so I put it in my live rack. I figure if I play a good guitar into my Avalon and send that signal to the engineer it will be hard for him to screw up my sound in the house! The U5 will be the last link in my signal chain for a long time.                
This is the standard to which all others are compared.  Beautiful, clean, clear "glassy" tube sound, warm yet clear.  The best.                
Everything you need in a channel strip: preamp, equalizer, compressor.                
Solid, heavy, metal everything.  I worry my rack will break.                
I paid $1400 new, so it was worth that to me.  It is a bit pricey at the usual $2000 price tag.  But worth it!                
Haven't had to find out (there's no N/A choice).  Everyone I talked to and everything I read says Avalon gives great support.                 
It's a beautiful piece of gear that inspires great confidence.  The Avalon name is well known to everyone in this business, like Neumann mikes or Vox amplifiers, it actually brings in customers.                
This preamp (plus a great mike) gives my customers and me no excuse for not recording great vocals.   I also have a Joe Meek pre which is dirty and therefore complementary to the Avalon.                
This box produces a big, detailed and warm sound that quite frankly beat the pants off much more expensive pieces, such as some of the Focusrite Red units. I used it in a broad range of applications, ranging from pop/rock to jazz and classical, and it always shined.                
The is an extremely flexible unit.                
It is built like a tank, has an excellent fit, looks great and very clean build quality                
I would have paid $3,000 for this box. Along with my api outboard gear, and my Distressor, this is one that has never let me down. Buy iy.                
Never had any problems, so support was never an issue.                
It is gorgeous!                
Great quality.  used with various genres.  with it could be 8 payments instead of 4.  that's the only downfall.  but its worth it!!!                
the avalon is alright a lot of it is hype.i had the chance to compare it to the la 610 mkii on every level an the la610 just sounded better period.depending on what sound your looking for,dont be fooled by the price thinking its the best just cause it cost 2250.00.i feel the la610 was more cleaner,although the avalon has more eq control you have to look at the whole pic.but every piece of gear has pro&cons.                
i just wish it wasnt so heavy an that it cost much less                
not complicated at all                
it is built like a train                
my opinion this thing is not close to being worth what they sell it for                
support was helpful                
it is very eye catching                
its ok for now but if it messed up i wouldnt get another one                
There is a certain amount of sound quality that is required to make good sound. All of it is subjective in my humble opinion. That opinion is based on 35 years of playing to crowds ranging from 100 to 5,000 people.  I find the unit responds well, and is more than acceptable in quality where the patches and sounds I've created are concerned. It is all opinion and opinionsvary according to taste. The only constant is good clean sound that is altered according to the need at any particular time. I like this unit.                
I like the color, wieght and look of the unit, programming options, the amp models offered, the fact that it can be updated with new user sounds,and the MIDI function. With any piece of equipment you must experiment and find the limitations and learn to milk it for every good thing you can get out of it. This unit is no different. Learn to use your tools and you will be happy with them.                
I'm still learning about the unit but am happy with what I have learned so far, Theprogramming is going well so far. That means for my personal taste, I am gettingwhat I am looking for. I use this unit with a Tech 21 Power engine, a 2 x 12 modeland also a 1 x 12 model.                
I like the look of it and weight . I like the way it is laid out and the menus are OK. As far as dependable, well, I can only hope as I just bought it. But I did buy it.                
If your not going to use the unit for any thing but playing out, well, it's a tough call.That will be the main use of it for me, but I knew that going into the purchase and accepted it. In actuality, I'd say most should look at it as an all around tool forrecording and live use in order to get the most satisfaction for their purchase.                
No I haven't. I checked out some videos on the Tube channel and only found onenegative review from a person that bought a used unit who was knocking the company for their service. Like old Forrest Gump said. "It happens." That's life. I've found some companies respond in kind. So if I have to deal with them, I givethem the kind that I would like to receive in return and it usually works out.                
I don't buy on impulse. I looked at the unit for 1 year before I made the purchaseand didn't buy it from the store I planned on buying it from. So that should tellanyone reading this that zZounds it a store that I enjoy.                
I bought the Eleven Rack because I like the Tweaking method available. It is similar to using a head, and I'm old school, I like knobs. The added benefit to having the amp models and effects in one unit, along with the MIDI control capability is exactly what I wanted. I considered the new Vyper amp, the Digitech unit and even a couple Multi effects units and decided to take a different path this time around. And strangely enough, I like the color. Also, it is a little heavier that it looks. I think that is a good thing as I have paid more in the past for units that felt as flimsy as printing paper.but found this unit to be more of what I wanted                
I purchased the Avid Eleven Rack with Pro Tools about 4 years ago and I have never had any issue with it. I have played at countless shows using the eleven rack as either a bass rig or guitar rig sent direct to the board. It has been a show saver on the gigs where storage space was limited. I have also recording hundreds of demos using the eleven rack as an interface. The guitar tones are great after some tweaking and adjusting the tones to match your guitar set up. The ability to connect external pedals is a fantastic feature as well and works great. It also has a midi input that I use for recording electronic drums in Pro Tools, which is great because I can record an entire session using only one interface. Like anyone, I would love to own one of the new rack mounted Kemper profiling amps, but as far as affordability and the ease of recording goes, the Eleven Rack is an obvious choice. It does take time to fully understand how to use and operate the eleven rack, but once you figure it out, the possibilities of creation are endless. Pair it with a midi control board like a ground control or the more affordable Behringer boards, and you've got a solid live unit. And if you're not into running direct live guitar, (which works fantastically for in-ears) you also have the option of adding a power amp and using a cabinet. Again, it will take a fair amount of time to find a tone to properly match the power amp with the cabinet you are using, but if done properly, you can definitely create a tone you are happy with. It also has a headphone jack on the front of the device for those much needed late night silent practices. Its a fantastic way to downsize for the gigging guitarist, as well as a fantastic intro into the world of recording for anyone that is interested in learning. I take this unit with me everywhere, it is my lifeline. Pick one up immediately, you will not be disappointed.                 
I can't give this a 10 because, obviously there are better sounding mic's out there...BUT for the PRICE...this is an OUTSTANDING VALUE!!!                
10 dbl Pad AND Roll Off....in a $180 mic...that comes in an OAK, VELVET lined wooden box INSIDE an Aluminum Case WITH a Shock Mount and extra Shock Mount Winding.....for the money.....THERE IS NO BETTER VALUE!!                
Plug it in...set the switches...turn on the Phantom Power and set the levels....does't get any easier then that!                
Chrome Plated Nickel Diaphragm cage and Cabernet Painted BRASS Capsule.  Sound quality is SPECTACULAR!                
BANG FOR BUCK....this IS the Mic!!!                
Haven't had it long enough to put Avant Support to the test....hope I don't have to!                
It's a beautiful piece of equipment!  AND housed in a beautiful Velvet Lined and padded Oak Box INSIDE an Aluminum case WITH a VERY NICE RETRO Shock Mount.  VERY NICE!!!                
I think I will be quite satisfied.                 
I recieved my CK-6 as a gift, and what a gift it is! I own an Avantone CV-12 so just for fun we A/B'd the two.(The we being 3 sound engineers with over 30+ yrs experience each) Then we A/B'd it with an AKG 420, AKG 220, similar budget mics, price-wise.  The CK-6 proved to be better than the 220 w/o a doubt. The CK-6 and AKG 420 were close in price, but 2 out of 3 chose the Avantone. What blew us away was testing  CK-6 against  the CV-12, a mic that is a quality tube mic with 9 p/u patterns. Both Avantones have a "tone", as do the AKG's; different brands,different tones even with same specs. The CV-12 beat them all, hands down, but the 6 shined in so many ways, all 3 of us had to admit we were shocked. The CK-6 is an awesome mic,worth every penny, hard to believe it cost less than 200 spending gitas! Seriously, call zZounds today and order yours...be happy like me!                
I fired up this mic on a new gospel song I recorded yesterday and I must tell you the sound quality blew me away!                
Yes                
Setup was a breeze.                
This mic is well designed and it looks great!                
It is worth every penny.                
The mic has a classy look.                
I plan to purchase 3 mics for my mic cabinet in a few weeks.                
The Avantone CV-12 Tube Mic is an excellent choice for vocals. Amazing warmth and an airy top end, with very good control of sibilance, are this mic's main features. it's a vintage sound for sure; however, detail in the top end is very clean, and the noise floor is audibly as low as contemporary FET condensers. Works well with acoustic instruments as well. The vintage-style shock mount is a bit clunky (thumb screws as opposed to spring clamps), but the CV-12 will fit nicely in most modern shock mounts. Did I mention it's a beautiful mic, the body painted a deep red? Fast becoming my go-to mic!                
This microphone has made a wonderful difference in my vocals. My vocals are thick and full and not so bright as other microphones. I have ahad a major DeEssing issue and this mic has made a significant difference.                
I purchased one, a great deal at this price. These are solid mics, very useful on every session. Has a natural compression vibe. It will grab an ocassional "s", instead of compressing, just have vocalist move back just a bit. Sounds spectacular with any pro level preamp. It's fantastic on just a basic setting, but as you learn a thing or two about micing techniques you really understand how awesome your CV12 really is. Fig 8 a source, also Fig 8 with a good ribbon mic on same source, compare both. A very accurate mic, a solid addition to a professional studio mic locker. Best in price range if you need a tube w/multi-pattern pickup.                
I just received mine, I can't get it into the shockmount. My unboxing experience consisted of oogling the mic and power supply, reaching into the case, removing the shockmount, and having all the bungee cords dislodge themselves.Honestly very disappointed. Luckily it fits into my AKG-style shockmount but why spend the money developing a mount this worthless?                
Great sound, looks great. Only had it about a month, but it has become my favorite mic in my studio.                
I've only had it about one month, but I love it. Looks good, plays great, sounds great. I haven't had to use the support, so can't comment on that part. Overall very happy.                
I use the Avantone MixCube to reference monitor in mono. While I'm usually mixing on a pair of full range speakers I find that the MixCube is unusually accurate and revealing in the mid range, as well as surprising revealing in dynamics and reverb. As much as I use and love this monitor I would not recommend it to anyone who doesn't already have a set of full range monitors. The highs and lows are a tad lack luster, but of course that's one of the main reason's I purchased it. I would say it emulates the functionality of a Yamaha NS-10. On the downside, when I first received this product it had a damaged pot and the amp wasn't working properly. zZounds.com quickly remedied the issue by sending me a new one, it took about a week. The one they sent seems to have somewhat of a sticky power switch compared to the last one which is strange, but it sounds great and that's what matters. In conclusion, this little speaker looks great, sounds great, and is becoming an essential part of my mixing routine. It's a workhorse to say the least.                
The Avantone is one of the best mix tools you can buy after investing in a good set of full range monitors. Due to its limited frequency response and by using only one of these in mono, you can quickly hone in on a proper balance. I was amazed when I first set this up and listened to a mix I had almost finished. What I thought was a well balanced mix was not. Certain tracks were overpowering others. Vocals were rough. I was hearing distortion that I didn't hear on my stereo monitors. I realized I was over-driving and clipping some of my plugins. Once I corrected the mix and got it to sound good on the Avantone, I switched back to the stereo monitors and was blown away by how much better it sounded. 
I would highly recommend this monitor to anyone who wants to do any serious mixing. The build quality seems very high. When you first see the smooth shiny surface, you think it is plastic, but once you feel it and pick it up, you know that it is a heavy wood shell with a durable lacquered finish. 
The only negative aspect of the product is the power button. It should be located on the front or side. With it being on the back, you have to either feel around for the switch or turn the speaker to power it up or down. Not very convenient, especially if it is set back on a console shelf. But this is a minor annoyance once you hear the results of using it.
Buy one and you will be thrilled that you did after you hear the difference it makes.                
These cubes are a bit pricey, but well worth the money. Built solid, quality you can feel the first time you pick one up. The cones are virtually indestructible, they can take all the punch I can throw at it! The unique zero enhanced flat response make my mixes click every time.  These replaced a set of BX5's and if they ever blow I'll replace them with an identical pair!                 
The best advantage of the  Mixcubes is that they are really small. If space is limited, these guys are definitely attractive. But, each monitor has a separate power supply block that is kinda bulky (about 3"x4"x5") with cables exiting opposite ends, so keep that in mind. Sound is as expected, full range and bright with its small driver. Sticker price is a bit steep, but I think the overall value seems good enough. Hoping these will last well over 10 years!                
Wasn't to difficult to install, looks great. Really stable, stays in tune really well after aggressive whammy use. I highly recommend, for a non locking trem system this one is worth the money                 
I have a Warmoth korina bodied Strat that I’ve not been really satisfied with soundwise,it had no real fullness or depth to the tone,so I ordered this bridge from zZounds last nite and it arrived today(!!) the speed of delivery by zZounds is the next best thing to teleportation!
Anyways,the install was super easy. Setup takes some getting used to,especially if you are old school like me and eyeball the string height. Intonation was right on the money. One of the good things I noticed was the lack of adjustment screws digging into my hand when I rested on the bridge. Soundwise,I noticed more sustain right away and a little deeper tone,but I think that will improve with time and playing it more. I don’t use my trem,I just like the sound of the hint of reverb from the springs,something which is really noticeable on a stock six screw tremolo but I haven’t been able to crank up the amp for a proper listen,not until this weekend.so,sounds better,looks cool,solid as a rock.                
perfect addition to overhauled pawn shop special chinese strat knock off...looks amazing sounds as good as it looks!!!                
If you sing and play acoustic guitar and track separately, This is a perfect mic for that. Its very good at bringing out the detail and sparkly tone of the guitar to the point of being almost tactile. And with voice it has a very clear and intimate presence.                
i just started recording a new album in my studio, and this mic sounds sweet. it brings out the subtle nuances of the vocalist with ought adding too much color. gives a lot of headroom to play. this is my first high grade solid state mic, and I'm in love! btw its gorgeous.                
I've had this mic for over 10 years and use it primarily for vocals where it excels. It is bright and airy but I wouldn't use it for a source where you wanted some beefy low end. If you want one mic for all kinds of things I would look elsewhere. If its primarily for vocals where they need to cut through the mix, this could be the one.
NICE SOUNDING MIC,IT'S A LITTLE TOO TOP ENDED (TREBLE)BUT NOT TO THE POINT WHERE IT'S TINNY. WORKS FAIRLY WELL ON ACOUSTIC GUITAR,PIANO, AND VOCALS                
NO ROLLOFF,OR ATTENUATOR SWITCHES. STILL WORKS WELL ENOUGH IN MOST SITUATIONS WITHOUT THEM.                
I OWN IT                
I connected this mic to wa73 through apollo twin.. raw sound this feels like a dark kinda low tone but didn't really detect the top crispy many say... makes me wonder if they applied eq when tracking. Raw vocal seemed a bit under and after I mix vocals came out good but not great. For me the neuman tlm 103 sounded better to me than this. in my op.... so it was ok mic not bad but not best. Was not wowed at all by this.. should be more like a 699$ mic not 1k.                
Although the mic has an airy essence to its highs, it creates a very smooth sound with very even output.  If youre looking for something thats just for vocals then take this Blue over the Dragonfly otherwise I think the Dragonfly is more universal.                
Cool options that are blockbuster bling bling, like the custom pop filter and the shock mount.  Motivates its users to a whole new level.                  
Doesnt get much better than BLUE when it comes to quality.  Each mic is tested before it leaves manufacturing and is hand built.                
Great looking mic with equal capacity to perform.  With a mic like this its up to the engineer to tweek the sound cause theres no doubt the mics done its job.                
Extremely silky mic with fantastic character.  I highly recommend this microphone.  I mainly use it for vox and accoustic instuments.                
Everything you need but the talent.                
Truly easy to set up.                
What can you say about Blue products?  Great quality.                
I can't believe the mic sells at the price that it does.  However, that was yet another deciding factor for my purchase.                
Have not had a need.                
I have it!!!!                
I am getting at least two more of these mics.  I expect to use them until I die.                
just compare it side by side to any other mic besides a tube mic and then compare prices. this one blows them away, on quality and price.                 
excellent built in shock mount.                
I agree with the others, blue always emails me back with help when I need it.                
It looks awesome too, but that doesn't help the sound.                 
I like  My microphones . I've used every good brand out there when it comes to mics. My favorite microphone for a smooth sound is at4050. I like it more than the neumanns. But the presence that the blue dragonfly has is incomparable . Clear , crisp and very enhancive to a regular voice . Fully recommend it to anyone that can afford it .                  
This Mic has a wonderful silkiness and accuracy about it. Especially for wind instruments and hand percussion. Though I have yet to throw something at it that it didn't caprture exceptionally well. It out performed mics with a much larger price tag.                
Being a mic, it did not come with accessories, but the screws that are used to hold the diaphram in place after use are a good idea for extending the life of the mic. Also, the built-in shock mount is a really nice design idea and works very well for supporting the mic.                
Nice, tight design. solid where it needs to be, light where it doesnt.                
Bottom line, for the money you pay you get 20x the mic! This is an outstanding piece of equipment.                
n/a                
Many people say that with a BLUE mic your paying for the name, which is true to some degree. the BLUE mics all have unique design and are very "collectable".                
Until i can afford a $2500.00 mic, the Dragonfly more the fits my needs for a great overall recording mic. Great, flat responce, wonderful range... not much more to be said.                
When you find the right place for it, it's one of the best guitar amp mics you will EVER find.                
Integrated shock mount saves you from having to buy one.  Head can be rotated many degrees for flexible placement.                
Please - B.L.U.E. makes their own screws!  Let alone the grill quality, the box and contact quality, etc...                
With the recent drop to the $800 range, this is a better value than when they first hit the market.                
Who are these JERKS who put a "1" for customer support?  Did you ever call B.L.U.E.??? You probably have a phone that say's Fisher Price on it, because I have the dog gone CELL numbers of some of the guys there in case I have problems.  Try that with some of the other mic vendors - I dare you!                
It's pretty good on electric guitars,but please don't think of using it on vocals. It's nasty on all the singers I've tried it on.                
no rolloff or attenuator                
overpriced...I don't care if Blue makes their own screws!                
A mic priced at this level should work on vocals too!                
I was on the waiting list before this was released, and I wanted to wait a bit before commenting.
This unit is really great.  It's extremely easy to operate.  There is a great selection of many, many beats that all sound so real it's almost impossible to believe.  Having had both an Alesis SR-16 and SR-18, this thing blows them away.
Since it's so easy to change drum kits, I've been playing around with selecting beats I wouldn't normally use as-is, such as some of the hip-hop beats, and assigning them different kits such as "brushes" or "ethereal", and the results are amazing.
The timing of the pedal stomps for transitions was a little hard to get the hang of, but I'm to the point now where I can basically "write a song" on the fly and not make any transition mistakes, and I barely glanced at the manual, so it's really not hard.
I also have the external footswitch, the official one.  I was pleased to see when I plugged it in and configured it, that it did an auto-detection to see if the switch plugged in was latching or non-latching, so in theory you should be able to use any dual footswitch.  I play with a "looper" for my guitar, and the stomp-stop/stomp-start is very handy to get back in sync when the looper starts creeping off the drum beat.
I have it plugged straight into my studio PA via stereo, and it sounds AMAZING.  Can't speak to plugging it inline between guitar and guitar amp.
Haven't even begun to play with the software/programming aspect yet, but if it works as advertised I can see how it would be incredibly easy to pre-program your entire set list.  The external footswitch, when no beat is playing, is used to cycle through the current group of songs, so it's very easy to advance to the next song in your set list.
Also finally realized that, when no beat is playing, the Internal pedal can be used to set bpm by stomping... works really great to set the bpm to whatever i'm feeling, before firing up the song.
Love the intros and outros too, makes it very truly "song-like" when I'm performing on the fly.  And the 3 randomized fill patterns keep it incredibly "fresh" and not boring.
In short: What are you waiting for?  If you're looking for a versatile drum machine, this is really the one!!!                
As a bass guitarist, practicing at home can be boring, but this small pedal makes it fun again. It's loaded with rhythms from marching band to jazz all with adjustable bpm's, volume and drum fills. I've even taken it to band practice when the drummer couldn't make it. The drum sounds are authentic, the pedal is built well, it's compact and there's more beer left in the fridge after practice ;)
I had my eye on this for quite sometime and now that I started plating with it, I dont know why I waited so long. This is a great tool that any musician should have if they can afford it ( thanks to zZounds I was able to). It's very easy to use. I was able to figure it out and start jamming within 10 minutes of opening the package. I was drummer and I must say I was very pleased with the sound quality. It doesnt sound artificial or MIDI like. Although nothing beats having a real drummer on hand, the BeatBuddy comes pretty close. The reason I say is because of the control it gives you (fills, accents, stop start).  Some have rated this device low and to be honest I cant see why. At the very least, still device would still rate above average as it pretty much delivers on all it's promises. The only knock is the price otherwise if you are reading this review, there is no reason not to buy it. Very fun to use.                
I love it. Sounds awesome. Not a digital drummer.  Sounds like a real drummer because it is!                
The Beat Buddy drum pedal for guitarists is simply fantastic. Right out of the box it is easy and intuitive to set up and use. I was up and running in minutes. With an array of different drum kit styles and musical patterns you can have your own personal drummer at your feet (don't tell the drummers). The resources for setting up playlists to use at a gig are excellent. You can hook the drum buddy up to your computer and program a list of songs that can be gone through by simply tapping on the footswitch you can purchase along with the drum buddy. A must have accessory. You can control the tempo by foot tapping, switch between sections of a song that have different feels and fills, intro a song, outro a song, pause for dramatic effect, all just using your feet while you play and sing. A really great addition for the performing singer/guitarist. I have a Bose L1 compact PA that really allows the beat buddy to shine with great bass for the kick drum and clear, crystalline highs for cymbals and hi-hat sounds. I can't say enough good things about this great product. Super for practice as well, a metronome on steroids, that sounds natural. You'll probably want to give yours a name.... Ringo works for me.                
However... it has several "glitches" that make it impractical to use in a playing situation.
First, the "songs" all start with a drum solo... incredibly hard to deal with when most songs started by a drummer will have the customary "click off" to begin.
Second, pressing the "change from rhythm A to rhythm B button can be an odd experience as the transitional fill will be forced into whatever beats are left, sometimes really making for an odd sound.
Third, the midi interface works strangely when coupled with another drum machine in as much as the counts tend to drift apart (i.e. 108 beats per minute is NOT the same from machine to machine and becomes very noticeable several minutes into a song when the two beats are off).
Fourth, the "remote" pedal is almost useless (cymbal crash - start/stop the "song") and is not re-programmable as I was told it would be. While it is handy to stop a song with, rather than go though the "drum solo" at the end of each song, it's not really very functional.
Sixth, so far I cannot make the updating software work correctly, and the updated songs I was told would be available, so far aren't (to my knowledge - or then again, maybe I simply can't make the updating software work correctly). Whatever the problem with the update software, or a bad user interface, or a bad user (I'm a guitar player not a computer programmer), I would like to see a bit more user friendly an update mechanism be built.
Last, it's a pedal, which means you have to bend over to fiddle with it to get to the next "song"... which with a guitar is not all that easy to do... the answer to this would be a pedal driven BOARD with the board on a stand and a bank of pedals to control the board, that way between songs simply reach over and change settings rather than trying to keep from banging the neck of the guitar on... anything.
I reiterate that the sound is great (except for the drum solo INTO each "song" and out of each "song") and sounds most like a drum set than any other drum device I've used (I have half a dozen different machine/trigger pads from Roland to Simmons and BOSS and back), but the way the Beat Buddy starts, ends, and performs transitions leaves a little to be desired, especially considering the price.                
This is very cool. Easy to use and so much help with timing !!! Love it !!!                
So far, it works well. I'm impressed with it so far. It has a multitude of rhythms, and styles to aid in writing and/or live performance.                
This thing is Great!  Should have had one years ago.  Beats almost any drum machine out there.  Sounds Great and easy to use.  Would recommend it to anyone.i hat                
Is this an overpriced metronome? Yup, but it's a lot of fun also. Has very good sounding drum loops, as well as being able to customize anything you want. Very versatile.                
it may be ok for the pros, but to normal players its to complex . sound is ok but too much like a fake . the downloads suck and the program is too timley. I personally didn't like it and I have been recording as a hobby for years.                
Sound quality is very good for my purposes of high quality webcasting.                 
I wanted a unit with many channels with compressors to make 

the maximum audio capability easy to set and not have to

supervise. Overdriving digital audio circuits is disastrous

in terms of distortion- much worse than analog systems.                 
Board layout is logical and intuitive.                
This unit offers more bang-for-buck than others I could find in-class.

Compressors & equalizers & phantom for four of the channels does

the job!                 
If the size were a bit smaller, I'd be in heaven but not a big

deal; someday I will likely use the extra capacity available.

My main unrealized preference is for 24-bit USB resolution.

I get around it by plugging into the output XLR a 24-bit converter

instead of the resident 16-bit circuit. Results are strictly

studio-grade audio- as good as it gets.                  
I was looking for a small but powerful mixer and let me tell you!!! This thing is amazing I have Numark NS6 and 15" powered EV'S this mixer makes these things pump and clear.
sound. Would tell any one just started to get into music to get one. I'm extremely satisfied.                 
This is a great small mixer which has several nice features like low freq cutoff, compressors, EQ. It works well and has excellent sound quality for recording. It is a great value for the price.                
It does the job very well and it sounds superb for the price.                
the usb/interface feature makes it stand out from other mixer.. its kinda tricking learning to make the mixers work in software but once you play with it its very easy                
just like anyother mixer i have used                
Made Like aNY oTHER mIXER Ive Had                
Havent Needed It                
Crystal clear vocals! and with logic I can easily tweak tracks with a boat load of effects. When used with the right software and the right know-how you can make a killer record with not much additional equipment                
effects and free software!! also slide controls on a budget mixer?!?!? you wont find that anywhere else.                
For the beginner it MAY be tricky to set up with your software. Try and find someone who knows what their doing to help you with setup                
made from the same stuff any other would be                
best value!! but then again thats Behringers thing right?                
havent had to                
professional look.                
honestly Ill never have to pay for recording again! this mixer keeps on truck'n                
This particular mixer was a "returned" item at zZounds and I bought it from them at a very nice discount because of this.
The mixer is brand new. Not a scratch on it. All functions work perfectly! It's great for a DJ or small band. I'm very happy with it.
By the way, the guys at zZounds are FANTASTIC! They are ALWAYS extremely helpful when I call with my questions and concerns. I trust them with every purchase I make.                
Product is a mixer and it does that real well                
Has many features I needed including the Phantom Power for my condenser mikes.  Have not used it as a interface to my computer yet but I am anxious to try.                  
Very good price for all you get                
Have not dealt with support.                
Over all it is good but the one thing that bugs me is the brightness of the power on light.  I have to cover it with my finger in order to see descriptions of buttons near it.  I think I am going to have to cover with something.                 
For it's sound and price, which sometimes may lead to trepidation in a purchase, I was astounded by the sound this unit expresses.                
I purchased this item for what it offered in the description, it delivered.                
Very simple to use, took a little tweaking when recording through an external tube amp, yet very easy to clean up.                
Recognized how solid the build is on this mixer right out of the box.                
Most definitely, I could have purchased another more expensive however, I wanted to save a few dollars and am not disappointed in my decision.                
Have not needed to contact support.                
I hope it will last, I will always find a use for it although I may look for something else with more options.                
After waiting for about 3 months for a different Behringer Mixer to come in stock, I chose to order this one instead.The problem is, I needed one for recording my guitar covers, nothing vocal.... And I didn't even check to see if this had guitar inputs. It doesn't... by the way ;)ANYWAYS, I still use this thing by using adapters to plug into the 1/8 inch input, and it still sounds awesome with my guitar. Clean, distortion, or whatever effect you need, it will still sound good! I was pretty impressed with this little thing, even after the initial disappointment.. so I can only imagine what it would sound like being used for what it's built for.I recommend it.                
The mixer is got to be the quietest, lowest noise USB mixer out there. Just simply the right size with the right performance.                
I was looking for a USB powered mixer that could work with my Nexus 6 cellphone. I get clean sound and have plenty of gain. This compact 2 track mini mixer has 1/8 " inputs along with phono and XLR. Does a great job!                
this lil thing is junk no matter what you do you will hear all of the channels in the head phones even the channels that are not assigned to go to the head phones you will hear them I did call Behringer and asked them they said that’s how the mixer is and to fix it turn down the volume on the head phones so don’t wast your time or money don’t buy this mixer                
Easy to hook up and set. Clean audio with plenty of power. I put it into my studio which was built in 1962. It replaced a Sony 100 watt receiver which replaced a pair of Macintosh power amps running push pull quad 6L6GC tubes. It's been too long to compare it to the Macintosh amps but it's much cleaner than the Sony was.                
The sound is fairly transparent, I was surprised at its performance.                
It's a power amp! input and output with volume nobs..... The only down side was the lack of banana plug sockets. But i simply added my own to it. messured the actual power output between 120 - 138 watts each channel at 8 ohms, nice!                
Again, its a power amp! 2 volume nobs and a power button!                
Of course being a very low cost item the quality is going to lack in places, but where it does lack in the A500 is mainly in the plastic face plates. Internally the electronics are of fairly good build with, alot of the wiring being of a larger than average gauge and fairly solid looking circuits.                
I work in a high end Hi-Fi audio store, and I can get anything from DENON, Cambridge Audio, NAD, Samson, Alesis at COST PRICE! And I went a boaght this Behringer A500 from another audio store! If that doesn't give you the message of the units value for extremely great performance, then I dont know what will!                
I haven't had to contact behringer on this item so far. But I have dealt with them before in the past for my DDX3216 digital mixer, it had a busted processor and was OUT of warranty and they still fixed it with no charge! So I for one CANNOT trash talk this company for their support, at least their Australian support!

Take that HATERS!                
Id definitely buy another one for my other 2 speakers!                
As I said before, I work in Hi-Fi, I could have gotten any stereo integrated amp from DENON, Cambridge or NAD below cost price. And I found the behringer outperforming all in almost all fronts, sure the Cambridge's are very nice sounding but they simply cannot compete with this for transparency of signal or come anywhere close in power output unless you want to spend 6 times the amount of money you would in buying the behringer.

Product of the YEAR for me!                
I own two which are bridged running my stereo speakers from a pre amp, a close friend has 5 all bridged running his home theater set through a yamaha reciever and it sounds great. So my better than the yamaha amp, much more dynamic. Honestly for $200 it's a good piece of gear. Although it can only really manage 120 watts RMS at 8 ohm for its price it is great value. From the sound of the other reviewers it doesn't handle road use but this is unfair as it was never designed to. For the money great little amp.                 
There are not any stand out features but the fact that you can buy an amp like this for $200 is amzing. The heatsink is large as is the transformer.                
Very easy (come on its a power amp)                
Although i have hear that on some the gain knobs do not line up i have not had any problems. The plastic front plate is cheap as well. Behringer could have done better                
For the money it is amazing, try some audio forums they rave about the amp (for home use)                
Have not had any trouble with this amp but my previous experience with behringer is not at all good, once you buy something they dont care                
I personally like the meters on the front, my friend however has covered the lights as he finds them distracting. The face plate is cheap but still fairly pleasing to the eye, i do really really like the heatsinks on the outside.                
Currently it is providing great power cheaply, unless it dies or i upgrade speakers i cannot see myself replacing it.                
As a solid state amp, it has no sound of its own. That's a good thing.                
Lot's of input flexibility. Has unbalanced RCA inputs which is the only way a home theater guy like me could use it.                
Plug and play. It works great and has tons of power.                
It's well built, but it's not a jewel or anything. It does look cool, however, and the front power/clip meters are pretty nice looking if you're into that sort of thing.                
This amp represents an insane value when you compare it watts per dollar to anything else out there.                
Haven't had any problems so I haven't had to deal with the company.                
If you can call an amp "sexy", I guess this one is.                
This amp is running my power hungry nominal 4-ohm but tremendously power hungry HSU 1220 subwoofer. I have it in bridged mode and it has never clipped, even at insane volumes (114 dbs at 20hz).                
I think your store would be wise to cite the review from The Audio Critic on line magazine.  They tested this amp and gave it a good review based on performance for the money.  Their comments were that for the price it was an excellent value even if it did not produce the rated wattage of 160wpc at 8ohms but rather 120 wpc, it is still hard to beat.

The negative comments I see listed hear sound like they are based on someone who is used to tube amps which do things to sound that are good for performance but bad for playback, asuming what you want is inaudible distortion.                
The review I mentioned cites some lackluster connections but then again it's a very low priced amp that if someone used in a fixed location and didn't have to use it on the road, it would have no problem.

I plan to get one just to play with and perhaps use to power a subwoofer in the bridged mono mode, or give to my son for use with with an old preamp/tuner that I no longer need.  Solid State amplifiers like this one should have no "sound" of their own, but rather should pass a signal without audibly altering it, if it does that, and there's no measured data that indicates otherwise, it is one helluva bargain.  If you want something you can use on the road, get a QSC, they can take a beating.  If you just need some stable power for a home studio, the Behringer will be perfect.                
I think the sound is fine in terms of not coloring it, but it's not as loud as the power rating would have you believe.                  
What do you expect out of something in this price range?                 
It doesn't get much easier, but then again, it's just a power amp.                
This thing is a piece of crap.  Don't but it.  I know it's not designed for the road, but it doesn't hold up to being used either.  I bought two of these and had problems with both of them.  One had the volume potentiometers replaced and I'm still trying to get service on the other one.  If you want to buy Behringer, spring for the EP1500 or 2500.  I love my EP2500, but these are garbage.                 
Good features for a low price is a nice idea, but not if the product does not work AND you have to go through hell and a LOT of downtime to get support on it.  If this crap breaks (it will) and you pay shipping to have it fixed, you may as well pay more for a better amp and save the  trouble.                
This company sucks horribly for support.  If you don't buy from a local store who stocks the product, you're screwed.  They are extremely slow to do anything.  When my first one broke, it took over a month to fix because they didn't have the part.  With this one, I have a hell of a time trying to get anyone to respond to me.  All I'm trying to do is get an RA number for service.  I sent the e-mail with the required info 7 days ago and have still no response.  I called them before to start the process and they said they'd e-mail the form... never happened.  Unless you buy from a local store, do not buy from this company.                
I think it looks pretty cool.  You can plug something into it just to make the lights look pretty, as long as you don't need it to power speakers or anything like that.                
I have replaced these with one EP2500.  The only reason I bought that one was because of all the great reviews.  I have one A500 in my rack as a "back-up" in case the EP2500 fails and I have another A500 that's broken.  I might see about selling them on E-Bay or maybe using them in something non-critical like powering monitors at band practice, hooking up a cd player, or using them as door stops.                
Just an average sound, not great but not trash either.                
Had features you would expect from an amp except only 1 year warranty where other companies offer 2-3 year. They must know something we don't.                
It's an amp                
After 1 1/2 years and only 322 hours of home recording time, one of the channels blew.                
There are better deals out there in performance, value and durability.                
Beringer made every attempt to get out of making repairs claiming improper use and ignorance of its purpose and use.                
I wouldn't give 2 cents to anyone for this product                
After doing the Warranty Waltz with Beringer and burying my poor amp yesterday, I've decided to replace the other Beringer unit I own ASAP.                
This thing couldn't produce good sound if i hired an orchestra to play behind it!!! It is junk!! Hollow,empty sounding amp,not reliable,and the power rating says stereo 223 watts per side, its more like 23 watts per side, very hollow sounding, no brilliance, or warm tones here!!!This thing wouldn't know warm if i gave it a jacket!!ABSOLUTELY DREADFUL!!!                
It features no power or anything else exciting!!!!!!                
Theres no ease of use when its not reliable or powerful!!                
J-U-N-K Can it be spelled any clearer?                
No value in a product that doesn't do what it says it will,and, a company [behringer who doesn't give a crap]!!!                
Behringer cant answer any questions and doesn't return e-mails or phone calls!! HMMMMM..... I wonder why im returning this amp to the store [ online ] that i purchased it at!!! Behringer got my money, thats all they care about.... to heck with the consumer is what im getting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!                
I dont want it,you dont want it, nobody wants it!!!!!!!!!! Trust me from one musician to another!!!                
One horribly bad product,and,a company[ behringer ]thats terrible!                
Some say this amp sounds clean, but what is described as "clean" are distortions in the higher frequencies. A studio reference amp should sound clean and neutral. The A500 does not.                
It has also cinch (phono) inputs, that's great,but what do these help if the sound is as bad as described above. Also the wattage is overstated. It delivers 138 Watts at 8 Ohms in stereo mode, not 160 Watts as described by Behringer                
As any power amp. Turn down volume while switching on or off                
Its kind of "plasticy" Also on the A-500 I used one channel was slightly louder than the other one, of course with both volume knobs at the same setting.Its typical Behringer quality. Do not buy this if you want quality                
Although it seems cheap, this amp is of no value.                
They want you to sell their products, also make false promises, wrong wattage figures etc, They state this amp is pro, not it is not.
After you have bought their product they dont want to hear from you again. Support is terrible                
If I want it, thanks, but no thanks                
Don't waste your money                
sounds very natural, plugged 2 different AE guitars, nice sound for each...also tried mic channel and it sounds great as well, tried reverb with harmonica, think I will continue to use that live....                
love that it includes a foot pedal..very handy                
very simple to figure out and I'm usually a little lost with electronics                
knobs are a little small and fragile seeming and a cover would be nice but that's my only concern                
really great prices on all Behringer products                
not used just got it a few weeks ago                
great looking                
I would replace with same                 
This amp has fantastic sound.  It has near perfect acoustic reproduction. I play my Ovation through it, and the sound is warm, full and rich.  There is no amp hum or anything.  It also does wonders for my voice, which is saying quite a bit.  The 180 watts is provides plenty of volume, whether alone or with a band.  The stereo amp fills a room from front to back, and is not too loud or soft anywhere.  Put it on an amp stand to elevate and tilt it for the best sound.                
Lots of features.  The equalizer is great and the FBQ works well.  I really like the built in effects.  The room, hall and concert reverb are very nice and very natural.  They enhance the sound without being overdone.  The other effects also sound pretty good, though I'm not sure how often one would use flange or phaser on an acoustic instrument.  Again, they are noticeable but not overdone.  All sorts of jacks for input and output.  Loved that they included a foot switch so I don't have to buy one later, and it is metal and well made too.                
Very simple to operate.  The manual is straight forward, and you don't have to memorize all the effects numbers, as they are listed right on the amp.  I was able to go from full, natural acoustics to some twangy blue grass in no time at all.                  
Seems pretty solid and well made.  Hefty feel and solid construction.  Good protection on the corners.  However, the knobs do feel a little cheap and plastic, like they could be knocked off pretty easily if banged around in a trailer or something too much.  This is probably the only area where I fault the amp.  But I tend to baby my equipment, so no real problem for me.                
Hard to beat.  Great sound, great features, lots of wattage, and a reasonable price.                
Only had it a month, so I haven't needed any support yet.  However, I did contact Behringer with some pre-sale questions.  They responded quickly and were very helpful with my questions.                
Amp has a nice look.  Sort of retro, though the equalizers take away from this. Overall, pretty cool looking.                
Had this a month now and am very happy.  I play with a small country group every now and then, and wanted something for voice and my acoustic without bring a whole PA system along.  This fits the bill nicely, and the sound is great.  This is my first amp from Behringer, and I would certainly buy from them again.                  
I bought this amp online without trying it.   The low price, abundance of features, looks and wattage attracted me to the amp.

When I fired it up I was very disappointed.  The first thing that concerned me is that I had to set the volume on my guitar all the way up, crank the Master volume and gain on the amp  past 9 and that only obtained  about 85db of sound from a few feet away.  The amp is not loud enough for my living room so I would never attempt to use it at a live performance.  

The sound quality was poor to say the least.   Even  with each  channel having it's own eq I could not get the sound dialed in anywhere close to being acceptable for professional applications.  The best I could do was get an OK sound from the acoustic guitar.  I tried using several mics including the industry standard  a Sure 58. I spent a great deal of time trying to get a decent warm sound from the vocal channel but it wasn't going to happen.  
                
The amp has a lot of features which is part of what drew me towards it.  However, the quality of the eq, compressor, and effects were not very good.                  
Great looking amp, and well built cabnit.   The knobs are not the highest quality.                
Astatically it's a good looking amp.   Lots of features but they didn't help obtaining a good sound.                
I am sorry to say that I was very dissatisfied and returned the amp for a refund.  I would only recommend this amp as a starter amp                
One word: AWESOME........                
Brought this amp due the fact that had the ACX 1000 which blew up, and foolishly thought this would be as good, WOW no where near it , I use a Australian made maton acoustic Guitar which is world class, through this amp it sound world crap, no richness sounds like a transistor radio, Disapointed YES! very! Will be getting the old one fixed!!!! This is my experience and my personal opinion only.                
I bought this amp about six months ago from zzounds and i just started to use it this past weekend i thought the sound was pretty bad on the guitar and vocals not sure what to do but i will try playing through it again this weekend and see                 
It has no nice clean sound for the guitar and the vocal part has no reverb                 
it may need a lot of tweeking to get a good sound from but i dont want to spend hours twiddling knobs                 
sturdy construction and easy to move around                 
if i can sort the sound out its worth the money if not $200 to much                
there's a long phone call waiting to happen :-(                
looks good nice and neat                 
if i can sort the sound issues i will have to look for something new a.s.a.p                
The sound is good for 2 x 8" of these special Bugera speakers the Back is fully enclosed which is a plus for pushing the amp beside you or behide. I experimented in the studio. and Found I could Play with the amp on a stand facing me with the guitar and mic plugged in with effects and with good volume to practice and not feed back using the feedback control. Out front I could get enough volume to play a coffee house with the amp alone using the amp for the PA also. small , light weight and with separate effects for vocals and a foot pedal to control each makes it a snap! The range and dept of the effects were far more reaching that I expected. The back of the amp has plenty of pedal inputs and send plugs for recording DI's and such.                 
The foot switch is METAL tough and with about 18feet of good cable. 

All the features is what you will and should be looking for in an acoustic guitar especially the antifeedback control if you use harp it would be a great tool although most harp players use tube amps, they could use a pedal to boost it and use the effects for a better sound.                 
It is so easy I just cut the little picture out of the sound effects and put it on my stand every thing else it intuitive. 

a 5th grader could use it. It takes longer to unbox it that it does to connect it and use it. 
                
Good quality Look. metal corner protecters, covering looks good.

For the price you would have to go about 600 green backs in a major brand and I trialed those and the speakers are really back. The speakers in this amp does not  load up with the bass and flap out. 

It can take the power.                 
Value packed as far as I am concerned, I been playing 44 years. 

I use all types of equipment from vintage tube to  so good stuff.
                
Not yet, but I've been using the Behringer 60 watt bass amp in my studio for 5 years and it gets used for Key boards and bass a lot, no issues.                 
Based on the way the product looks it has great look and I am not ashamed to put it on stage like some of the Black mechanical techno. Bolt edged looking junk. 

It has a nice eye appeal.                 
I will use it and recommend it , get another for a back up if it gets on the road.                 
I've wanted a behringer amp for quite a few years. I recently made a trip to R.I. and looked at another brand and was dissapointed. I came home and found the behringer ACX900 online, and bought it. I have never been more pleased with the sound and the effect sections with any other amp (Fender, Marshall, etc.). The bang for my buck was huge! Beyond a doubt, the best acoustic amp I've ever played through. I use a multi effect stomp box on one channel and on the other I use a staight jack and can get four different sounds with one guitar. It's really cool!                
The amp comes with a two button controller with a very long cord. It's all the amp needs.                
Haven't had any probs yet. But registration and email corresponces were quick.                 
A friend of mine thought it was an old amp that really sounded great. WhenI told him it was brand new, he didn't believe me and I had to show him the invoice. It has a brown vinyl cover that looks like aged leather.                
Many years! I do want to get a couple of cabs to expand the stereo effect. I mainly bought it because the price was too low . The unit was marked down due to cosmetics. I haven't seen any blemishes at all. If stolen, I would replace it wit the same model. I haven't gone all the way with this amp to say what I don't like yet, give me a couple years. Ha! Ha!                
I found the sound of this amp very clean, clear and natural. The sound quality is simply superb if you are using this amp for acoustic guitars & I even used it for my 12-stirng guitar with a Seymour Duncan Woody pickup arrangement & it sound brilliant. The on board effects are again very impressive & I like especially the Reverb, Delay & Chorus effects a lot. The Flange & Tremolo effects are slighly weak but I never used them as these are probably not being widely used for acoustic instruments. The reverb effects are one of the best I ever listened, you can say the quality seems equal to Boss RV-5. Delay effects are very useable and very natural and short-delays respond very well with your playing. Chorus effect is very lush and powerful. I played my guitar by switching off all the effects and it sounds very natural without any noise. I used it in some live situations & i found it very good. Equalizer is again very effective for shaping your desirable sound. The output power is quite enough for small size live situations but you can hook it up with a PA mixer with all the necessary connections available at its back panel which is a great plus point of this amp. I think if you really want to enjoy with the full potential of this amplifier then you should use a good quality electric acoustic guitar like I am using the Ovation Celebrity CS-257. You should better place it in a tilted position for better sound projection to audience.                
This amp comes with a very well made foot switch. This amp is full of features and I personally like the Feedback detection & Reverb/Chours/Delay features very much. The design & overall look of this amp is very impressive and looks like a very expensive amplifier. The vinyl covering color is very pleasing and looks a lot like pure leather. The golden color front & rear panels & protective corners are again very cool features indeed. Yes I do agree that the volume knobs looks a little weak.                
Very easy amplifier as far its operation is concerned. The operating manual is very well printed and mentioned all the necessary points and details. I have used four different guitars on this amp and its responds very well even with a solid body electric guitar.                
The manufacturing quality is again very good. I did not like the noise it produces while switching off the amp. One or two equalizer's sliders LCD sometime start to flicker and by tapping lightly they become okay. Apart from these two minor faults all is very well made. I think this amp is cosmetic wise is superb but a little sensitive as far as sturdiness is concerned. However I am a very keen care taker of my equipment so no problem for me.                
I found this amplfier very worthful.                
I have a chance to dealt with the company. Two years back I was trying to book this amp with their authorized dealer in Pakistan but the dealer was not booking the order and playing tricks with me. So I reported Behringer sales department and they verified my complaint reports and put observaiton on the dealer. On verification, they finally kicked out the unscrupulous dealer from their list and arranged a supplier for me in my country to supply my desired equipments. Now I am proud to say that I and one friend of mine is now the owners of their Ultracoustic amplifiers only with the kind help from Behringer Sales team.                  
This is one of the sexiest amplifier I have ever seen. Very beautifully made. It has a very aesthetic touch and finishing is just superb. The different parts color scheme is matchless and I simply fell in love with this amplifier. My friends are crazy with the brilliant looks of this amp. Futhermore its LCD red color lights are like diamonds glowing on a chunk of gold. Simply superb.                 
Overall this amp is a great addition to my gears rig. No I would never replace it as it completely fulfills my requirements. If this amp is stolen I would buy it again but I will select the higher model because probably I want more power. I like most about it is the beautiful design & sound quality. There is nothing whatsoever in it to my least liking.                
Smooth, rich, full bodied, like a great cup of coffee!  Very satisfying.  I tried out Fender, Hartke, Roland, Marshall, and Behringer.  The Behringer was the most bang for the buck.  It does not feedback.  It is clean if you want it and down and dirty if you want that.  Solid, well made.  Comes with metal dual control footswitch.  The fx are there and all have perceptable differences.  You will thoroughly enjoy this amp.  I use it in my bedroom only, but it is rugged enough to take on the road.                 
Dual Purpose metal well made stays where you put it foot switch.                
Dial up your sound in a flash.                
Very nice solid construction.  Not flimsy in the least.  Good Speakers.                
I did a lot of research and I don't think you can buy more amp for the money.                
Have not needed it.                  
Looks as good as a speckled pup under the hen house!                
Seems like it will last as long as my 24 year old Stereo Chorus 400.                
Great amp. I was going to replace my guitar until I put it through this amp. Great sound!                
ZZounds is a great site.  The product was exactly as described and shipped in less time than expected.  I am very satisfied with this product and their service.                
This amp/Pa system is simply amazing ! The sound is pure candy to the ears. I've used it to play small/medium size venues and it performed admirably. I hook a DigiTech Jamman Stereo pedal up to it into the CD inputs with pre-recorded backing tracks that I play my guitar and sing along with so I'm like a one man band. It's great!!!!!                
Is a good amp. Plays nicely for coffee houses... I haven't tried it hooked up to a pa yet. I have a nice shure mic that it plays well with and of course a Martin Guitar doesn't hurt.                
Just got this thru zZounds. The service was great. Im not happy with the amp. To thin sounding, The effects lack so much. Ive had many different types of accoustic amps, I do not recommend this one. I play professionally 3 times a week. I'll keep this and get another later, One good thing my Strat sounds pretty good thru it. My Ovation lacks tho. But  love zZounds.
I owned a ACX 1000 behringer before this, and the 1800 is so much better, it's like night & day.  Behringer really did a good job of taking out the noise which was the big complaint of the ACX1000.

The sound is so much cleaner.                
Too early to tell about reliability, but it sure is pertty.                
You can get much more expensive acoustic amps, but dollar for dollar it's the best I've heard.                
Sound clearity is OK.  

The Volume is good enough to cover mid size hall.                  
Multi Foot pedal is ok. 

Effect Knob is not good at all.  You turned it, but you don't feel where it select.                  
If you are not stupid, you can do it.                  
Worst quality I have ever experienced.  

The reason why I purchased this because it has second channel with mic xlr.  The second channel gain control is crapped out within couple of months.   
                
Sound and its volume is ok.

Quality and its support is crap.  

mini mini moni mo~
                
If you are a low tempo guy/gal, probably you can deal with it.  

However, if you are not, this company has crappy support. 

I called for warranty repair, they said I have to do it on-line.  

I did on-line submission for the warranty repair, I have to wait 48 hours, and I am still waiting.  

Oh, one more thing, if you want to call to resolve to problem, good luck~!.  They said they only have two person avavilable for dealing customer warranty, and it looks like they are getting lots of calls for bad product.                  
I only have limited experience with the older revision of this product (the ADA8000) but this is definitely an improvement.  The older version had less capable mic preamps, not quite as much dynamic range, and issues with the converters clocking properly with certain interfaces.  The ADA8200 has improvements in all of these areas.  The mic preamps certainly don't have as much clean gain as my Focusrite ISA Ones or my Seventh Circle Audio pres, but they are still have enough gain to push a Shure SM7 to line level without any appreciable noise.
Some people are deterred by the inability to use S/MUX for higher sample rates, but this isn't an issue for me.  I never record anything above 44.1 or 48khz.  I bought two ADA8200s here on Zzounds at a B-Stock/Blemished item price of $150 each!  That is a truly unbeatable price for getting 16 mic preamps and 16 A/D/D/A.  I use them with a MOTU 828mk3 with no issues thus far.  
If you are looking for the cheapest route to expand the number of channels in your project studio rig, look no further!  The sound quality is on par with any of the more expensive alternatives like the Focusrite Octopre, M Audio Octane, Presonus Digimax, etc.  My only issue with the unit is having so many of the connections on the front.  I have them permenantly interfaced with a patchbay so each unit has 16 cables and connectors hanging out on the front of the rack and it can sometimes be difficult to adjust the levels for the mic pres.  Its a small price to pay in terms of ease of use considering how great of a value it is!                
I bought this to get 8 more channels into my home ProTools rig. I'm currently using a 002 which is about ten years old, so I'm pretty sure the pres and converters on the Behringer are actually better than what I've been using. 
The unit is pretty straightforward – no elaborate bells and whistles, just gain and phantom, really. There's a weird jump in level towards the top end of the gain range, but the unit doesn't have the same noise as its predecessor with the gain cranked up that high. This isn't a set of pres that impart any coloration or character; it's just a clean extra 8 channels. 
One quibble I have is with the phantom power button – it's illuminated green in its "off" state and red in its "on" state. This is, for some reason, counterintuitive for me and I've been fooled by it once or twice in stressed setup situations. I'd have preferred no illumination in the "off" position and green for "on." But I'll get used to it.
As this is one of the more modestly-priced 8-channel pres with ADAT/opto connection on the market, I suspect there are some out there with nicer pres and converters. But working on a budget as I am, this one gives me results that I'm happy with – and my clients are happy too. Win-win.                
I use the Focusrite Octopre MkII dynamic preamps on my primary rig, but I needed a cheap 8 channel mic pre for a rehearsal rig. The mic preamps are clean, but perhaps a bit harsh in the upper end and they do not have the depth and body of the Focusrite, but then again... huge price difference.                
Well, I must say I am impressed with this unit.  While it's build quality doesn't seem super robust, it has the exact same AD converters as the Focusrite Saffire and Scarlett interfaces.  The Cirrus Logic CS4272 chipset.  The preamps sound a little more flat and true on this unit compared to my Focusrite which sounds more boomy and big.  
I could see this easily fitting into the mix.  Very good job Behringer!                
Great price and value now with the Midas touch.                
Works as it should.  Seems well made, sounds good.  What more can you say??  Buy it!                
Make my guitar sound great.                
I haven't had much use for the mid-frequency knob, pad switch, or ground switch. The level, blend, and equalizer knobs are pretty much set where I want them now.                
It took some experimentation to get the settings right.                
It seems well made and durable. Only time will tell.                
Compared to other pre-amp/DIs, this was a good value.                
If I hadn't needed a pre-amp for my passive pickup, I wouldn't have looked at it.                
I don't expect to need to replace it, unless it were lost or stolen.                
Great acoustic di. Excellent price. Stereo ins and outs                
This item was defective shortly after receiving it.  Returned it to the company at my expense for repair or replacement under the warranty.  5 months later it is clear they have no intention of doing either.  Others have had a similar experience.  Stay away from Behringer!!                  
I bought this hoping to add a little "richness" to the sound of my acoustic, but instead it added unwanted noise. I tried multiple cables and configurations and power sources but I was not able to eliminate the "humming" noise. It may be a defective unit, not sure. It's on my desk right now packaged to be sent back. BIG PROPS to zZounds for issuing me an RMA and paying the return shipping with no questions asked.                
I wouldn't use this with headphones to mix or master; there is some noticeable noise added which is typical of almost any headphone amp, but this doesn't really matter to me because I only use this for live tracking. There are amps much more expensive yet with much more noise. I use a higher quality headphone output on my digi 002 for reference when mixing/mastering.

Plenty of power. Just as much as my digi 002, but this amp doesn't sound quite as good.                
Plenty of inputs/outputs. More than I will ever need.                
Not a very detailed manual, so setup could potentially be confusing for some people. Actually, I did receive a very extensive manual, but it was in German (I think) and I didn't get an english one. Oh well. I don't personally need one anyway.                
It's fairly light, but doesn't necessarily feel cheap. It could probably take a beating. Overall well built and the sound quality, for live tracking, is just fine.                
$45 with shipping? Really freaking good deal. I prefer this amp to many that are much more expensive.                
Never dealt with behringer and I own a lot of their gear. This is a good thing. Their speakers aren't too good, so I avoid them. Their electronics/rack gear/mixers are generally fantastic.                
Anyone needing a reliable, well built, good sounding headphone amp won't be disappointed with this one. Looks snazzy.                
Love it. Will keep it with me for year to come; hopefully it won't go out on me. I don't think it will. Behringer electronics are usually fantastic and very affordable.                 
I am amazed at the sound quality of this little guy. It's clean, clear and produces no noise at all. I am using it with a drum practice rig and my Aural Exciter sounds awesome through it.                
This amp has everything you will need to monitor or use instead of amps and speakers. I use it at the end of the chain and all my effects sound like your playing live. besides the front 4 headphone inputs, you have 4 more on the back sharing the volume control of the front 4. That's 8 total headphone inputs! It also has balanced inputs/outputs and a link connection for other boxes in the series. For monitoring or live practice it's absolutely perfect!                
It's as simple as it gets. There is no learning curve as everything is straight forward. You have front level and output controls that are a cinch to set. Turn your headphone level up and your rocking. That simple.                
This is the only section I can't answer yet as I just got it. I have no idea how long it will last. Switch's, knobs etc are tight, but not the absolute highest quality. This thing might work for years though. It has a plastic housing and great looking LED's and level indicators.                
There is no better value in the catalog. Pristine sound, awesome inputs and levels for $50 bucks shipped? You gotta be crazy not to get it.                
not had to use it.                
Not as sexy as some, but dynamite comes in small packages. The only complaint I have is there is no rack mount capabilities on this little guy, but he sits on top of my effects rack just fine. It does have rubber strips so it wont move.                
I will use it till it breaks. I can't see why I would need anything different. I would replace it in a second as long as there are no quality concerns in the model.                
Ive never owned a different headphone amp.

But I cannot tell that I am having any sound problems with it.

I have a decent set of headphones and it cranks them pretty hard and it sounds clean.                 
Seems to have nice features, 2 inputs to select from.  Works fine for me.                
Really easy to hook up and use.                 
It is plastic but what do you expect for 50 bucks, and it works fine.                
For the money, you likley wouldnt buy a better new headphone amp. 

It does what it says its going too.  Ant the sound is good.                
The best, the kind you dont need                
Looks pretty good in my rack, and level indicators look cool too.                
Overall sound is clean and has plenty of power and options for me.  

4 people can monitor at the same time.  For the money what else can you ask for.                
We got this item to use in the control room so others could hear the headphone mix while the Eng was mixing, works perfectly, not the strongest thing built, but worth the price.                
I use this amp for sports coverage in the field.  It works as advertised.  Hard to beat it for the price.  In my application, equipment take a beating, and this AMP 800 stands up quite well.                
I'm using it as a distribution amp for sound systems in each room. I have a studio and seperate systems where you could monitor the sound from the living room to the garage and bathroom. This was the perfect answer... and it only cost $45 with shipping.                
It elimiated all the ground loops I was chasing and strengthens the sound. I realize this wasn't intended for such a task, but computer speakers mesh with headphone outs, so I can use a JBL system in one room, Cambridge in another and HK in the third. All sound excellent. Controls are wonderful and the balancing input volumes are a welcome addition.                
Brand new condition. It won't stay that way as it will sit behind the wall.                
DA's don't normally cost $45, unless it's some transistor model you scrounged from an old radio station.                 
First Behringer unit. I got their catalog so I'll start the wish list soon.                
Doubt anyone thought of using this as a DA. Typical solution for my problem would be a Symetrix unit for roughly $400-500. More user friendly than a Henry unit.                
It's been on line for a week. Let's see how it holds up during thunderstorm season.                
I bought this headphone amp a while back and right when I got it out of the box only one port worked. When I plugged up my music to listen to through the AMP800 I could only hear it on the left side on port 1. None of the other ports worked at all!! Sweetwater helped out to trade AMP800 and get the ART headphone amp! Save your money and go for the ART headphone amp! It's the best one to use ever!!!                 
Not to bad for 50$ its better then the more expesive ones                
it has 8 outputs like wow i never would need that many but its cool                 
a dof could do it                
its made of plastic but other then that its sex                
never need it                
i got it in canada its is a great add on looks are ok and its sound like sex in my ears i would never buy a expensive one i had a expesive h phone amp and it crapped out after a year and it didnt souund all that pretty this one is soooooo much better                
I had just purchased a used Dobro from a gentleman and he called me the next day and told me about this amp. He has played for 50 years and he thought it might be a good buy. I purchased it and didnt even know what I was looking for, but have to say it makes my resophonic sound of quality that I am really impressed with. Sound is great and even plugging in the mike while playing was great. I have to say I am very very happy with this unit. I am a newbie at this, but I am an old man and know what sounds good.                 
Everything I tried was great                
I dont know what interface intuitive is, but it sounds great.                
Good looking quality cabinet to me.                
I paid $69.00 for this and was thinking about buying a used one for $89.00 This was a much better buy.                
It is an amp, what does sex appeal have to do with a square box sitting on a table.                 
I will have to wait and see                
The sound of this Amp is fine. You dont have any efx but you know that when you buy it. It is a great small amp for practice or could even be used for small gigs.I have ran a small reverb unit on the Mic and it sounds great.Th guitar side is very easy to zoom in if you have a decent preamp on your guitar.                
The Low-Mid-High Eq work exceptionaly well on this unit. but they work simualtanesley on both channels.                
Plug in tweek EQ and Play.                
This amp is made very well. And for the price the quality is great.                
You can not go wrong with this amp, if you are looking for a small pratice amp or something to just sit around the house to pick and sing on. The quality of this amp is the same quality as amps costing 5 times as much. I have only bought a few Behringer products, but everyone I bought was worth what I paid for them. If you are looking for a $600.00 amp sound then buy a $600.00 amp. But this amp is as good as a lot of amps in the $150.00 to $250.00 price range.                
Never needed                
Bought the Behringer AT108 Ultracoustic Acoustic Guitar Amplifier (15 Watts 8) to match up with my new Martin. Not a professional for sure so was looking for something small that I could lug around. This amp is perfect. The sound is great and more powerful than I would have guessed.                
I use this for Ukulele(s) both acoustic and electric. The sound is surprisingly clean compared to my Vox Mini 5 with much less amp noise. I use a Hall of Fame Reverb pedal with it and get some really sweet sounds. I highly recommend this amp. Just wish it was also battery powered.                
I'm an oldie just learning the guitar, but this amp really sounds good. I did some listening at my local music store and in my opinion, the Beringer AT108 Acoustic Guitar Amp sounds as good or even better than those costing 2 or 3 times as much. Ir's a MUST BUY if your in the market for a small amp.

W Drees                
I haven't had a need for support as yet.                
Excellent sound. Very portable. Great sound.                
Microphone sounds very good, I am not dissappointed at all. I would highly reccomend this microphone especially for the price. I recorded my son playing our upright piano and I am very happy with the sound. The recording was comparable to piano CD's we have. For those people who are interested I placed two microphones (the ones I am reviewing) near the back of the piano. The recording and sound was pretty clean, especially considering it was a home recording). I wanted and was able to capture a pretty "clean" sound, from this point one can add reverb to replicate different hall effects if I desire.                
The feature set for this microphone is absolutely the best and of high quality. The shock mount is impressive as well as the microphone carrying case.                
Very good quality all around. The microphone itself has a nice heavy solid feel. It is also nice to look at. Everything about this microphone including the accesories gives one a quality feel.                
I shopped around for microphones, compared specifications, look at the functionality, looked at accessories as well as read reviews. There is no other microphone you can touoh for this price given all of the above. I  bought two and may buy two more.                
I haven't dealt with the company yet, but I am giving them the benefit of the doubt, there should be a NA rating along with the 1 to 10 rating. The instruction booklet should give more information/pictures in how to use the shock mount as well as explaining that there is a 3/8" brass adapter which needs to be removed to fit the standard 5/8" microphone mount.                
Aesthetically this is a very appealing microphone. The foam head accessorie is a bit large, brings some chuckels but isn't unattractive. Besides the microphone all the accesories have an appealing and quality look and feel to them as well. Before I even opened up the microphone case my wife saw the microphone case and was impressed with the case design. One nice thing about this design is that it is unique enough that people will identify with it quickly.                
If one is interested in recording I would absolutely reccomend this microphone. One thing I would suggest is to buy 30' of XLR cable, I bought 20' thinking it would be enough and I am about 10' short. My reccomendation would be to buy one 20' XLR cable and one 10' XLR cable per microphone. The enviroment I am in is home recording.                
Amazing sound for the price, sold my Neumann TLM 103 after comparing with the B-1.                 
A hard case, windscreen and shockmount on a mic at this price point is unheard of.                 
Overall quite good but the same fit and finish of a Neumann, it's more comparable to a Rode NT-2 (at 1/3 the price).                
For the money amazing.  If there is anything that can beat it at three times the price I'd be shocked.                 
Very cool, makes vocals sound alive.                
Couldn't ask for anything more.                
Have only used SM57's previously and am not an experienced recordist, but this bugger sounds great to me.  Sound is clear and airy and "right there" instead of lurking off in the far corners somewhere -- no hint of the muddy dark tone that always plagued me before.                
Has bass rolloff and an attentuation pad, which do their job.  Included shockmount is really high quality -- all metal and convenient to use.  Case is surprisingly good.  Foam spitguard is odd-looking but effective.
Those complaining of the thread adapter: LOOK AGAIN!  There is a brass 3/8 adapter screwed in.  Remove it to find 5/8-27 threads!                
Nice construction, every part smooth, strong and well-fitted.                
I am finding it hard to believe something so nice is priced so reasonably.  Very much worth the price.                
Haven't broken it yet, no experience with factory support.                
Professional-looking.  Studio now looks like I may know what I'm doing.                
I suspect in 3 years I will know more about mics and be able to see the usefulness of an expensive one.  But this should always find some sort of use, even so.  I dig its sound on vocals and tenor saxophone; I might even sing some, now that the B1 makes me sound so much better.  If it's ever lost, I'd go for another one immediately.                
I only had a Nady, a Radio Shack microphone and a Shure SM 57 so it seemed quite an improvement.  I use it with a Yamaha mixer with phantom power.  I now have a Rode K2 which costs almost 7 times as much and the Rode sounds a bit better, but not 7 times as much.                 
It comes with a high quality case and a very nice shock mount. It also has bass rolloff and an attenuation pad.                  
It does not require any learning curve.                
Very solid, bullet-proof.                
Excellent value.                
Never needed support.                
It is for people that want a good condensor microphone at a very low price.                
I still use it although I have a much more expensive microphone.                
The description and reviews I read before purchasing this product are accurate. I was a little skeptical, however this mic does really perform well, and it is true that you won't really need to equalize your recordings. Very low noise, crisp clean recordings!                 
The sound quality of this microphone is pretty good. I bought it around 2003 and I still use it till this day. I use it to record hip hop and r&b music and I have had no one complain about the sound yet. Most are actually surprised that such a cheap mic can sound this good. I know it may not beat out your top brand microphones and I will admit I have not tuned my ear to know the difference between all the famous mics, but this microphone is a must have.                
It comes with everything you need to put the microphone on a stand and start recording. It has a roll of which is useful if you live in urban areas like I do. It help by keeping the lower frequency sounds from entering your mix.                
You plug it in and go, it does what a condeser mic should do.                
The quality is par none, especially for the price. I will always keep one of these around just because its so good yet if someone drops it I know it will last and if not its easy to replace. I have traveled to many cities with it outside of its case and it has not changed the sound one bit. Very sturdy.                
I feel as if I have gotten my moneys worth and so much more. I love this microphone and I am only recently updating to different mics in my home studio. This is perfect for people with a budget that want to just get some work done.                 
Never needed to call. I heard they are slow to respond but hey, your not paying for support with these products you are paying for the product only. If you are worried about getting support I suggest going with a company that builds that into there product price.                
IT looks like a nice microphone and could sit on the same shelf as your high end mics and unless someone saw the Behringer label, they would not think twice about it.                
This mic provides excellent sound quality comparable with much more expensive microphones. It does a great job of picking up the subtle sounds of the violins and violas I have recorded with it.  The low frequency cutoff is a nice addition to this mic.                
this mike fools everyone                
case, shock mount and wind screen included                
all I can say is its sweet looking, and appears to be built to last                
like I said before everyone who hears the takes think I'm using something much much more costly                
never had to call them!!!                
i dont know about "sex appeal" but it is indespensible at this point                
not only would I replace it I'm going to buy a B2 as soon as I can                
Great sound. The presence boost is most welcome on vocals. In most cases it doesn't need any eq at all. Clear and transparent (but with a nice punch!).                
The filters (on the mic) are very useful. If you switch the "-10db" filter on, you can probably even use the B1 on stage! The little metalic case is most stylish and the handle is top notch too.                
Heavy, stylish, good.                
An amazing micro almost for free! What else do you want?                
Didn't need it yet. But, with so many products and retailers, it must be good, yes?                
Very cool. The girls stare at it and want to touch it. (lol)                
If it ever breaks (hope not), I'll buy another B1 just like it.                
I also own a Shure 55H Classic Dynamic Mic which retailed for around $160, this sounds 5x's better than this, with the exception of this being a condenser mic tho. Sound was "there", very clean and crisp, extremely low noise, I believe I didn't hear no noise at all! I use on vocals only, with the addition of a Presonus Preamp... Very rich sounding.                
Features are good for the price, I mean its mike, they only have a few features if any.                
Very cleanly made, durable construction.. Spidermount very solid as well..                
Worth every penny, works well for home recording hobbyists or musicians.                
I called Behringer 3x's to ask them about one of their mixers, very friendly and helpful, sounds like they know what their doing.                
Overall, this product fits my needs nicely, might search for another condenser mic soon, just to have a few in my home studio... Very much worth its weight in gold.                
It sounds ok, the mic does what it has to do and gets the job done for the price.  Its not up to par with other mics that cost just a few bucks more.  The only problem I really have, is it really seems i have to crank the Pre to get it cookin.                
It has some cool extras, not top notch but if you are an at home musician or hobbyist there is no reason you need a whole lot more.                
Its a Mic, you plug it in, turn on phantom and use it.                
I like this mic fair enough, although, if i lost it i would probably go for a slightly better mic.  Still, i wont deny that it makes a good introductory mic.                
Its a hundred bucks. It records.  As i said before though, if it broke i would probably get a slightly better mic and spend a few more bucks.                
Never had to use it.                
it looks nice, but the beringer logo on the side tells people its cheap.                
I think the mic is ok.  I only gave it a higher rating because I believe that it makes a good beginner mic.  Once you become a little more serious and noticing little things in your recordings this mic may not cut it.

Oh and i do industrial so distortion doesnt really bother me.  The fact that i have to crank this thing to hear it however does.                
Sounded good until 2 years later it started creating it's own wind/rumble sound out of no where. I checked all of my equipment & connections and noticed it was the microphone making the worst wind/rumble/pop sounds ive ever heard.                 
For its price i didnt expect any features other then the standard cutoff settings. Comes in a great pro-finish looking briefcase that contains/holds the: The microphone,windscreen & shock mount                
It's a simple XLR connection from the microphone to the mixer or/preamp. No manual or/ technical help needed for that.                
Being my 1st condenser microphone, i didn't know exactly what's the difference in quality. But since using it often i now know,

It's pretty flat-naturally so it 'NEED's an eq & compression to give it more depth & warmer tone. It's very sensitive & picks up the smallest background noise.                
It's a good microphone if you want some added 'presence' in the 12khz range & above.                
I've havent had to call there support line yet but now that my microphone has gone psycho, it's out of warranty.                
Nothing other then the price that makes it Want-able.
                
Good microphone for the whole 2years it lasted,and i babied it. May last longer for others, but i wont buy another one as theres better for a little bit more in quality & features.Will read reviews more closely before buying from a company that focuses mainly on just pricing.                
I think it's definitely a good mic to start out with. A first condenser when you record your vocals at home, or acoustic guitar etc... 

The truth is, you get bored of it... personally as I learned more and more about working on the audio, parallely I was groing out of the mic. So now that I want to move up and try my tricks on a better mic... I would, still, recommend this to begin with.. Its a decent mic, FOR 100!!                
Hey.... not all have -10 dB and low cut filters!                
plug and play, or so they say...                
Its a condenser mic... DON'T DROP IT MAN!!!!!                
For the money.. it's a good deal.. But I, at this point, would have bought another one.... Rode nt1 maybey.. AT 4040....                
I dunno                
It's like a purdy flower.... I like the look...                
NOT BAD FOR A 99.00 MIC. I WAS SURPRISED!!!                
THE B-1 IS OK FOR WHAT IT IS A GENERAL PURPOSE RECORDING MIC.IN THE

STUDIO OR OUT ON THE RUN IN CLUBS,AT CHURCH ETC....                
MADE VERY WELL,HEAVY DUTY CASES AND RUGGED ELECTRONICS.                
VERY CONSERVATIVE PRICE FOR THE QUALITY OF THE MIC'S THEY BUILD..                
HAVENT HAD TO USE DONT KNOW!!!                
IT'S OK...I DONT NEED A SEXY MIC TO GET GOOD SOUND...FOR WHAT EVER THAT MEANS ...........SEXY MIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
                
OVERALL THE B-1 AND B2-PRO ARE VERY GOOD STUDIO MICS. BEHRINGER HAS 

DONE AN EXCELLENT JOB OF PRODUCING GOOD MIC'S FOR THE MONEY, AND THE 

SOUND YOU GET FROM THEM!!!!!!!!!!                
I'm ham radio operator using this mike is awsome this mikephone is hotter than heil goldline mikephone,i heard from other and going to buy one used mine is good shape like new ! this mike went from s5 to s7 now s9 with this mikephone the mike is stronger than heil goldline that is why bh-1 went to s9 on my single report i use it every morning durning my weather net on 80 meters ! this mike is  a keeper ;)

when you use the make sure audio mixer my mixer is xenyx802 there is button is called: phantom it will work as long the button is pushed in !                
this mike is used for ham radio, i love this mike better it hotter mike that i found !                
my single went to s9 on single report on my ham radio !                
Crisp. Clean.                
You get a case, mount, windshield, cutoff switch. Wow                
Really seems sturdy and very professional looking metal finish.                
Wow! There's actually many cheaper condensers now that the far East is making them all, but this one seems tough to beat.                
In the past, I've contacted Behringer by email and heard back within a day or two.                
For the money, it's a real beaut.                
I know there's "better" mics out there, but there will be MANY other parts of my home studio I replace before this one.                
i have owned 3 of these microphones, and they all sounded pretty decent until they quit working, all in identical fashion.                
came with a nice case thar is at least still useful.                
no instructions neccesary.                
as i said, all 3 of my behringer b-1 microphones have ceased to function properly (i don't smoke, and i treat my equipment with great delicacy). 

first you notice a questionable low volume rustling sound, much like wind passing across the microphone. after a short while this progresses into full blown squealings and popping, with an unmanagable bass rumble. at that point, the mics no longer pick up sound. the random popping/squealing/rustling/rumbling is kind of interesting, but it's not at all the sort of use i was hoping to get from these mics.

VERY VERY SHODDY.

if you decide to buy one of these, you should consider your selection more of a "loan" of indefinate length rather than a "purchase".                
stay away unless you enjoy wasting your money.                
hopeless                
it's very sexy looking, i'll give it that.

might be cool if you could hang it from a matching necklace, serious "bling factor" there.                
i will never buy another behringer product so long as i live, unless i here stories of a miraculous turnaround in quality control.                
How does it sound? It sounds like a $100 condensor. NO, it does not sound as good as a TLM 103 or other high end mics. For the money, yea I guess it is a good deal maybe. I would personally go for the Studio Projects B1 in the same price range. This mic does not sound like $500+ condensors... sorry.. it does't even  sound like $200-300 condensors.                 
Comes with decent shockmount and case... nothing special... nothing bad.                
Chinese made, it looks OK I guess, it seemed to be pretty sturdy.                
I would go for the Studio Projects B1 in the same price range.                
It is a $100 condensor... you get what you pay for, no it is not superb quality, will it do for home musicians?? I guess that depends on how serious about your music you are. If you are serious look at some more higher end condensors.                
I haven't used mics upwards of 300 dollars but what I can say is that this is honestly the best sounding mic I've used.  It sounds better than an AT3035, an MXL 2001 (this sounded close but the highs were just so much more defined with the behringer when eqed), an oktava mk319, shure sm 57 lots of stuff... basically most of the mics in the 100-200 dollar range.  This one beats them all in my opinion.  However, EQing and compression is a must... I don't care what these people say, this mic (and most) will not sound their best without optimizing it's spectrum.                
typical.                
Something is wrong with the jack but it doesn't effect the mic when it's mounted so oh well.                
great value... I'd pay up to probably 20 bucks more but I'm cheap.  The Oktava Mk319 and AT3035 sounded really similar with some kind of housing  echo added... this mic blows them away.                
Never dealt with them.                
looks pretty.                
The mic for the home recording person.  While there are better mics out there, (listen to your favorite recording... there is only so much processing you can do... what it really comes down to is the source, the mic, and the preamp) this one will do for anyone in the 50-500 price range in my opinion.                
For the price the sound is incredible! People cant believe that I record my tracks in an apartment. - Elevatedmind Productions                 
I use this for mostly choirs, distant miked, and individual instrument soloist purposes. It works for the purpose - they tend to sound a bit better in halls with not very good acoustics - and is very sensitive, but very feedback resistant. Sounds like a what a large diaphragm mic should sound like, but tuned for clarity. Overall, satisfactory for the price. Can beat some mics costing 3-4 times the price for certain applications.                
Does what a mic should do. Low cut/pad switch works well and is thoughtful but NOT NOISELESS when you turn the switch, especially after a few months. MUTE, and i REALLY MEAN MUTE, the channel if changing switch positions for the sake of your speakers. Some 'think-i-know-it-all-about-sound' guy turned the switch when i was checking something else during sound check - fried some speakers in that one move. YOU WERE WARNED!!                
Plug, set and play, really...                
First is the above-mentioned switch. And the case it was provided with is falling apart. But that's after 6 years...                
It's a deal for the price.                
Behringer Malaysia distributor sucks. That's all i can say. I owned other stuff which had some QC issues or just simply was trashed and needs repair, and it needed quite a long time of arguing with the technician and send-backs before it was ok.                
It actually looks like a pro mic. Sounds quite like one. Feels solid. So...

Can mics really be sexy?                
I've been using this for about 6 years now for many events day in and day out. It's been trashed, but it's holding well. I'll buy more/replace it with the same in a heartbeat, unless something really worth comes along or this is discontinued. Having said that, Malaysia doesn't have much good deals with products.                
Hey,i need a new mic.hey,i need a new CHEAP mic.Hey,that Rode is too pricey for me.Why not the behringer?

I admit it.The B-1 is perfect if you're a fan of that thin,cheap sound,that really irritating thing known as Resonance.But hey,it's under 100 dollars so who cares,right?                
Lemme make it clear that this is NOT a 100 dollar condenser.Half the money you spent were Accessories.The awesome-looking case,the Shockmount and the Pop-Up,ball-type windscreen all cost money,Add the cable,and you got about 40 dollars of pure,lousy condenser microphone.                
Hey,it's a godsend to stupid people.Are you one of those idiots that don't know what a mic looks like?Get a new hobby.Everyone else,this one's easy.

B E H R I N G E R .

High Quality till i die-so i reccomend  a different brand.                
What do you know?Our first good grade!And why?Because of the features.                
When i want an answer to one of my questions, i want it from intelligent,dilligible people.Actually,i just want an answer.

         So there's no point in waiting for 3 hours on the phone while that behringer secretary drinks her coffee.                
I want it!This one's good for practicing on my darts!                
Naah.Rode.                
Whatever you read about Behringer, Yes some of their products really are of very bad quality, had a Europower mixer that broke down on its third use. But whatever, Behringer mics are OK, very OK indeed. The B1 is a nice sounding microphone that can compete with any condenser mic in the price range. The sound of the B1 is cristalclear, nice and even. Good for male and female vocals. OK, ist not a Neumann, but you won't get a Neumann for that price. I can highly recommend the Behringer B1, however the quality of Behringer products, their microphones are good.                
Check out the Behringer website, Its got a roll of switch, and -10 attenuation is possible too, comes with shockmount, carrying case and popfilter,not a bad package actually, especially for that price                
As any condenser mic                
I have the B1 since a about 3 years now, it never has let me down.                
Well, the B1 is good value for money                
I only can talk about their German support, I needed Behringer support in regards to a Behringer mixer. Now, to be honest, their support is no good, they are unfriendly and unhelpful, Sorry Behringer, but this is the truth                
zZounds is asking about the "sex appeal" of this product, what a stupid question, IT IS A MICROPHONE; - I have sex appeal, not the mic                
I give it it a 5, because of the Behringer german support, normaly I'd give it a 9 - (never give a 10 unless.... unless a 10 is 100% justified)                
In regards to sound I give this mic a 9, its not The Best - BUT - considering its price it deffinitely is one of the best. The Behringer B1 was my first large diaghramm condenser.I now own this for a few years and it never has let me down. I seriously think the B1 is one of the best sounding mics in this price range. Using it on vocals and acoustic guitar,- I like to state that the mic sounds natural, crisp and clear. Deffinitely better than most other chinese made condenser mics. Behringer has a bad reputation but with the B1 it seems they want to make up for that.                
Well, there are the usual features, check on the Behringer website                
Its as easy to use as any condenser mic, just keep it in the case when not on use and use a pop screen when singing into the mic                
I have my Behringer B1 since a few years, used it a lot and it never has let me down. So it seems to be of a very good quality. If you hold it in your hand actually I think you can feel it is very good quality.                
The Behringer B1 certainly is good value for money                
This I guess is what might break Behringer if they do not get their act in order. I once needed their support in regards to a Behringer mixing desk. If there is anything that will break the Behringer company it is their support, at least here in Germany. When I emailed them regarding a problem with the desk my email was ignored, not answered. So I had to re-send the email several times to finally get a reply. This reply was not satisfactory in regards to my problem. After all it took more than six month until I finally got a satisfactory reply to a simple (but not stupid) question. Speaking to their tech. support here in Germany - I find them rather unfriendly. Sorry Behringer, but that is my experience with your support.                
zZounds here asks:

"How would you rate the "sex appeal" of this product?"

We are talking about a MICROPHONE here,- Sex Appeal-?????? are you gone mad.                 
Good quality mic, great value for money, maybe one of the best in this price range                
perfect clear  but over exageret in hi freq...so alittle eq-ing s necessary..and u must use a class A preamp..w w important  don t use cheap preamp  liKE little BEHRINGER UB use one moore expensive..300$                
great..f u have great voice  s ok ,but f you re voice s not ok goo for expensive mic .for start 500$                
remember  a goot preamp..minimum 300$   minimum gain posiible                
s ok  f you re voice s ok..good f acoustic guitar                
perfect                
the price s w w cheap...and the mic s w w big in quality y have for 1 year  works perfect..and my STUDIO PROJECT C1 s big brother!!Dont get my wrong...goo buy B1...FOR THIS PRICE!! AMAZING                
Great sound. Mostly used on Vocals. Compares to more expensive mics.                
The switch is a nice addition for $100 mic.                
Very little editing required to get a good recording. Noise is very low.                
Great Quality on the vocal tracks I recorded. Have not used it for anything else.                
Can't beat the price                
N/A                
Great sound for the price, crystal clear signal, we compare it with Noiman, it had 10 percent less queality under the same conditions!                
Switch, give u the possibility of different kinda recordings.                
U just put it in ure mixer and turn on the phantom... Hehehe...                
Very good quality for the price.                
Great value for 100 bucks...                 
Dont need one. I have it for 3 years, and it works just perfect.                 
I have it.                
Really good mic for all kinda aplications.                
The sound of this is very silky. That would be a good thing, except it doesn't really have the bottom end to round it out.                
For a 100 dollar mic to have a rolloff switch and pre-attenuation device (pad)? Not bad at all. But if you're into stereo miking get a B2 with the switchable polar patterns. For the XY, M-S, etc...                
Ehhh would be a lot easier to make sound good with outboard EQ. But you don't have extra money laying around for EQ, that's why you're looking at this! I know. I've been there.                 
Nothing on it has broken with me. But I'm very careful with it. I still have the moisture absorber thing in the case with it.                 
For the price, it's a good condenser mic.                
I've never dealt with them.                
Haha. Part of the reason I wrote a review for this was to see if they actually ask you the "sex appeal" of a product. Well believe it or not they do! But yeah, it's hot. Only problem is I'm a dude, and I can only fit a female end in it. (XLR. Get it? Sound geek joke.)                
You know, like anything in this industry, you get what you pay for. If you are even reading this, you want a piece of gear with decent quality that's going to get the job done for less than the big boys. With the money you save buying this, also get a compressor(for like 80 bucks)and learn how to use it! THAT combination is going to really bring out the vocal track.                 
For a hundred dollars? Well, the sound is acceptable, but not great. It's clear and reasonably crisp... but gets very muddy quickly with proximity and has a rather natty harshness to it. No real air or depth, but ok for spoken word things as long as you compess and add some clever EQ. I work in radio, and alot of presenters prefer to use an SM58 over this, even though it's way cheaper. If you're serious about sound, you are better off going a bit more expensive.                
Frankly, too many features... pads and roll-off etc are all well and good, but your money would be better spent on sound quality.                
Again, I find having little switches on your mic is annoying. Radio presenters tend to fiddle with them, messing up your studio set up... it's just more things to worry about. Otherwise... it's a microphone... plug and play.                
Actually pretty sturdy for a behringer item. We've been using this 24/7 for over two years in our production and broadcast studios and people have bashed and knocked it all over the place, and yet it still works just as well as it did when we first got it.                
It's good value for the price, but I personally wouldn't buy such a low-priced condenser. you are better off saving your money for a Rode.                
Never used it.                
I don't care about 'sex appeal'... it doesn't look ugly.                
Good sound on a budget... but nothing more.                
it sounded great for a $100 mic, I was REALLY impressed. TILL the pos broke..                
who cares, it broke                
who cares it broke                
Behringer just plains sucks in the quality control department (if they even have one) my mixer crapped out and this mic, no more beringer for me. VERY disappionting too because the stuff had GREAT sound.                
IT broke                
LOL, till I ship it and pay for the cost, IF they even covered the repairs.... so I didn't bother, sucked up the loss and took it as a life lesson.                
not unless someone heads to chine to teach quality control. I won't be purchasing anymore behringer products.                
IT broke                
I HAVE NO TIPS BUT ITS JUST HORABLE I WASTED MY MONEY                
This mic produced the worst recordings I have ever made.  It was so bad that I switched back to a mic from radioshack that cost me $28.  The audio recorded was very soft and scrambled.                
It came with a shock mount. SO.                
As I said before very soft and distorted recordings with this mic. Oh, and it broke!                
Not worth the money, buy a cheap mic before getting this piece of crap.                
I guess its my problem now.                
nothing is sexy if it doesnt work/perform.  It was a good addition to my studio if I wanted something to look at.                
I still have it, and the only reason is that I hope to find some use for it since I payed a hell'a lot for it.                
warm sound. Transparent, clear.                
Good shock mount and hard shell case.                 
The mic seems very well made.  For $100 this is a steal.  I'm buying a few more for my recording applications.                
YOU SIMPLY WILL NOT FIND A BETTER MIC FOR THIS PRICE.                
I haven't had any problems with this within the year I've used it, so I haven't had to get support.  Registering is simple and can be done online.                
Feels great in your hand.... and looks great in it's mount.                  
Great value                
I bought these monitors a month ago and I looked @ the price and similarities of the KRK. They do play well and the price is right however, after a month of heavy duty music, the tweeter in one of the monitors blown. Luckily for me I contacted Behringer and will replace it due to their 3 year warranty. If you're on a budget get them.                 
I ordered the Behringer B1030A speakers and they are all I could ask for and the price was right.  Zsounds shipping was expedient and I would make sure to purchase from the company again for my needs.                 
I ordered the speakers and that is what I received.  The power cord came for each speaker and I didn't expect any other accessory with the speakers.                
I can say that I am not that experienced with utilizing studio monitors for my recording needs although I have recorded in various studios as a professional musician. As far as modifying the sound of these speakers I actually have not had to modify the sound because the sound has been fine.                 
This is a solid made product and as far as reliability I have not utilized them that long to truthfully voice the reliability of product.                
I actually purchased the speakers from Zsounds because they had the best prices.                
I have no reason to contact the company regarding this product.                
I think the speakers look just fine.  This was an economical purchase and the speakers were selected after reading various reviews.                
At the present time if these speakers were lost or worn out I would most likely purchase the same speakers.                
I bought this to use with my acoustic electric nylon string and it does the job wonderfully.  For small places I can use it a man - other times, makes a great monitor, even for gigs where there's a sound man, I prefer to have my own.  The sound is clean, uncolored and powerful enough for small gigs or even a well designed acoustic space.  Of course I use a pre-amp to into it for shaping the sound.  A great value    My only complaint: no handle!!!  What were Behringer thinking????                
I have owned mackie, electro voice and behringer but these speakers can rock. Light weight you can't belive the sound quality, the bass is great may not even need a subwoofer. If your looking for a DJ PA or for your band powered speaker these are the ones for you and zZounds is the place to buy them. My secound set of speakers i bought from zZounds and so far very happy with there service.                
Does a great job at keeping up with a drummer and a full band, I use this as a keyboard speaker. You really do cut through and it has an extended 3 year Behringer warranty. The sound is pretty good, everything you want out of a speaker this size. I had an alto TS 112 previously and this can hold its weight against one, although the Alto was a better quality. Only has 1 input, so you will need a mixer.                 
I run one of these with my Behringer xenyx 502 mixer and Behringer vq1500d sub.  Its loud, and clear.  Its good for mids and highs, the lows are OK. Im going to buy another soon.  Nice quality fit and finish.                  
Speaker is decently loud with nice sound.  Easy to use, seems to be made very well.  I use it for light music and for playing my guitars through.  It will not handle my Behringer electric drums.                
This is an update to the previous review  "rocky r from portland, or".
The sound quality is decent not great but there is a noticeable hiss after highering above 12 o clock (50% volume) 
The lows/mids can be distorted and muffled and dont cut through the mix too well when playing with drums. The sound quality is not as good as my alto ts112a i was being generous with that previous review but upon second thought I am going to try out the samson xp 112a. Use this primarily for live jamming with synths. 
The sound that you get with this speaker is incredible, yet very small, compact while delivering decent bass and solid sound. I'm actually gonna order a second one. I currently got it to use as a monitor for my small lounge gigs. You can easily rock a 150 person party with no problem. Great Unit!                
When I pulled this out of the box I thought it looked a bit underwhelming. I set it up in my living room with a Roland VR-09 directly connected and was impressed with how loud it could go and remain clean. Not the best tone, but not harsh. Not the best bottom end, but the EQ on the back of the speaker helped.
That night I took it to rehearsal with the full classic rock cover band I'm in. I set up the VR-09, a QSC K12, the Berhringer B112D, and ran stereo through a Mackie Mix5. (all purchased from zZounds BTW)
The 2 speakers complement each other very well. With a total of 2000 watts between the two it can be very loud and clear. I had more than enough headroom to keep up with Machine Gun Roy on drums, a Marshall stack and the bass guys Ampeg stack. I never really got above half way on the volume, and I really kicked a couple synth and organ leads hard!
I couldn't pull off a gig with just the B112D, but it really complements the K12 which wasn't quite enough. Plus the B112D will be easy to carry home for practicing.
Overall I'm very impressed with this little beast, and can recommend.                
Perfect purchase for the money... The speakers are so powerful, despite the size, and we were able to use it for a public event of almost 10,000 gathering. Thank you so much for so promptly processing our order and timely delivery. Will be back soon.                
Perfect for small venues. We run a DJ business and use these speakers for wedding ceremonies. They sound clear and crisp, which is perfect for ceremonies.                
The Behringer b112d are great speaker for the money I use them with native instrument traktor kontrol2 and they sound great when turn down low or cranking them up I would recommend these speaker to anyone that want a great speaker at a good price                
These speakers are pretty good, the only bad thing is you can't push that much bass out of them with out it clipping. I'm going to buy powered Subwoofers and I feel they will do a great job.. They sound really good and you can't beat the price.. I might also upgrade to the 15" behringer.                
Quality Sound for a good price cant beat that.                
The sound of these are really good. I'm using them with my DigiTech RP1000 and the Bluetooth makes learning new songs a breeze.                
They were easy to use just plug them in pair them with a phone, laptop ect and instant sound. Overall, they are a great speaker built well and seam tough.Features, are simple straight forward and easy to use. the Bluetooth feature is awesome exactly what I was looking for, I'm using them for a portable cinema and I use my laptop for all my needs and I didn't want cables in the way so people can trip on them, just pair one speaker to the laptop and than pair the speakers together and wala instant sound.Quality, Is good rugged and they don't feel cheap overall very good.Manufacturer Support, Haven't needed it yet.Sound, Overall is very good exactly what I expected except there is a limitation on Bluetooth you can get distortion on higher levels but other than that they are loud and have a great bass, mid and highs I am by no means a sound expert but they make better sound than my home system lol.Very easy to use .... Buy it Buy it Buy it....great price point for what I needed, how can you go wrong on speakers that sound great at $299 I know there are better,but your gonna pay a premium for them.go with B112W you wont be disappointed and that is the WOW factor.                
A LITTLE TECHNOLOGY SKILLS NEEDED TO SYNCH THEM BUT THEY DELIVER AS PROMISED.                
I can truly say that I'm satisfied with the purchase of this unit. We've used it for parties, Cheerleading events and other sporting venues with no problems. It's easily compatible with Bluetooth devices and the overall quality/sound is outstanding. We're in the process of purchasing another one.                
I originally bought this speaker for it's price. I was looking for a powered speaker and was in a budget at the time. I mostly wanted it for a restaurant I dj at, and was tired of carrying my amp and speaker. wanted to cut back on too much equipment. I was totally impressed with this speaker when I bought it. It is super light, sound is amazing. I don't crank it up much and speaker is blasting. The highs and mid sound good coming out of a plastic enclosure. the woofer has good deep bass to make the sound just perfect. I would truly recommend buying this speaker. I am definetly buying the 2nd speaker. Bought the first just as a trial run, pretty much. Just buy it, you wont regret it. I've had mine for 2 months. have done about 10 parties already, no problems as of yet.                
I AM VERY PLEASED WITH MY PURCHASE OF THESE SPEAKERS. THEY ARE LIGHTWEIGHT AND COMPACT. THEY ARE POWERFUL AND THE VALUE IS AWESOME.                
myself,and the groups i play with were shocked at what the speakers can do. we have yet to turn them up more than half way. crystal clear, and plenty loud. as a matter of fact, they quickly replaced my carvin tops. we do not even bring the sub half the time, because the kick, and bass pack a mean punch with plenty lows. great bang for the buck!                
I have had a set of these speakers for about four months and liked them so much, I bought a second set. I do A/V services all over the state and am switching over to powered speakers because I am tired of hauling amp racks into my smaller venues. 
One thing I really find interesting about these powered speakers is they actually weigh less than the passive speakers I was lifting up on speaker stands, and sound better. There is plenty of bottom-end punch and the high drivers are crystal clear. 
I also like the ability to daisy-chain them together via XLR out mix (of two channels) from each speaker which makes it easy to add more speakers as needed. 
I wish I would I would have had these when I was a performing musician doing an average sized bar.
I purchased two B115D Behringer speakers which make me three now, and I'm so glad I did. Being a mobile DJ, these speakers are light weight and store in the back of my vehicle with no issues. 
They sound amazing. Now, a shout out to all the reps at zZounds, these people are so polite , helpful. I've called in after other purchases to get info on the product(s) and I had an immediate answer. KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK                 
i got a pair of these to use in a bar i dj out with some bottom ends and they sound amazing then i dj a biker event out side they did great and sound great they did not over heat they sound clear for the price you get alot of bang for your buck 
Thanks zZounds you guys rock                 
I bought these speakers after being satisfied with the B212Ds I've been using for may karaoke shows for the past two years. I was looking for 15s and was going to get the B215Ds but I decided to go with the B115Ds because of the 1000 watts of power. I an ecstatic with the sound! The sound as clear as my friends more expensive QSCs. Everyone who comes to my shows tell me my sound is off the charts compared to the other shows they go to. Great sound for a fantastic price.                
I just got a set of these a few weeks ago. They sound great with vocals and DJ Music. I DJ and KJ as well as MC Events, and I am so glad that i chose these. My Friends convinced me to add the Behringer B1800D PRO Eurolive Active Subwoofer, which I am glad i did. This helped with he lows and performance of my mains. If you a KJ I would suggest adding the sub! Last speakers i had were heavy these can be throw up with 1 hand!                
I use this speaker in conjunction with the rest of my band sound system. It puts out such strong low end that for most venues there's no need for a subwoofer . Light weight, flexible tone controls, and great sound. I'm going to buy a 2nd one!                
Love these powerful speakers. I use at my studio for social events and have no need to add more speakers. The music is clear and crisp. I am not a DJ but the djs I hire for events love them                
I own a pair of the http://www.zzounds.com/item--BEHB215D (Behringer 215D 550 watt) So I paired one of each the moment It arrived in the door. I was expecting the B115D because it is a 1000 watt to handle much better than the 215D, but to my surprise they Both started to clip right around the same volume level. with the volume and eq leveled out @ 12:00. If it was a true thousand watt, It would be able to drive harder before Clipping.                
I like the fact that you can use various audio cables on this item. Do not like the fact that you cannot stack them.                
Plug and Play, what else can you ask for.                
lighter than the B215D, I think because it is lighter it loses quality. The horns on the B215D sounds cleaner than the B115D. overall it is reliable.                
Great Price For the Speaker, but ask yourself a question, why does the B215D 550 Watt cost more than the B115D? the B215D is a better speaker, so get the B215D 550 watt, that's just my opinion.                
No                
Its an ok speaker.                
first of all Thank you zZounds for your fast processing and shipping. Now to get down to the review. I do not believe this speaker to be a true 1000 watt item. I am going to keep the one that I have but I will NOT purchase another. Get the B215D 550 watt that's just my opinion.                
the quality of the sound is great no matter how high you raise the volume and its very easy to use for the money its well worth it.                
Ok so I bought mine about a year and a half ago and honestly couldn't be happier. This thing has much power. Sounds clean and delivers. I'm a solo acoustic act from Indianapolis and an endorsed artist. Sometimes I like to bring in my buddy to play his keyboard and hook him up as well. My setup is 2x B115D powered speakers and a makie profx12.                
Recently purchased a pair of 115's (got an M and W at the same price due to no stock). Added a b1800 sub to the mix. absolutely phenomenal. Huge sound from 2 15s even in large venue. Having the m and w gives ability to daisy chain and just use iPod or phone playlist for smaller gigs if people want. These speakers add nicely with my yamaha mixer and I cannot fault anything. Highly recommend. Pay the price for the amazing quality.                 
These Speakers have an awesome sound and well worth the money..  10 of 10 from.. Just might have to get a couple more...                
one of the best buys best sound i herd in a powered speaker i got 4 and looking to buy more.                
i love this speakers sound good great buy. did a party a wedding a bbq and everybody kept saying how the sound system sounded. i think i made the right choice can't go wrong with this.                
Overall great buy!  Speaker works as intended and sounds great.  I bought refurbished and had a good purchasing experience.                
This speaker will give you great sound at a budget price. I use for small to medium venues, for larger you need to add subs.                 
I have gigged several time with these before I actually submitted this review. They sound good, clean, full. Seem very durable, and are light.                
Excellent                
Not happy returning them cutting out at low volume lots of crackling coming from speakers spoke to zZounds rep on Sunday waiting for return labels wish they where better but first time using them not happy lost an event had to call another Dj to do the event                 
If you are a mobile Dj Avoid these speakers they are terrible. as soon as you turn them up they will start clipping out, which is very embarrassing. avoid at all cost.                
Ok sound quality for cheaper active speakers.                
I recently purchase the B115D power speakers by Behringer about 29 days ago and the went out while DJing at a house party last night.                
 These speakers have a fairly flat response when I merered it with my RTA.. I can add graphs if anyone wants... but listening... They have a bit of a peak at 125 hz but when I add a little bass from the eq on back they sound great... I used a 15 band eq and with a drop at 120 hz and a little boost at 63 hz, these things are UNBELIEVABLE !!! I have been a sound engineer since 1990, and I have NEVER heard such a clear horn for this kind of money. I do not think the woofer is strong enough for the power but it is still breaking in so it may surprise me. The amp is very strong and clean.... again, for the money, these CAN NOT BE BEAT... They do not pull a lot of wall power either..                
The USB port / mp3 player is GREAT.. It is quick, clean, easy to use, and since I got these speakers, I pull one out, put a thumb drive in, and had GREAT sounding music while I set up. The 1st gig I did after getting these was a MMA fight event outside... I had 1 turned to the building where the fighters came out, the fast food joint ACROSS THE ROAD... STRAIGHT PAST THE RAMADA WE WERE PLAYING AT... asked me to turn it down, THEY COULD NOT HEAR ORDERS IN THE DRIVE THROUGH... The other I had toward the crowd of over 500 along with my 2 @ Yamaha club series 12" 2 ways on a Behringer mixer at 8 ohms getting 300 W RMS each and the 2 were not as loud or clean as 1 of these. I have 2 @ subs for bass and the Yamahas NEED the subs... This speaker does not. It definitely sounds better with a sub but it is not needed for small DJ gigs or for vocals in a large room.... I have a 30 band digital eq in my amp rack so I really had these sounding AMAZING but it took VERY LITTLE eqing to do so... 
The on board eq is great for simple systems and if you daisy chain the 2, the bass and trebble on one affects the other so just set the gain on the 2nd and control by the 1st...                
SUPER SIMPLE!!!                
These speakers seem to be very well built. I DO think the amp is too much for the woofer but the highs amp and horn are simply AMAZING!!!! The woofer soes sound better towards the end of the gig every time so it is still breaking in so we will see...                
This speaker is AN ABSOLUTELY AMAZING VALUE. I WILL be getting more of these as I grow my sound company!                
I have not needed them for these, however, I did have to get a warranty claim for a mixer I have and it took about 7 hours to get it all taken care of... I have not sent it off yet but I will update this once I see how they are with that...                
The ONLY complaint is the sticker on the grill left a sticky film so I had to take the grills off and soak them to get the residue off.                
Ok.. They came in, I unpacked right away to check for shipping damage... packed well, no issues. Hooked them up... played pink noise then 20 hz-30 hz- 40 hz - 50 hz sine wave to break the woofers in a bit... at first they were very stiff so there was distortion when turned up about half power... After playing 20 hz for an hour or so, I played pink noise for another hour... then, I played Amazing Grace by LeAnn Rimes... Oh My Lord... These things are AMAZING!!!! Then I played a few songs that I always use for system tuning when I do installs and I have to say... These things sound fantastic....
      I am actually wanting 2 pairs of the nonpowered of these to replace my RECENTLY REBUILT Yamaha Club 12" mains... This speaker blows them away... The HORN is SO SMOOTH and CLEAN!!! I WILL have more of these as my company grows...                
I received my speaker and immediately hooked it up to,my pyle tuner,also purchased at zzsounds. the sound was incrediable ,compaired to the speakers I was using it was like,night and day. the speaker has to be kept on low volume in my mancave the power would blow the windows out.hooked up to,my tv,outstanding ,to my guitar ,great .for the price,unbelivable ! love my speaker.                
I purchased this item about 8 months ago and it's one of the best I've experienced. The quality sound is so solid and so amazing....I mean for the price is just exceptional. Thank you zZounds..                
It's great!!!                
I will simply say this... Every good review you've read about these are true!!!!.... I just got mines and I am like a kid on Christmas! !!..These are the truth!!!                
First..the 2 day shipping from zZounds rocks. The payment plan is almost too good to be true. Arrived safe and sound. Hooked them up in our "Wife Cave" in the basement for a karaoke night..vocals crisp, plenty of bass..won brownie points from wife! The pair were hooked up to a mixer and we used wireless mics. Couple days later on Memorial day weekend, placed them out by the pool, had a big party, and wow..sounded awesome! Bluetooth stereo function a giant step forward in enjoyment. Different people got in a que to play their fav tunes and they loved the sound! Many comments on how fun bluetooth was, the ease of pairing, and the quality of sound. I had zero issues after taking a moment to read the instructions. Bluetooth range in the house was not an issue, outside in the pool area, it was about 40 ft..quite sufficient for our needs..as we moved our phones further than that, the signal started stuttering. They look great. My 20 something kids moved them around for me..I'm told they are much lighter than most speakers they've lugged around. Never turned them up more than a couple notches..didn't need to.plenty of power. We played rap, top 40, dance tunes, even different languages, all sounded great. This has only been a week, but it was a good test week. Two events, inside and outside, just..wow. Hope this helps in any way.                
These Speaker Are To Powerful And Very Easy To Use. I Really Like Them Because Their Wireless And Have Base. I Only Turn The Volume Up All The Way On My Phone And On The Speaker To The 1st Bar And All I Have To Say Is Sheeeesh, Them Speaker Had Everything In My House Shaking And Zzounds Have Very Fast Shipping, I Ordered Them Monday Morning And They Came In The Next Morning, Their Just To Crazy That I Had To Order Another 1 Fast..                
Speaker is small and compact which is a plus for small venues. The speaker needs a little more power because it tends to strain after prolonged use. Overall they give a great sound if not pushed too hard.                
The sound quality is impressive when in close proximity to the enclosure up to about 60 feet where the bass that used to be there starts to drop dramatically. Of course, it doesn't move air and feel the bass like I get from my EV ELX118's, et.al. but one does hear a lot of extra bass.                
If you don't process your speakers (EQ, BBE, etc.) then there's still enough features to contour your music to your liking.                
Ease of use should be a no-brainer once you become experienced and refined enough of a DJ or musician to know the benefits of adding a bass enclosure.                
I really appreciate the look and feel of this cabinet. It feels solid, looks like it could be heavy, but it's not.                
It's a really good value and anyone should be able to purchase one with a high level of confidence. My only reservation is that the EV ZXA-1 12" sub is rated about 3 dB louder and I like my bass. However, at $200 less than the EV 12, the Behringer just barely edges out the EV which I probably would've purchased had they been $100 less.                
Have not had to deal with the company. This, after purchasing my first Behringer about 20 years ago.                
Taking into consideration the size, cost, weight, the fact that it's only one 12" woofer, and bass response. The WOW Factor is really good.                
Finally, there's an affordable powered subwoofer bin that's small and light enough to put in the trunk of car. It is also the solution for those small to midsize gigs like receptions up to 200 people. I like to use my EV ELX112's or PRX710's and hide one of these subs under the table to keep people guessing where all that bass is coming from. I'm looking forward to purchasing another one and put it side-by-side or stacked for increased bass while still using my mid-size car instead of the truck or trailer to go gigging.                
I purchased the first one six months ago for my bose l1 compact and was so pleased by what i heard when hooked up and connected, i decided to by two more for my two b208d powered speakers i purchased a month ago. All i can say is wow! the hookup was as always very easy and the sound is truely a perfect combination of midlow-hi with the satelites and musically punchy low end comparable to pa systems two or three times the price. It sounds like hi end home audiophile sound repruduction equipment but at hi spl levels. now my setup is complete. I still use my bose l1 compact for voice microphones and now my complete behringer setup for music reproduction as a dj for 200 people or less gigs. My dj freinds and i broke it in for six hours straight and all thier comments were positive. the found no flaws in the systems parameters and more importantly, wnhat they were hearing from both the satelites and the subs. I have a minivan and this all my equipment now fits in the recessed space behind the resr seat. I will never go back to big and heavy equipment. i wish behringer also made covers for the subs and carry bags for the satelites. that would be the icing on the cake.  
I bought this and was skeptical until I hooked it up to my Yamaha Stagepas 600i I just bought (both from zZounds). I'm 65 and trying to down size so I can do more sound jobs, family parties & to use as a traveling PA for the Praise Band that our church is starting. I was blown away by sounds that came out! I agree with all the other reviews, this is perfect & well worth the money (I didn't want earth shattering bass that makes your body pulsate each note)!! It is light enough to handle and compact enough to put it and everything else to do a job in the back seat of my extended cab truck or back of my wife's RAV4! And, it is light enough to carry without putting a strain on my back. I have had Behringer amps & BIG subs & I never had any problems with them what so ever. I can't wait to try this system outside (I may end up buying another one for outside jobs & will probably finally sell my big, cumbersome Peavey SP2s)!                
The sound is great within close proximity of my set up.  As to be expected from a 12", the lows dipped little by little after about 30 feet.  You can pinpoint a frequency and increase the volume at that point which I found useful at lower volumes.                
At lower volumes you can increase the presence of bass by pin pointing a low frequency and then increasing the attenuation.  Volume control is idiot proof and LED will let you know when you should trim the low end.  The physical features are that the box has a small foot print and is relatively light for a bass enclosure.  Alas, the cost is definitely a feature and one does not get what they pay for--they get better!                
Ease of use is self explanatory.  If I were to make one slight improvement, that would be to include XLR AND 1/4" in and outputs.                
The product is well made, does not feel or look cheap.                
All other 12's that I've researched either cost a lot more or are bigger/heavier.  Aside from Sampson's 12" sub (which cost more than this product) you can buy TWO of these for the price of one of the others.                
None of the many Behringer products have ever faltered therefore I've not used the support systems.                
I not only use this for my small to medium gigs, I use it in my home studio and theater.                
I own dual and single 18" and 15" sub cabinets and was looking for bass that would enhance my gigs that are smaller and can fit in my sedan (versus truck or trailer).  Needless to say, as I get older my subs really start feeling heavier.  The Behringer B1200D-Pro was the answer to my situations.  I've used them in a ballroom, dining hall, outdoors, and other events without having to use my gas-hungry truck or trailer.  I teamed this sub up with my ELX112p's, or my JBL PRX710, and even my JBL EON610's and am quite pleased with their enhancement to already nice speakers.  Sure, you can't feel the bass like 15's or 18's offer up, but clarity of the low end is something appreciated by anyone listening. I bought a second B1200D and will give review when a do a few gigs with both.  My lower back pain from a youth injury really appreciates the subs and the price point is pretty low compared to other 12" subs.                
Added with my two 15in Mackie Thumps and couldn't be happier. Decided to with these to relieve the pressure of the thumps and for in house use only and it worked flawlessly. Can't wait to get another one.                
I bought this to add to an existing small PA system. It works as I had hoped to fatten out the sound by adding some bottom end. It is well made and the controls are quite easy to understand. Lightweight too for transporting it to gigs. I wish the receptacle on top was 1 and a half inches to match the one on my PA column but I was able to devise a pole that would work for both so I no longer need a tripod stand for my PA column. It mounts so that it is "one" with the subwoofer for a clean look on stage. Really adds a lot to recorded music played through the system. Not sure it adds much to my live sound but it certainly doesn't hurt. Price was right. Glad I bought it.                   
This subwoofer is very portable at only 43 lbs. Most subs are closer to 100 lbs.I use this with my Europort eps500mp3 portable PA system and hook the sub to the monitor send and it works like a charm. Gives quite a bit of bottom to my Martin acoustic-electric and vocals.Adding this sub to the above PA you can DJ any party in quite a large room with volume to spare! Very well built and should take to the rigors of the road.                
I JUST RECIEVED THIS POWERED SUB TWO DAYS AGO AND ALL I CAN SAY IS WOW! I AM USING IT TO PROVIDE A LITTLE "UMPH" TO MY BOSE L1 COMPACT PA SYSTEM AND IT MORE THAN DOES THE JOB.  I FEED THE SIGNAL TO THE SUB THROUGH THE XLR OUTPUTS ON MY NUMARK MIXDECK AND THE L1 COMPACT THROUGH THE MASTER RCS OUTPUTS. THIS ENABLES ME TO MINIMISE THE LOWER FREQUENCY ON THE L1 AND COMPENSATE WITH THE B1200-PRO SO THE INTEGRATED BOSE AMPLIFIER DOESN'T WORK AS HARD. THE RESULT IS VERY ARTICULATE MID AND HIGHS AS BOSE CAN REPRODUCE AND A NON-BOOMY POUNDING BASE THAT BLENDS IN PERFECTLY WITH THE MAINS MID-LOW FREQUENCIES. MY SYSTEM IS ONLY USED IN 100 PEOPLE OR LESS VENUES.  I CAN'T WAIT FOR MY NEXT GIG. I HAVE THE PERFECT SMALL FOOTPRINT SETUP. THIS SUBWOOFER IS SMALL, LIGHT AND POWERFULL ENOUGH TO FULFILL MY NEEDS AS A DJ. ARTICULATE TIGHT BASS AND USER FREINDLY ATENUATORS FOR COSTUMIZING SOUND REPRODUCTION. AWESOME LITTLE BEAST!                
I just received my Behringer B1200D-Pro Active Subwoofer and I am blown away at the quality and power of this sub. I played Halloween night and can say that the performance of this small sub was outstanding, I used this in conjunction with 2 new EV ZLX 12 Passive speakers...... impressive combo.                
I bought this as a blemished unit for a substantial discount, but could not see a mark on it and it seems to work just fine. Main reason to buy was to fill in the low end for a pair of line arrays I built using eight 2-1/2" speakers in each, and when properly adjusted it sounds great, with more volume than I need. I also used it with my conventional Harbinger ten's for a small gig with the bass player going straight into the PA and it was excellent for that too, in a small room.                
This subwoofer made a night and day difference. I use two behringer 15" speakers for DJ and they hit , but when adding this subwoofer it makes the sound. If you get it you will never want to be without a sub again.. the sound is amazing . I wouldn't recommend using it for big venues as it is just a small sub. But using it in small to medium venues it will do the job. I currently ordered another one and waiting for it to arrive. Can't wait to see how much two will do.                
Bought this sub for a DJ gig in Manhattan but ended up not using it (I got it the same day and didn't hook it up right). Finally spent some time reading the manual for my Behringer XENYX X1622USB mixer and got it to work. It's an amazing compact little sub with a big sound. Fits in the trunk of my car with 2 B115D powered speakers!! It's perfect for a small venue. I could transport all my gear to a gig in the car with room for 3 people on the back seat. I have the 18" sub for bigger gigs but I'm thinking this might be just what the doctor ordered. That said, the 18" sub is by far a much better fit for wide open spaces or larger rooms because it moves air like you wouldn't believe. But for a small gig in a small to medium sized room with rapid setup... this is awesome!!!!!!                
I had no grand expectations when I purchased this unit. I bought them to do small weddings and private parties. For $299.00 you get a decently built sub that will add some ok bottom end to a small DJ set up. You have to watch your levels as it will clip when the bass sounds its best, but I really can't complain about its output. My small rig of QSC K8 tops and these on the bottom sound really good. I kind of regret not getting the EV ZXA-1 instead, but your talking $600 vs $300. I did not think that I was getting the extra $300 worth of sound with the EVs. I have a Pro X rack with a Denon MC6000MK2, rack mounted wireless mics, mounted furrman power conditioner, lights, table , cables, 2 tops and subs that fit in a Ford Fiesta subcompact car. I am going to purchase the EV EKX 15sp Sub for Medium to large gigs but for 50% of my work, this set-up will work fine. If you are a club DJ I do not recommend that you get these. You need boomy bass for a club, and you won't get that with these or any other 12. (Maybe QSC K Sub at 3x the price). Time will tell how long they last, but all in all a good deal.                
This class D amplification continues to amaze me. These little gems really put out great bass. The enclosure is very well made and the coating is tough as nails Ive never seen anything like it. They do exactly what they are designed to do and that is filling small/ medium size venues with sound.They do not have a long ( throw) like larger subs that you have to stand way back to hear the bass, These put all the sound right where it needs to be. Ive read some reviews that said they had trouble with clipping but I had no issues .. If you like playing material below 40HZ all night long you might want to get a 15" or 18" sub. For the size, weight, features and cost it doesn't get any better.                
I have recently been upgrading DJ equipment to smaller, lighter, better. I suffered a major back injury a few years ago and hauling my big heavy rig with power amps, compressors, mixer all rack mounted in a 300# rolling rig box plus the 4 speakers wasn't working anymore. I mated this Sub with 2 EV ZX12s 1000W active speakers and a small Behringer 6 channel board and WOWWWW!!! The EVs stand alone sound really good but adding this Sub made it amazing. Like watching a 2d movie then seeing it in 3D!!! It's small, light and very punchy. Sure the 15" is more boom but for the weight and size I'll keep my 12. I've gone from about 600 #s of equipment to just over 200 with better cleaner louder sound than I've ever used. I can do rooms up to 500 people with NO Problem. With new smaller LED lights I carry my complete Rig in a Dodge Charger with room for 3 to travel. Unreal. Gotta love the new technology. I recommend this sub for any DJ or live band setup. Adding a 2nd Sub for bands would be recommended.                
Great sound! I'm very happy with my purchase from ZZounds.                
You get a lot of “Bass for your Buck”! I bought this little bad boy because I was tired of hauling my Big 18 inch subs to gigs. Now I don’t want to say this little bad boy puts out what my 18 did... But it does put out some good Clean Bass and I will be buying a 2nd one to cuple and will be more than enough for any mid size venue. Get it you won’t regret it!                
I purchased my B1200D about 5 months ago after I Sold my 2 Eurolive B1800 pro passive subs that weighed a ton! I had owned and used them heavily for live music and Mobile DJ gigs for about 6 years. These days I am just DJING and did not want to haul those big subs and thought I would buy one and give it a try. When it got to the house how small and light the box was in comparison to my 18 inch subs. Oh my!!! But when I hooked them up and heard them there is nothing little about them they put out a lot of clean and defined bass. The cab is super sturdy and looks nice. It’s perfect for a small to medium venue 100-150 people. I am in the process of purchasing another to pair and use for bigger venues and I will be set... Don’t be scared feel confident buying these bad boys they won’t disappoint or let you down.                 
I wanted a small compact light weight sub, not to thump bass but to create a 3 way system with 2 way cabs. So these fit the bill. I have actually had good results with Behringer in the past. New units were on back order so when this one used one came available I bought it right away. Unit did not work, however ZZounds sent me a return shipping label and made an immediate refund. Great for ZZounds, not for Behringer. I ended up buying an EV from ZZounds instead.                
I just bought 2 of these and let me tell you. The sound is incredible and the best part is I've only tested and used one. It has me second guessing if I even need 2. So much power it's unbelievable. And the sound quality is amazing with so much definition. This puppy can hit across all the bass spectrum and can get very low. Plenty of head room, adjustments and features.Cons: Well built and solid, but quite heavy. Also would have loved if Behringer wouldn't have provided optional caster wheels. I want to add them, but scared it may void my warranty.Overall: For the mobile DJs I highly recommend these, just keep in mind they are solid and heavy. Considering the quality of sound, and the amount of power you are getting. These are a dream for small budget studios. So the bottom line here is, don't hesitate. Just get them, YOU WILL "NOT" REGRET IT!                
I bought just one of these as part of my new smaller & lighter mobile DJ set-up along with a pair of Behringer B615D's and a Behringer 1204USB mixer. This speaker is so strong that even at a lower level with only one of these you'll be impressed by the way that it sounds & how it compliments the B615D's and fill a large venue with ease. I'm really impressed by this speaker's tremendous sound & power and I'm glad that I purchased this Behringer B1500XP sub                
A great sounding speaker. Great lows, crisp highs. Well built, and good features.                
Recess handles for easy carrying of speaker. Stand mounts in bottom of speaker. The only downfall would be speakon connecters, The best way to connect, but not everyone is set up for them.                
I use two Behringer EP 2500 amps. One amp for my two Behringer mains and one for my (2) 18" Subwoofers {Not Behringer} Due to this match system It was easy to achieve great sound from the start. I found the manual to be very user friendly and informative.                 
Found the speakers package from the factory in top notch condition. After carfull inspection of the speakers, I found them to be of great workmanship. In my opinon, These speakers were built for on the road abuse. These speakers are built to be used.                  
These speakers are worth every penny and more. Don't know how they do it.                
No Problems with any Behringer products. I have used their EP 2500 amps for 2 years just about every weekend for gigs, and they just keep pounding. The Behringer mains only 2 months, but going strong.                
Behringer made these speakers easy on the eye. Have had positive comments on the design and sound.                 
I feel that I can expect years of service due to past performance from behringer. I feel I could buy a higher price speaker, But not a better built and sounding speaker. I have check several different brands, same size and type of speakers. And found Behringer to be the all out winner.                   
I run 2 each B1520's and 2 each B1220's no subwoofers and powered by the 1200 watt PMP5000 mixer which I bought as a package deal. Awesome sound and power not only for the price. My last PA had 2 jbl 115's and 2 each EV force i 115's. The Behringer speakers sound as good for WAY LESS MONEY. I will never waste money buying other brands just buy top of the line Behringer and you can't go wrong.                
People that complain about having speakon inputs have never pulled out a 1/4 jack by stepping on it!                 
Excellent light weight and multi position design allows them to be stacked or laid on their sides in 2 positions for use as monitors.                
Even thoght the box caught hell from OOOPS [UPS] the speakers were flawless and the same with their design and construction. I ONLY WANT MORE OF THEM!                
Only the Peavey 2 15's can compete                
Don't know!                
Only the Peavey 2 15's are Sexier!                
I believe these will be the last speakers I will ever need but even if I do blow them up I will buy more of the same! I plan on buying 4 more plus a Behringer 2500 amp!                
The highs and mids are crisp. But don't expect a lot of bass. But most people use a good subwoofer for that anyway so no huge suprise. So for highs and mids they're good. I used to be a 'Peavey only' person and picked up these for my own budget system for live sound at convention centers, churches etc. They sound every bit as good as the Peaveys that we have at church.                
Handles are good. Weight is no worse than any 15" 2 way speakers I've handled. These were my first to use Speakon connectors. I like them so far and think the speakon connections probably give a better high power connection. I like the way they can be used as stage monitors as well.                
Plug and play. Learn your eq like any other sound product. The instructions tell easily how to turn the horn for use as a floor monitor.                
Quality seems good. I've not over-driven the speakers but they seem to handle the power good. I use a QSC amp and have cranked them high with no big distortion problems. They survived UPS with no problems or blemishes. Connectors seem mounted very well. I don't have any quality concerns.                
I think they're worth the price and would serve good for most applications. I doubt you'll see Behringer on any big name band's stage anytime soon, but in sound, I found that many are snobbish about 'brands'. Compared to Peavey (I've used Peavey most), I think they're a good buy.                
I called the company prior to purchasing the speakers and they were helpful enough. I was put in contact with a tech, not just a warm body looking at a computer for pre-fabbed answers and I appreciated that.                
The main draw to this product is it looks good and the price is good. For what I use them for, I'll probably get a couple more and a more powerful amp.                
These don't have quite the SPL rating as say the Yamaha S115V, but still have a good rating.                
At first when I took them out the box I figured they would be difficult but they were easy for what its worth if you get the subwoofer to go along with the speakers you have one of the best sounds out right now.                
sounds great. a little e.q. but not bad                
has only neutrik connectors. better current carrier than other connectors. make sure you prepare for this.                
stamped 15. sounds great though. awesome low end for the $                
better than some higher priced speakers                
look great                
I've been biukding my own or buying my own pa speakers for 30 plus years and I have to say this is Behringer best PA speaker design yet.  For a 15 inch PA speaker, it is compact, light making it easy to maneuver. With the mixer set at 0 decibel and connected to  a Xenyx 2204USB mixer, the signal quality is audibly smooth and articulate. For small to medium venues,  you don't need a separate sub. The bass this beast puts out is very punchy and exceptionally musical. The mid/hi frequency output is crisp, clear and loud. When I pay these off, I will purchase the B1500X 3,000 watt powered subsubwoofer counterpart to these PA speakers For bigger gigs. I am extremely impressed at their affordability and second to none quality build. Behringer is a big enough name for me when it comes to PA/dj equipment.                
Ordered this sub completely out of curiosity. 3,000 Watts for $700 seemed to good to be true. I know Behringer gets bashed but they have come along way with there products and the way they re built. Long story short, this sub hits and hits hard! Its tight and punchy and when the bass boost is put on it really drops it to a lower sounding thump. If not using a cross over it will clip fairly easy with the bass boost on but can be easily dialed in. Cabinet is built solid and very well. I have 2 EV ETX 18’s as well and this Behringer can hold its own. It’s doenst have the deep low rumble that the EV’s have but it will not disappoint. If you are looking to spend less then a $1,000 on a powered sub then these sound just as good if not better then the other brands at a higher price. Do yourself a favor and give them a try!!                
Using the cheap gemini xover and the behringer 2500 amp. Just bought this item and I will absolutely recommend it. I upgraded to two of these subs and for the money I paid, myself and the croud was amazed.                 
No complaints here                
Very well built and very sturdy.                
compared to the higher priced subs, these are the bomb.                
Never had to call.                
I expect to keep these for a while. When it is time to buy new ones, I will buy them again.                
This Sub does hit really hard. It absolutely gets the job done with providing those Deeeep low's, hard hitting bass (rap, reggae, techno, dance, etc.), and does an excellent job of handling those 1600watts of power. The only thing about this sub that i don't like is: when used outdoors it tends to seem a little on the rough....kind of mushy sound side. But hardly enough to notice unless you are the kind of person who know's PA equipment and are someone who knows what to "listen" for.                 
Simple Features, Bi-Amp, or Passive. Haha, doesn't get any easier than that.                 
Need i say anything? Piece of cake.                 
I give quality a 9. Behringer is not in the business to have the BEST sounding equipment. They provide people like you and I with the opportunity to have a large scale sound PA system without causing finincial strain and frustration. Their equipment sounds great for the money you get and this sub is an absolute perfect example of that. Keep it up Behringer!!                
For the money, this product perfectly does the work for what you pay. I would suggest this Sub to anyone!                 
I have not needed any kind of support yet for any of thier products. So give an 8 just to be curtious :)                
Uhh......don't really see the need for this question. I wanted it, so i bought it right? haha                
Overall, i think that Behringer is doing a great job and hopefully will keep coming out with better products in the future. I know that i am completely satisfied with all the their products that i own, and i really don't have anything negative to say about them. HUGE bang for the buck. Tell your friends!                 
Huge BASS and punchy! This Sub is perfect for my rock band.                
Doesn't need accessories.                 
Super easy to use. It has internal crossover. I went from my board into the sub then into my mains. That's it.                
Made very well. Extremely durable and it looks beautiful.                
The price is great. I paid $340 for it.                 
Hopefully won't have to.                
It is very sexy. Black and sleek.                
I will keep it forever.                
For a 'value-branded' product, these subs do a very good job!  Let's face it, if you're looking into Behringer it's likely because you may not have money for, say, EVs or JBLs.  To a large extent you tend to get what you pay for with sound equipment.  That said, these subs are very, very good for their price range.  They can handle a lot of power and certainly fill out our sund quite nicely.  I did compare these to some higher end gear, and they do a really good job of holding their own!                
Any passive sub with a built-in crossover is a good thing!  Being able to run from your subs directly to your mains without additional amps is nice.                
For the mosty part plug n play!  If you opt to ust the crossover, though, you must be sure to have the biamp/passive switch in the right position.                
Solidly built overall.  I have pushed these with no distortion, and the speakers don't overextend themselves when you crank it up.  Crazy heavy, but again it's nice to feel like you have a solid piece of gear so it's par for the course.  Overall, anyone with a clue knows that Behringer is not in the "top of the line" equipment tier.  Their products exist to provide the average Joe with a way to assemble a quality large scale system with a smaller investment, and they do that quite well.                
For what you pay, you clearly get more than your money's worth with these.  Also, you can't beat the fact that ZZounds not only matched but BEAT a competitor's procing on a pair of these!                
Gave a 5 simply because I have had no need to deal with Behringer for any suport.  I have these subs, a powered mixer, a bass amp, and other Behringer speakers as well, and over the years have had no need for support.  That's probably the best thing you can say.                
What?!?!?!  It's a sub...you want bottom end you buy one (or 2!).  They do look nice, but they're speakers.                
These subs work very well.  They do what you need them to do, and the added crossover feature is a nice touch.  I will keep these until they die, and based on the obvious quality I would think that will be a long time from now.                
Good overall sound for a value line subwoofer. I have no room in my rack for a crossover, but when used with either the QSC or Behringer knockoff amps, you can use the switch on the back of the amp. This sub has a passive input which helps just a little more too. Still some sound coming through I wouldn't want in a subwoofer, but for saying this system doesn't have an active crossover AT ALL...it's great!                
I don't use it, but it does have a biamping feature that provides you with the passive crossover. If you only have one amp this is a cool feature. You can patch directly out of the back of the cabinet to your full range satellite speakers. Not many cabinets have this feature.                
Really simple, plug your cable from the amp to the "IN" port. If you have satellites, plug them into the "OUT" port. And don't forget to set the switch on the back to "PASSIVE" or "ACTIVE". (I think those are the options for the switch)                
A really good piece. If you didn't know what the quality of Behringer was, your first thought would be more along the lines of JBL or Yamaha. But the price will tell you otherwise. I have some of their electronics too, and I have NO complaints. Great gear especially for someone wanting good entry level stuff that doesn't break the bank that you can definitely depend on!                
Definitely worth a look!                
Have had no need to call.                
This isn't a flashy to the eye cabinet. Looks really similar to all the others. But price, specs and the features drew me to this unit. And it serves it's purpose very well.                
The only beef I have, is the rubber feet. My trailer has a non skid style carpet and the feet got stuck many times loading the first few shows. I eventually tore them off and went to my local music store and bought a set Peavey replacement feet which did the trick. Not a major deal but worth mentioning. Have had this for over a year, and the carpet has held up fine. But beware as with all carpeted gear that sits on the floor, don't get it wet with soda, beer or rain. Smelly carpet usually gets a thumbs down at ANY event!                
Great piece. it sounds better if not on mono. maybe cause I am pushing this with a behringer PA 1500 amp. I may have to buy a stronger amp to put it to the test, but other than that, great for the price                
no complaint so far, is as easy as 123 to set up, Idiot proof!                
If you have a good crossover(3 way stereo or better) it do you justice.                
Solid as a Rock!. Build to last a lifetime, no doudbt!                
for the price, there is no doubt, you wont find a better product of this quality and brand at this low price, Do It, regrett it.                
have not have any problem so far with this two units I bought in 2004. that's why I rated a 7.                
great looks. it gives that pro-look and great presentation of you and your equipment, it look slike you pay lots of money for it,"that's what I say"                
Like I said be4, I had it for 4 yrs, still no complaints.                
The sound from these things is awesome!  They deliver all of the lows you need for just about any gig.  Be it dj,or band.

Its punchy and loud and also sensitive for a sub this size.                
In order to use this as passive, I had to purchase a seprate speakon connector and solder it to a 14 gauge speaker wire for my amp.make my own

connection.

I now have different speakon cables I use, one when I use the internal crossover, and one when I use the crossover in my Behringer fbq1502.

It may be work to some, but I consider it part of the hobby and educational.                
plug and play.                
built solid, the grill could have been a hair thicker, but otherwise A+                
Cant be beat                
Very atractive                
Behringer has come a long way, I believe its because they make there own stuff now and don't need to give their blueprints to some sub contractor in China. (although they are still in China.  Behringer City to be exact)                
It sure does what i expected it to do and so far it has passed all my tests.                
The crossover feature is really helpful and really came in handy when i only had one amp for 4 speakers, also the feature to only have to use one 4 wire cable from the amp to the sub and then a 2 wire cable from the sub to the top is a great feature, if you don't know how to do it, learn it before you buy if you're buying 2 tops and 2 subs.
                
you plug it in and that's it                
the quality is good for the money but still could be better                
The value is huge, you're getting so much for your money, if you don't have a big budget, look no further. It's as simple as that.                
there is a terrible support for Behringer products just to make that clear, these are low end products assembled in china and so when it comes to a hardware problem it's easier and cheaper to buy a new product                
the speaker is made out of a plastic wood and looks pretty similar to all other speakers so it's the spec and price that turns me on, if that's what you're looking for.                
The product has a really great value and both looks and sounds great and if you ask me, I'm buying at least 2 more subs and 2 more tops.                
Love the Eurolive series of speakers. Have (2) subs and (4) 15" Eurolive speakers.

The sound is unbelievable and the price is great. Have DJ'd parties from small to large, I haven't had any issues yet                
These subs are all around great speakers, the only thing I would ask Behringer to improve is the crossover. Awesome speakers, I won't get rid of them til I get out the business.                
Simple, just plug & play..                 
Have no complaints. Sturdy design, stackable, strong handles for ease of transport. Easy to clean material for those party goers that have a habit of putting drinks on speakers.                 
Can't go wrong for these prices. Lots of bag for the buck.                
Haven't needed to use them, which says a lot about the product.                
I plan on keeping these, now looking to add the powered versions.                
For what it is this sub kicks!  Great for dj work or bands.                 
The best feature is the built in cross-over.  We daisy chain these with our mains and it works perfectly. No crossover needed!                
Plug and play!                
Ive played over 150 shows with them and have had no issues.                 
Great                
Havent needed it                
"Truth" is a good name for them. Each speaker comes with its own response curve. Mine shows fall off at 40 hz, they only claim 50, and good up to 15khz. .I use them for mixing, so everything I hear on my computer is clean, flat, and clear. I hear things most other people do not hear. If you care, they are what you should have.                
amazing sound sound unbelievable great.......small monitors but hit hard like the big ones....sound is unbeatable at this price...would recommend to anyone looking for a space saving monitors that sound great/..............                   
adjustable controls to compensate for your acoustic environment.. making just perfect for your studio................                
plug and you ready to go................                
product is great made....heavy duty and weight like a real big monitor..........                
its worth every penny...............................                
GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!                
not planning anytime to upgrade my monitors...they sound great..space saving and sound REALLY LOUD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1                
Having used a variety of monitors, I was surprised how well these stack up. They sound far more expensive than they are. The build quality is solid and they have an unobtrusive appearance (I prefer monitors that blend in).  I use them for daily listening and comparisons with my main monitors. They have a nice low end (especially for the size) and detail is on par with more expensive monitors. They aren't fatiguing at all and sound quite neutral. I would easily recommend them to anyone on a budget.
The only issue I take with them is they make a decent pop when I turn them on. I've wired them every which way I can and it made no difference. I've never had a set of monitors (I've owned a dozen) that made a similar pop. They operate flawlessly otherwise.                
Very solid sound, Balance of sounds were similar on speakers I played the final mix on subsiquently. The Bass was still right where it was, as were high parts. No surprises on any type of speaker set, even cheap laptop speakers reflected the mix done on the truth monitors pretty well.                 
very solidly built, and in this price range they are outstanding.                
Speakers in this price range usually come with 4" or smaller speakers and don't have seperate amps for each speaker. The value is incredible.                 
no issues so far                
It looks great, like a speaker should.                
I searched for at least 3 months. I don't see a reason to search for another monitor set.It meets all my goals. If it were stolen. I'd buy the same thing as a replacement.                
If you couldn't figure out how to connect these with ease then Lego toys are more up your alley                
Never needed                 
I can truly say that I'm blessed with this product. I'm new to producing and I brought these monitors 08/2014 with no issues with set up or product period. I'm still learning the effects to put on my sounds but I can say that with the little I know that I get dead on mixes with out going back and forth to monitors and car speakers. Never used other monitors but very satisfied with this product                
If you couldn't figure out how to connect these with ease then Lego toys are more up your alley                
Never needed                 
I can truly say that I'm blessed with this product. I'm new to producing and I brought these monitors 08/2014 with no issues with set up or product period. I'm still learning the effects to put on my sounds but I can say that with the little I know that I get dead on mixes with out going back and forth to monitors and car speakers. Never used other monitors but very satisfied with this product                
If you couldn't figure out how to connect these with ease then Lego toys are more up your alley                
Never needed                 
I can truly say that I'm blessed with this product. I'm new to producing and I brought these monitors 08/2014 with no issues with set up or product period. I'm still learning the effects to put on my sounds but I can say that with the little I know that I get dead on mixes with out going back and forth to monitors and car speakers. Never used other monitors but very satisfied with this product                
Sound is so clear and detailed that I'm shocked at times of its clarity and precission                
Crossover design is very well made and matched to its drivers                
So easy to adjust and connect                
Again, I use these units 10 hours a day in my recording studio and they are fatigue free                 
It's price is ridiculously low for the quality you get out of these monitors                
I haven't had any problems so never dealed with the factory                
Looks OK...it shows the quality of materialship                
I've owned them for over a year now and they will be with me for a long time                
I don't know what that first guy's issues and malfunctions were (his, not  the monitors).  I auditioned these in an A-B comparison with Mackie's.  The Behringers were over 90% as good as the Mackie monitors... for 2/3 less of the price.  At $600 a pair these would be a great deal.  At $300, they're a steal!  The imaging is so precise it's beyond stereo and clean on into 3-D.  The bass is also precise, punchy, and there's more headroom that you can stand being in the same room with.                
I'm giving it a 9 in the features department.  I can't think of anything else I might need or want, but I'm sure there's SOMEthing.. maybe a remote control so you can set levels and such without touching the sound board?

One of the big things to remember is that these are sold as matched pairs, and that, as an Active/amplified speaker pair, the amps are designed specifically for these speakers, to match them.  That's a whole lot better than finding out your speakers are flat but the amp is coloring the sound.                
Out of the box, plug 'em in, they sound awesome.  You CAN tweak 'em, but ya don't need to.                
Again, a 9.  They could have been made of solid hardwood or titanium or something, so they don't get a perfect 10.:)  These are studio monitors, and I don't know of ANY such monitor that can go on the road straight out of the box, but they're certainly well built and attractive.  The covers come off easily, but are not flimsy.  I've had no issue with any of the pairs I've bought so far.  (I set up project studios for other people as well.)                
I'm still not even sure how they manage to make this without going broke.   Others sell far lesser monitors for more money.                
I'm sure there's room for improvement somewhere. Maybe the rep could carry them into my studio and build the custom stands for them, hook up the wires for me?

I've never had a problem, so I can't say how their customer service department is.  That said, since the very best customer service is to not need them at all, in my experience, they deserve a 10.                
When you hear these things, feel the punch of the kick drums through them, SEE the 3-D imaging in your mind's eye, they become more than just black and sexy.  These things are awesome!                
If I had $10,000 to spend on monitors, I might find some audiophile speakers to listen to a final mix with, but chances are that I'd have mixed it with these anyway.  

Fact is, we listen to our music at much higher quality and through better equipment than most of our audience ever will.  If they got any more accurate, I'd wonder how they cloned me. Live or Memorex?  More like Live or Truth?!  You could probably spend more money, but why would you want to spend more and get lesser monitors?                
these monitors are aweful.  Had to send them back once (to germany) for waranty repair.  They are not recomended for stereo mixing.  Spend some money.  don't buy crap.                
I'll start off this review by noting I've been using these monitors now for 7 years, so I'm not some excited newbie I'm actually a guy that's been recording for about 17 years now and have had this product for 7 years. I'll start by noting how flat these are. They are perfect in that whatever I play on them that sounds bad sounds bad on all other systems. Whatever sounds good translates to sounding good on other sources. Being I've had mine so long I have to rate the quality very high as I've had ZERO problems with mine - no joke... not one problem, though I've read some horror stories from some owners. That being said I'd like to note I've read some slight speculation on the net that the older models, such as mine, are far better in quality than the more current models... again though that is purely specualtion from 1-2 people.

I've tried upgrading, cause we all want the supposed "best" no? I've tried Dynaudio BM15A's, Mackie HR824's (MK1 & MK2) and I keep coming back to these and returning the others. I will say, the new Mackies are awesome but the bass is just way too much for a "half-space" setup, meaning a setup where there's a wall right behind your speakers. The room acoustics need serious treating due to the Mackies low end response and that costs thousand in serious bass trap to fix the problem. I don't have this problem with the Behringers, yet I still have great tight punchy low end, just not as low as other brands go. In all honesty though most consumer listening sources don't have a good accurate sub 50hz response anyway.

I don't know what else to say about them. I mean, they're flat, they're super accurate, they're super inexpensive, and I've had mine for 7 years and they're still going strong. Your mileage may vary of course so you're on your own. But after all this time I thought, "Why didn't I ever write a review? After all this time I think I have something valuable to contribute".                
These are basically Behringer's knock-off of the Mackie 824 active monitors. The Mackie 824 is an incredible sounding monitor with a true 3D stereo depth that words cannot quite describe. This is why the go for $630.00 each!! When I was looking for monitors I compared the Mackie 824s to the Behringers quite closly, switching back and forth between them for many days, listening to a number of different tracks. I kid you not when I say days. Although the Mackies are marginally better and I emphesize the word "magrinally", I went with the Behringers. These monitors are basically the exact same sound you will get from the Mackie 824. Only on a select number of tracks did the Mackies outshine the Behringers and only for a few seconds. The price difference is not justified considering that you can get a pair of Behringers for half the price of 1 of the Mackies. I have owned them for 5 years with no problems what-so-ever. Behringer is an amazing company that churns out amazing products at amazing prices.                 
Same as the Mackie 824                
I have owned them for 5 years with no problems what-so-ever. Behringer is an amazing company that churns out amazing products at amazing prices.                
considering that you can get a pair of Behringers for half the price of 1 of the Mackie 824s I would say it's outstanding.                 
They are still kickin ass after 5 years. Even if they were to blow out today I consider it a good use of my money                
Great sound! Really clear, phat basses, nice hi range. very dynamic. Sometimes more bass than what you figure....Low EQ graciously!                
VERY customizable. The switches on back let you tweak it to your studio environment.                
Plug-and-play...what more can you ask for?                
At 33lbs each...these things are BEASTS! They feel pretty solid, just like their sound.                
At $339 you can't beat them! Excellent for the small studio. If you are doing electronica...these will deliever!                
Never had to use their customer support...shouldn't have to if they are good :)                
These things scream "I'M GONNA RIP OUT YOUR EARS" sitting on my desk. Obey and love the Truths!                
I am very pleased with these monitors. Rich, clean sound, very accurate. Sexy looks. Great!                
They work amazingly for my setup.  If I were going to upgrade my speakers, I'd have to upgrade my room first!  I've had them for about 4 years now and have used them heavily.  They've been solid.                
Unbeatable for the price.  Power-save feature's threshold is a little too high for casual listening sometimes, but for studio work it's never a problem.                
If you can't get these working, you probably have no chance with music.  Plug, and play.                
They've survived a move from my parents house into my own house without any problems, and have endured a lot of careless power surges during power-up and power-down.  The one was attacked by my cat, and the foam around the woofer got slightly sliced, but after I carefully repositioned the tiny V-shaped slices, it hasn't effected the sound at all.                
Yeah, you can't beat the price.  If they were twice as much, I'd consider other brands.  I've been unimpressed by some of Behringers' other products, but these speakers can't be beat for the price.  Most people won't be able to notice much difference when comparing to much more expensive speakers.                
The design is beautiful.  They mean business.  My friends are lined up to buy them when/if I eventually move on.                
I just bought the matching subwoofer unit for these.  If something were to happen to them, I would replace them with the same item.                
I would imagine there are more accurate monitors available at many times the price but accuracy can really only be measured using rather elaborate equipment to compare a sample input vs. output.  I am not going to buy such equipment to tell mean what the variance from accuracy is detectable.  However, I can tell how good a monitor

produces sound that is satisfactory to my human ears and I must say these monotors sound very good to me.  They sound as good to me as many of the very expensive monitors.                   
The monitors have some adjustments for room acoustics in the back which is fine with me.  I don't think automatic room acoustic adjustments are really necessary.                
A breeze, plug them in and turn them on.                
I have used these monitors for over two years with no trouble or detectable degradation of sound.                
From my experience, there is no other monitor available which is such a great value.  I believe it is worth significantly more when compared to the competition.                
I have never needed any support so I can not rate it.                
I own a pair of these and have no thought about buying another brand.  Since they have been in regular use for two years, if one of them fails, I would by another of the same if available.                
I can safely say these are great monitors at a great price.  I suspect there are others available at a much greater price, but why spend more money if you are satisfied the what you have.                
 I own two pair, so I have the same ears at both studios I play in. You can get great mixes that sound good everywhere                
you listen, how hard can that be. It takes a little time to get your ears used to them, but just listen to your favorite cd's for a little while.                
they are built like tanks, just recently survived a fire, covered in black soot and a 1000% humidity, cleaned them up and they work perfectly                
for the dollar you just cant get a better monitor, you have to spend more than twice the price, just to get a LITTLE better sound                
never needed them                
they look great                
like I said before, I own 2 pair. with the money I got from insurance, I could have bought almost any monitors, but I still chose to get another pair, and donated my old ones to a friends studio                
I couldn't be happier with the sound. Everyone here seems to notice that these puppies stand out in the crowd of studio monitors. As with all monitors the secret to getting good mixes is getting used to the monitors, the way they sound. These monitors are very easy to get used to. The first thing I had to learn was leave the bass alone. If it punches through on these monitors it will sound fine on anything. They might even be a little bass rich... but there is an adjustment switch to control that on the back panel. I just left it in the normal spot... because like I said, it is very easy to get used to.                
Features??? C'mon... it's a powered monitor. It has balanced inputs, 1/4" and XLR, which makes them versitile. Our drummer uses them to power his sound onstage when he uses his electronic kit in a small room gig. Makes his V-Drum kit sound great.                
Plug 'em in and go.                
Built like a tank. I still handle them with care though... no rough housing here. The only stress test I give them is sometimes we rehearse in my studio and we all plug into the board and the Truths are the only sound re-inforcement we use. We do a rough mix and play through them. A cool way to practice. These babies will certainly fill up a small room. Loud enough to get the wife complaining about the volume.                
Best deal on the market... you have to dump $800 to get anything comparable. Although Alesis has come out with a powered monitor in this price range, I'm curious to how it stands up against the Truths.                
Don't need any.                
They are the heart and soul of my studio... BACK OFF!!! You can't have 'em.                
I can't imagine looking for a replacement for these. I love the sound, I'm used to how they sound. I'm getting great mixes the first time now, instead of going back to the mixing board over, and over, and so on. What I love about them, is I can turn the volume very low to hear how everything is sitting in the mix and then I crank them up to check the bass and the mix is perfect, everything balanced and being heard when the bass starts saturating the room. That's how you know you have good monitors. If you can't get the mix right with the volume real low... chuck 'em out the window. If you are losing too much mid's with the volume down or highs or whatever then you can't get a good mix. The Truths don't lie to you. Excellent pair of speakers.                
The B2031A monitors come as a matched pair. Left and right placement doesn't matter as they were manufactured symmetrically to each other. The sound is clear, transparent, very flat and translatates to the outside world perfectly if mixed correctly. They sound like studio headphones but not on your head if that makes sense. Great imaging...good bottom end...crisp and smooth highs...large "sweet spot". I use them to mix/master all genre of music. 90% of the music I track and mix is R&B...hip hop/rap. But I also sample metal...rock...country....blues....electric...classic...oldies..etc. These monitors deliver on what ever you can throw at them and reproduce it flawlessly.                
The most useful features I would have to say are the room compensation switches on the back of the monitors. Monitors twice this much didn't consider these features. So even if you were to find a better monitor (at 3 times the cost), if it didn't feature adjustment settings for you to taylor the sound...guess what? Yep, you've wasted your check (for some) on a monitoring system that want translate well for you. The only exception to this is if you have a PROFESSIONALLY sound treated room for monitoring. I don't mean a few bass traps or foam pads on the wall..I mean the works down to insulation behind the walls!! These B2031A monitors let you adjust the settings based on your surroundings and that's woth their price alone....very thoughtful Behringer. These monitors are heavy if you've read that in other posts...that's true. But I like that about them...the won't get knocked over easily and their build quality is awesome. They look nice and very intimidating for those times you want to show off for the artists you're working with. I've not a single problem with them and most importantly they get the jobb done.                
Pretty simple to set the TRUTHS up. Be sure you use BALANCED cables with the TRUTHS to avoid any possible noise. They accept XLR or TRS inputs both of which are balanced by the way. I'm running a Mackie 402-VLZ mixer which utilizes the 1/4 TRS inputs.....no noise at all. Very clean and tons of gain available. Just plug into you mixer or audio interface and you're mixing/mastering in no time. Can't get much easier.                
QC from the manufacture is a job well done. No flaws have bee found...they work as stated and they sound great! They feel very sturdy and well built....I'm sure these will be in my studio for years to come. I use them weekly for hours on end and they keep screaming like champs! Once you register them you get a 3yr warrenty so its a win win for you!!                
This product I can honestly say is worth its value plus some. You get great features and value you'd have to pay 3x as much with other brands.                
Haven't had to contact the manufacture and don't think ill need to any time soon...BUT if I do ill be sure to post the experience and details for you.                
This product will appeal to producers, musicians, artists, and engineers all the same. The value is what catches your eye but the performance will blow you away!!                
If you are reading this review I'm sure you've read a ton of others trying to select the best reference monitor for the money. We've all heard and read the horror stories about Behringer products...yes I was thinking just like many of you and almost made a bad mistake. Zzounds does their research too and these B2031A monitors are built at specs 3 to 4 times there value!! I took the leap of faith, purchased these monitors and All I can say is-look out competition! I'm just like most musicians and we all know that money is very scarce, so making wise purchase choices is vital. I've looked at, researched, listened to and compared several of the other competitors: KRK...Mackie...Alesis...Adams...Yamaha...even the super expensive "Gens". Save your Money and let the "TRUTH" set you free from all the headaches I had doing all this research. I work closely with a local producer that was sponsored "$$$" with nearly all of his equipment. He's had the KRK rokit 8 and the Yamaha NS 10 monitors for over 5yrs now. He knows those monitors very well after that long of experience with them...my TRUTHS came in about a month ago and I called my producer friend over to help me remix some songs I'd previously done on head phones (I know....never mix on headphones right!?!? Google me at: SOLO Production Squad for more reading). Once we cranked up the TRUTHS they blew us away...literally!! These beast move some air and get crazy loud! The bottom end is definitely there and not exaggerated like I read in some reviews, the highs are crisp, transparent and not harsh. The monitors are very "FLAT" and that's what they should be. We mixed two songs while he was over and we could not believe how good these monitors sounded compared to his more expensive setup. We rendered the two songs down to mp3 to see how well the monitors translated to other systems. We played them on the PS3, Xbox, Mac book, DVD player, an old disc man...even in the car while we drove back to his studio. After the 20 minute drive, we get to his studio...pop in the CD...WOW just as we mixed it at my studio!! Perfect TRUTH. He ordered a pair on the spot! Sorry for the long post my friends, but I figured it would be best if you read one long review oppose to thousands of short ones that don't help you. I almost feel into that hype off monitors, but trust another researching addict....don't let the TRUTH miss the space they deserve in your studio setup. We've all heard it growing up and normally its true.."You get what you pay for"....yeah I get that and I understand it, BUT I will say this, when you get more for what you've spent doesn't that change the entire saying?!?! Behringer went over and beyond on this particular product...the compensation switches on the back proves they took time to get this one right. Plus giving a fair fight out among the competition is where it made the difference for me. Sometimes when you spend more you really aren't getting better...you're paying for the name plate on the product...its a smart approach called marketing. Can't knock the business aspect, we all have to profit to survive, but the TRUTHS stayed true to the actual value to product ratio and delivered the world a wonderful monitor system for real worl musicians....Thank you Behringer and zzounds for making my dream a reality I could afford and for others like myself that don't have sponsors "$$$".                
I bought a pair of Roland DS-90's about four years ago and have been using them up until recently.  They were medium priced at the time (about $800 a pair).  I always had a difficult time getting the bass mixed right with those monitors.  Strange, but true, I'd have to go listen in my car on my stock, cheap stereo to assert the mix.  On a whim I decided to try these monitors.  ...I'm very impressed.  What took me 20-something mixes in the past is taking 3 or 4 now.  These are very accurate studio monitors.  All you need to do is listen to a reference track and then mix!  DONT let the price fool you.  I know there are more "accurate" monitors out there.  However, for the price, it's impossible to go wrong buying these things.  What can I say... I always said I'd never go 'on the cheap' but these things are such a pleasant surprise to me I have to say who cares!!                
The back of the monitors have switches to adjust to the room.  I've left them to the default setting (flat).  So not a lot of bells and whistles but one should look for accuracy in a studio monitor- not features.                
Very impressive...  These are accurate speakers.  Yeah, I'm certain if one spends a lot more you'll get good stuff.  But man... for the price it's not possible to beat these things.                
I haven't tried everything but I have compared these to a pair of monitors that cost over twice as much (monitors I own).  These monitors have saved me an extensive amount of time- and that equals money.                
No idea.                  
I'll use the word "impressive" again.  I can't give them a 10 because I know there are better studio monitors out there.  However, if I rated these on a price/performance ratio they would be a "10"                
From about 500hz and up it sounds great. Very flat, very balanced, fine detail, in other words high quality that you would expect from speakers much more expensive.

At about 150hz it has quite a peak (system resonance) which makes the sound a bit boxy. From about 150hz it goes downhill. At about 100hz the output is very weak. Below 90hz the reflex port resonance becomes active and makes sure you have a decent basskick sound.

The problem in lack of the higher bass is typical for this kind of small monitors with high pretentions. Reflex port is tuned too low which results in a dip in output between the speaker and the port. You cannot have it all. If you tune the port higher you won't hear a lot under about 60-70hz. The size of the monitors is simply too small for flat big sound.

I tweaked mines with a parametric equalizer. Now the sound is quite flat till 40-50hz. The sound is absolutely great.

Compared with a Alesis Mk2 passive the truth comes out a lot better. Where the Alesis sound agressive (the have quite a peak at around 5.000Hz and below 400hz they fall) the truth sounds very balanced. 
                
Go and buy it. For this kind of money it is probably the best.                
I only miss real balanced bass. For this we need something a lot bigger and a lot more expensive.                
after only 30 minutes of shopping around online, I found zzounds! they were very helpful in completing my order, and the pay as you play option is a big deal breaker for me! needless to say. zzounds will be my only supplier in music gear.. I have bought the NI maschine- Behringer studio monitor speakers and the Komplete audio 6 usb interface! and I haven't been disappointed yet!  keep up the good work guys! and I cant wait to continue doing business with you for years to come! I accidentely gave the overall 4.5 stars but couldn't change it.. it should read 5 stars.                
The mids the highs sound great, maybe there is to much bass, but you can ajust that on the Monitors themselves.  The stereo image on these beasts is kick ass!  I would say these sound as good as 1000 dollar Monitors!                
being able to adjust for room accoustics is a big plus.                
very durable! I have them on seaker stands so there is no problem with the monitors being wobbled or moved or something.                
for the price I paid these are more then worth it!  the SOund sounds lush and full great mids and highs, maybe have to adjust the base but hey it's there if you have to.  They have a great wide stereo image.                
I like Behringer's products and I have delt with there support once they were great!                
they look very sexy tilted towards me and in back of my desk here...yes very sexy monitors!                
I really think that I will be using these Monitors for a long time.

there durable, sexy, and sound great with a wide and full stereo image.  They look great on my set up.                
Care is needed to faithfully follow the setup instructions in the manual.  Very versatile with many settings to mold the speakers to the room environment.  These will definitely give you the truth if you let them.  I also own the big 15" Tannoy studio monitors (my reference) and 6 other pairs.  For studio work, nearfield, one on one, these are very hard to beat.  Amazing for the price.  Bass begins at 50 hz, but I would avoid a sub as it's not necessary.  Enjoy!                
I have only had these monitors a couple of months, but let me tell you they sound and look great and would be bangin in any studio.I like the fact that you can crank these babies up and trust me theyll take the heat.when you here about monitors that do this and that and dont deliver,theyre not talking about behringer. I am a true fan and owner of these magnificent monitors. thank you behringer and zzounds for making my world a little bit better.............                
Great all round sound, tweakable to suit the room and style of music.                
The various knobs for tweaking are extremely useful.  The LEDS on the front are also a very good feature, especially the clip LED.  The extra hard and heavy casing creates a solid monitor that will last a long time.  Should have blown one of them by switching on a condensor mic on close to full gain.  A terrible thud and all the LEDs went off.  Thought I was done for.  Opened it up, everything was intact, reconnected it and LEDs came back on and sound came through...whew!!!  That means reliable!                
Excellent quality.  My experience with Behringer is that their speakers and power amps are very good and very reliable.  You have to be selective about their processors and mixers.  Touch their digital mixers at your own risk                
The best value for money around.  Price does not mean quality...as they say at Behringer "Just Listen".  I would bet that if Mackie were to house the same Behringer technology in these babies, they would sell for tripple their current price!                
Never had to use them                
Definitely a figure 8 woman!  And she don't need a grill on her to make her look better!                
Very long time.  If something went wrong, I would replace with the same product.  As for the issue of RF interference, guys pay for the right cables and observe the rules of laying out your cables. Don't bring your cell phones into the studio.  It has never been an issue for me                
These monitors were purchased for my wife to listen to music on her iphone. They deliver superb sound with out cloudy tones. Performance gets an A plus do to the no stop abuse at high volume with out missing a note.                 
These sound as good as more expensive monitors I listened to in the store where I bought them.
                
Only downside -- The amplifiers amplify any FM carrier that

may be present on the AC mains. A better EMI/RFI filter on the

AC input would help out. I added one externally, which quieted the

signal, but I'd expect that to be built in.                
Sound as good as monitors twice their price.                 
Haven't had any need for support.                
These just plain work and work well. Who doesn't want that? If I could afford it, 

I'd have a pair in every room.                
I'd buy another pair if I had the money!
                
Very Good,mids and highs were alittle too strong.Easily fixed with adjustments on back.Good bass,no need for subwoofer.Did pick up a hint of radio interference but was able to fix it.                
There are adjustments on back so you can tune them to your room.They worked well.                
Quality looks very good. They are heavy.No grills on front.                
Blown away for this price range,Outstanding!                
Have not needed support.                
Look Great.                
Will fulfill my sound needs fine.Pleasantly Surprised!Brought a tear to my eye!                
I rate it a 10 because the sound I hear and the sound from my headphones are the same.  Very important when mixing down.  My mixes have been "Perfect", this is to say when played through car stereo, boom boxes, radio play, etc. all sound the way I would like to hear.  I've used these monitors for over the last 3 years and absolutely no problems.                
Features are all on the back, room location, volume, enhansement. etc. to customize location.                
For the price, definately the best                
Dollar for dollar, can't beat the value                
All my Behringer products have not had one single problem                
As good as anything out there                
I'm actually so satisfied with this product I don't even consider looking for new.                 
Very quick, sharp, very full. They were right next to my very large main PA speakers and while sound checking my 'booth' speakers someone commented on the sound quality thinking they were the main PA.                 
N/A, except for good input control on speaker.                
Great, solidly made with no nonsense.  (although no grill). Looks like it should last for ever. Drops a point for on the road use. The casing is wood and will look tired very soon. I will be making some sort of casing for mine for road use.                
seems very well priced. They do not advetise like some other companies I could mention do.                
n/a..not needed so far                
looks the business, and is.....street cred intact.....                
great sound, very big and defined, well made. Only negative is no grill option, and for road use wooden finish                
Sound quality is fairly flat, the upper frequencies are a bit unusual and take some time getting used to.  As far as mid-range and bass is concerned, pretty accurate, and that did surprise me.  These things are LOUD even at it's lowest setting.                
You basically can adjust the frequencies to conform to the room.                
Plug and play... I kept everything flat on the back settings.                
I'm giving it a seven at the moment..  I just got these and they feel sturdy, look sturdy and even sound good.  But it's behringer.                
Undoubtably the best value out there.                
n/a but behringer is good about warranties..                
yeah, these speakers are staying put I like them.                
I have a pair of Yamaha HS80M's and although they are more accurate they are about $300 more.  Behringer came through for my A/B referencing against them for a fraction of the cost.                
The sound is actually very, very good.  I gave it an 8 because I haven't heard all of the monitors in this price range, and there are only a few with similar specs and price, I mean like two or three.  The highs are crisp and airy, but not hollow while the 8.75 inch woofer pounds out the lows if they are called to do so.  High quality flat, flat sound, I mean it sounds good w/o an eq. I heard everything like I should.  Iv'e made a 3 track (rythem acoustic guitar, bass guitar, and synth drum) medley to test the waters, I was very accurate from my car stereo to my living room stereo.  If you have a studio, and are not trying to keep up with they Jonses, these are the ones to get.                
All of the features that all the other monitors costing 4 times more have.  And they actually make a difference when I switch them.  I listen to Donald Fagen (originally from Stealy Dan)_ His music is good, but I mainly listen to his recorded sound as a reference for me.  He does his own stuff.  ANYWAY, the features leave nothing to desire on these monitors.
Keep your high end, price inflated brand names, these will more than get the job done.                 
Plug n play, what can I say?                
Built to last, thick dense fiberboard, and metal amp. cage, big transformer, and  clean soldering work with a minimal vibrating enclosure, just like the ad says.                  
I would have paid 400.00 for these.  Everytime I turn them on, I can't beleive how little I paid for them.                  
Haven't needed it                
Very atractive speaker monitors.  Smooth lines and solid looking                
I plan to have these for a long time, in fact, Im thinking of getting a pair for my theater system, and getting rid of all that 5.1 stuff.                
Great stuff they have Room compensation switches, Input trim power,Low and High frequency adjustable switches- everything to give you the truest possible sound- smashing!                
The Quality is Exellent these things are very well made and are durable taboot! Very good looking in my opinion too. Which is great!                
I paid                 
These monitors simply do not lie.  They are dead flat, and accurate to the point of painful, with a poorly mastered track.  I've toyed with the settings on the rear, and even boosting/cutting sounds, they're still simply dead flat.  They are worth FAR more than what they're listed for.                
Generally speaking, I don't like monitors that have a lot of "toys", but the tools on the back of these are a simple necessity for different studio environments.  I also quite like the auto power off, to save energy.  It's a bit too sensitive for my liking, but I quickly found the sweet spot to keep them on at a lower volume.                
You hook them up, they play.  They play beautifully.  Now, that said, take some time to set them up properly and you'll be positively amazed at the sound quality.  They come with a rather extensive manual.  Take a few minutes to read thru it.  It's worth your time.                
Everything is flush and firm on these.  They are BEASTS, at about 35 lbs each.  There's no rattle from the woofer, the bass ports are properly curved to stop excessive resonance and wind noise.  I'd like an option for grilles, but honestly, I don't need them.  I likely would not use them on the road, but if treated well, I'm sure you probably could.                  
Is there an 11 rating?  If there were, these would earn it.  You'll not find another monitor in this price range that even begins to come close to the quality of these.  

If you want big room, huge bass sound, these are not for you.  These are professional monitors, to be used as TOOLS in a studio environment.  Properly set up and used, you absolutely won't be disappointed.                
I've dealt first hand with Behringer a few times.  I've been constantly impressed by their attentive and fast customer support.  I had a mixer of theirs, long ago, that was out of warranty and I needed parts.  They not only had them in stock, they shipped them Priority Mail for free.                
They're beautiful.  Enough said.                
Honestly, for my use, I can't see buying other monitors unless something unforeseen happens to these.  However, they're built like tanks, so I can't really see that happening.  If I lost these, I'd buy another pair in a heartbeat.                  
This pair is my first active speakers. The bass is punchy. High is very sharp. Overall is outstanding.                
It seems to me features are pretty standard along with other active speakers. The most useful is the auto off feature.                 
Plug it in and play. Very easy to use.                
QC is not good. One speaker is more signal sensitive than the other one. Every time I turn off the power, one speaker has a loud "pop" while the other has only slight "pop". It is the QC problem.                
For the price, the sound is very good.                
Not sure. Did not contact the manufacturer. I did not contact Zzound which is the best in handling the return process.                
The appearance is fine. Not really outstanding.                
Overall is decent. Not a great speaker. You get what you pay for. The major drawback is the QC. You can see the difference between the two speakers.                
Great value for price. I use them with a Behringer sub to compensate for low end. I've been using them for 2 years without any problems. Then I moved to Chicago and they started picking up some hispanic AM radio station. Very disappointing. And yes, I use only balanced connections and PROEL cables.                 
Depending on where you live/work it can work as a great AM radio!                
Looks solid and professional.                
These are basically everything you want in a monitor. The clarity is comparable to a monitor five times the price and 100 times the hassle in setup and tuning time. Although they are similar to the Mackie HR824 in many ways, as cited in another review, I believe they were actually modelled after a much better, much more proven monitor, the Genelec 1032A. This is the monitor of choice in most recording studios with small format rooms. I am a professional engineer and producer for many artists and labels in Canada and I prefer the sound of the TRUTH B2031A to the Genelec or the Mackie any day. The EQ is perfect for heavy rock and electronic, and dirty acoustic tracks shine through wonderfully. I did have a problem with a slight dip in gain around the 150Hz range when working in a smaller 10x12' room, but most of this is due to the more absorbent rear wall of the studio. When working in a well balanced room, vocals especially astound me with information I didn't previously hear on the facet mounted Genelec system.                
XLR, BAL or UNBAL 1/4" inputs, Standard power cord, more features than any other monitor in its class, durable, I took them on the road last month, they accidently spent a few hours in -20'C weather, warmed them up and they were fine in an hour! Huge power reserve, hey... put em in your car and rattle the windows.                
They work great set up vertically and the sweet spot is found easily. I left the notch/shelf/pass filters all in their normal/neutral position and just plugged them in. I ran a few tests comparing them to the farm of monitors available at my studio, including the installed Genelec system, Yamaha, Mackie, Tannoy... and they really blew my mind. You really just plug them in, and have a listen, anything wrong will be appearent, and there is enough control for adjustment to fit your room. Set up on a horizontal axis (just out of curiosity) they were still the best bang for the buck. Mids had to be notched a little, and the sweet spot was much smaller, but they aren't recomended for horizontal use anyway.                
again, very durable. When they say 'matched pairs' they mean it, no difference from left to right at all. The break-in period was about two days of casual use mixing piano, flute, electric guitar, and percussion.                
Its Behringer, you're always getting twice the quality product you paid for.                
I havent had a problem at all with these, but I know Behringer stands behind their products. They've gotten a bad wrap as being cheep quality / lower grade... just because they decide to put their best into their products, but not charge you an arm and a leg for it. I use an MX9000 Mixer on the road exclusivly.                
it looks just like a Genelec 1032A at first glance, but I would say its even better looking. I bought a pair after using them for only two hours in another studio.                
Great monitor, and if you cant afford these, or just have a smaller mixing room and need a smaller monitor, I've heard great things about the smaller TRUTH B2030A. You wont be let down. I expect to use these for many years to come.                
I heard these at my buddy's studio and was very impressed with their sound. When I found out what they cost....I came right here and scooped up a pair of my own. Two days later they were delivered! Stupid fast shipping to upper left coast!!!                 
I havent listened to them yet                
The b2031a are new, it is basically the b2031 with minor improvements, I have contacted Behringer, some improvements include
A)B2031A's have magnetic shielding to protect against interference from computer monitors
B)B2031A's have a more easily accessed power switch (on top, instead of underneath power input connector on originals)
C)B2031A's use polypropylene diaphragm woofer - B2031 use polycarbonate. PP supposed to be more resilient...
No more info is available untill they hit the stores.                
I would wait to get these. If they went through the trouble of upgrading the b2031, then it must be better, they don't upgrade just for fun.                
Sounds really great, just don't play it too loud while mixing "Fatigue". I still haven't put them to extreme use as yet... but I like what I'm hearing now...                
I like the auto-power switch on the back, room compensation beautiful to adjust the speakers to your studio size.                
You just plug 'em into your mixer and you are set to go. No hassles.                
Probably the only short-coming in this department is the fact that the woofer is exposed and as such can easily be damaged.                
This is value for money. I paid N$ 5000 that's about U$ 400.                
These are great for what I know of them and have lots of quality and dimension to them. I can't tell if they grew on to me or I just wore the drivers in enough because I didn't really care for them at first. I've been listening to them all day and they're finally starting to rub off on me. I did have to change the switches the back alot. The best setting I got were as follows: lowfreq=0 roomcomp= - 4 and high=0. I've owned KRKs, genelecs, NS-10s, Mackies, etc and these can compete. IDK how they translate yet, because I've only heard the same mix I did on the 2031a's through the new iphone 5 buds but there not bad just a little muddy in the low end (which can always be fixed with a dip around 40-80hz). And yes some people mix, yes MIX on the iphone buds, IMO they are this generations average bookshelf monitor.  I made my first beat on these and sold it for 200 not knowing how they would translate "0" but the person I sent it to was in Boston, I was in LA, and he said the mix sounded great!! So i guess they did translate well to his system whatever he was using. BUT I was using Waves and McDSP plugins and was referencing the final master of the compilation to 50 Cents Get Rich Or Die Trying album, comparing and tweaking my beat to make it sound closest to the way 50s album did. And it worked, my beat sounds great I can believe it sounds so professional. I keep listening to it over and over! Whoever said it dosent translate good can eat dirt. I'm a pro and I have done 1000s of mixes on 100s of different systems. I have to tell you tho...Ray Charles and The Beatles sound amazing through these after listening to them all day. Remeber I'm going from my TRS interface to the XLR inputs on the Beringers. I bought these $150 pair used. So it was definitely worth it IMO and I made my money back plus 50 bucks for 1 mix. I really really really wanted to get a pair of Focals tho, but these will do for now until I get those. Again I got a steal for 150 used on Craigslist! The signal is coming from my alesis io26 ( which has awesome A/D , D/A converters. Let me say the Alesis IMO is up to quality as my old apogee duet 2 IMO and shimmerzzzz). But back to the B2031a's they sounds pretty good and NO fatigue. I've literally been working with them all day and the more I listen to them the better they sound. IDK how, but its scaring me. I honestly thought they were junk at first. The guy I picked them up from said they were sitting around for a while so at first after hearing how thin they sounded I decided to put a couple towels over each speaker and bumped some 50 cent and Eminem pretty loud, while I went out, so I would wear in the drivers. That seemed to help a bit. What really truly helped was sitting there listening through all types of high quality 320kbps mp3s getting used to and learning the speakers. I just got them yesterday and it took me a the whole day to learn these 2031A's, and thats pretty crazy because I'm a professional engineer and I NEVER have to "learn" monitors. I guess these just have to be taught to you. But I really do kinda love them now and I would buy them again if I could. 
So to sum these up these are great speakers, they sound like garbage when you first get them, but don't throw them away. Listen over and over and learn them. They will bring great results and you'll fall in love. 1 more thing the low end is pretty quite, but it could be my mixing position, but I recommend a sub if you can afford. I dont have one but it still sounds great!                
I can't believe it sound better than headphone alot(pro heahphone). I can head anythings clear.the best studio monitor. I went to many stories to test the sound from many brands but I did not like them all. I read the

review (Behringer TRUTH B2031A Monitor) and falling love with. good sound good price.                
must include pro speaker cable.                
plus and play.                 
look sexy for me                
good deal and good price.                
I hope the service will be good.                
sexy baby to have.                
I'll buy them again if they get old.                
These are great sounding monitors! I checked them with several CD's that I know well and the reproduction and stereo imaging are excellent. You can hear everything very clearly. The amps are really quiet and monitoring at low levels yields great results as well.                
Lots of switches to compensate for room acoustics and monitor placement. Several people have mentioned that they run the 2301's at 
-2db on the treble because they are so bright. I didn't feel this was necessary on the 2301A's.                
Seems to be very well made. They're solid and pretty darn heavy too.                
Excellent "bang for the buck!" Especially for the 8 3/4" woofer and 225 watts of power per speaker.                
The warranty gets sent back to Germany. Got to wonder if it will be a hassle getting in touch. I have had a Behringer mic pre-amp for over a year with no problems so I don't expect I will have to use support.                
The 2301A's are a great addition to my set-up. Good looking, nice materials, and well-made. From the pictures I thought they were dark grey but they are actually black.                
I'll keep these for a while. They are a great value and very accurate/neutral sounding. I'd love to have another passive pair for my stereo. Compared to the other monitors I've been looking at in this price range they are unbeatable!                
These are the best monitors in their price class by far. You have to go above $1k per pair to get any better. The sound is smooth, accurate and detailed, although I did find that slight changes in placement made big differences in the accuracy. You'll have to fool with the positioning a bit but once you get it right you'll be amazed with the sound of these speakers.                 
What accessories do you need with powered monitors? Power cords and signal cables. These come with power cords but not signal cables because obviously one cord won't fit all users' needs.                
Plug 'em in, turn 'em on and go. It doesn't get much easier.                
Incredible for the price is all I can say.                
Value-wise these are actually a 20 but the scale only goes up to 10.                
Don't really know - haven't needed any support yet. I doubt if I will.                
These monitors bear more than a coincidental similarity to Genelec 1031A's and are therefore quite sexy.                
I can only tell you that I bought these monitors before I actually heard them, although I heard just about everything else in the same price range and I was elated when I finally heard them. They blew everything else away.                  
if you never heard really good studio stuff you might think these are studio quality . not for real studio install. these are lack luster monitors
decent features wish  they had auto repair as they blow after 1 year                 
not for mixing not for any thing but duffers                 
blew in a year                 
you get what you pay for                 
did not expect much . just gave them to charity when they blew  as the 1 year just exp.                
they look slick but  need real grills                
wish i would have had more to spend.  these behringers   truly  suck cant believe the reviews , who are these people who like these toys                
Comparing with the price these are great. sweet spot is broad and stereo image is excellent. You can turn up the gain to its highest position with no distortion or coloring. I test these speakers with sine wave with 10HZ intervals and the result was great. these monitors are FLAT. Ofcourse ther was a pick at 120HZ and a dip at 180HZ but these are my room rezonance. never under estimate room acoustics. Those who complains about the radio interference hvae problem with cabling I guess. Always use balanced cables for sound equipments.                
the controls on rear panel are very handy. and the limiter is accurate.                
Just plug and play.                
the cabinet looks cool. it's built like a tank.                
worth every dollar                
Ihaven't had any problem yet                
obviosly there are more accurate and expensive monitors out ther but for mu pocket these are the best.                
buy it and enjoy the quality of a high resolution studio monitors.                
good for price                
lots more than most will ever know what to do with                
plug and play                
this company needs better quality control.  some stuff is just junk, while other stuff you can't break.  my speaks are fine after 3 years even with the "buttons" pushed in by the one year old                
sound better than anything else close to the price.  will get mackies or adams when i can, but for now, it beats the headphones.                
just for price                
the radio/interference problems went away when i lifted the ground.                  
Ok, I'll rate it an 8 to not skew the average -- but before you buy this, please note the fact that they do not include a +/- db range for their claimed frequency response in any of their online documentation.  So, they could easily be basing their claim on a +/- of 5 or 6db, also known as "very colored".

I doubt any company releases a monitor (or any speaker) without having created a few frequency response graphs, so their reluctance to share the information with potential customers is a red flag to me.                
using with mixer with computer...sound great...don't have to match speaker with amp. they already done a great job.                
good power reserve                 
Had them almost 1 year , still pounding.                
just wrote a review after they blew in a year, the weak point is the lousy amps that are under powered and not sheilded, but before giving them  to a local church i turned into passive . wow what a difference when using a real crossover and good amps . even just passive with a 6 mfd cap on the tweeter they sounded great .
ok                  
bottom boomy highs dull . very good mids very neutral over all hard to bring out bass and treble with limted controls                
my exp with these may be isolated but the build seems poor, great am radio receivers, sound great passive                  
yes. but would  highly recomend the passive model                   
 poor cust support compared to other higher price co.s  i expected to just be able to order a new amp it didnt happen that way and they arent really worth fixing when its so hard to get replacement service parts                   
looks nice                 
would be afraid to buy another product from behinger because of they do not seem to hold up . you got to replace it couple years thats not value. would buy the passive model                 
SUPER!!                
MUY BIEN CONSTRUIDAS                
NO HAY NADA QUE POR MENOS DE 1000 $ SUENE ASI DE BIEN                
POSEO   UN PAR , , TENGO 25 A                
FOR THE PRICE...they're cool.  otherwise, any serious bass work and be prepared to experience port chuff.                  
good tweakability for a powered speaker of this price, and you can "dilute" port chuff by properly adjusting the frequency response of the bass on the rear, as well as attenuate the highs.                
BEWARE - CITY DWELLERS :  these monitors pick up radio interference, and they don't even have to be connected to anything...simply "ON".  this is probably a Behringer thing, i presume.   yes, they're heavy, but that doesn't mean they're "quality."  harsh highs is not a myth with these, but can be attenuated nicely with the high frequency response adjuster on the rear, set to -2db.  you're paying 340 for the pair, so what do you 'really' expect?                 
other than serious radio interference and port chuff, they do sound good...for the price.                
n/a                
n/a                
on a serious budget?  as long as you don't have high expectations and/or don't use these for serious engineering/mixing, you will be satisfied.  they definitely get the job done with a nice touch.  this seems to be a good studio monitor for the project studio on a budget looking to upgrade from more "consumer"/"pro-sumer" level speaker products.  i give it an overall 5:  because...if you experience it, the radio interference is a serious, serious let down.  renders them pretty much useless, and you will find yourself quickly utilizing the re-seller's 30-day guarantee.                
SUPER!!                
MUY BIEN CONSTRUIDAS                
NO HAY NADA QUE POR MENOS DE 1000 $ SUENE ASI DE BIEN                
POSEO   UN PAR , , TENGO 25 A                
They are called "Truth" , Well the truth is that they sound bad. The sound of these monitors can be best described as harsh and clinical. If you want to know what your mix will sound like out these in the real world,dont use Behringer monitors                
Features dont matter if the main thing - the sound - is bad                
Easy, plug them in and see for yourself                
Behringer quality, will it still work tomorrow ?                
You usually get what you pay for,but with these, you get less than what you pay for                
Support is as bad as the product.They do not want to hear from you.                
Thanks, but No Thanks                
Spend just a little bit more and get something else                
i don't know how useful this review will be to many who read this, as i don't mix music. i use the Truth's for listening to music i download onto my computer.

these speakers do get loud. the bass is solid if not slightly muddy. i listen to a lot of 70's fusion, and Prog Rock, and the experience is overall very enjoyable. the speakers tend to get a little bright at elevated listening levels, but i am sure that can be adjusted out. not enough of an issue for me to fiddle with right now.

another little niggle is that there is RF noise filtering through. more than likely because i opted for cheap audio chords, and the speakers are on my desk right now very close to my computer monitor. it's likely a quick fix will be to purchase quality cords and put the speakers on stands away from my monitor.                
these speakers are adjustable, and can likely smooth out any sonic rough edges. i have yet to tweak mine.

the 8 3/4 woofers and their 175 watt amplifiers are what these speakers are all about. Chris Squires thunderous bass lines are exactly that. a very powerful listening experience for near/mid-field speakers in this price point.                
getting them going out of the box was simplicity itself. but tweaking to find ones personal sweet spot never is. adjust, listen to a variety of material, adjust, listen to a variety of material, repeat as necessary. tweaking is never easy (at least for me).

but if the sound out of the box is right for you, then these speakers are plug-and-play.                
these speakers are SOLID. very well constructed, should hold up very well to hard use for a very long time.                
nice...i am very pleased with what i have received for my money. do recommend!                
i did not buy these speakers for sex appeal, i bought them because my M-Audio 40's were inadequate. these Behringers are actually overkill for my what i do with them. but it's comforting to know i would have to try really, really, really hard to hurt them. couldn't say the same for the M-Audios.

but as far as appearance...these are guys speakers, very beefy, with an almost sullen attitude about them. all black with little green eyes, there is nothing dainty about these speakers. actually they are kind of monolithic, and quite capable of turning your grey matter to mush. they are noticed wherever you place them.                
it really depends on how well i am able to keep things in perspective. because of how powerfully these speakers play, i am already considering an upgrade for my subwoofer, which will then require a speaker upgrade, and the madness just takes over.

but if i am able to remember these speakers are just for listening to music through my computer, then i will have them for a very long time.                
The sound of these monitors is super, 359.00 or 500.00.

The lows are well rounded and punch, while the highs are crisp, and true without being overbearing. (I have my tweeters set at -4 cause I m in a  10x12 bedroom.)

They do crank, but are really intended as a tool that I have come to find very useful.

The controls in the back allow me to tune the box to the room as I see fit.  I dont think there is any right or wrong way, seeing as every room is different as well as everyones definition of a "good sounding recording".

I am in the process of just expierimentation and tweeing here and there to find a sound I like with my giutar and keyboard.  f I need to compensate for sound somewhere, I have an EQ (also Behringer) that will take care of that.

Overall great sound.                 
This comes with all the bells and whistles I expect in a studio monitor worth recording with.

They include seperate tweeter and woofer output controls, as well as room compensation in case I use it in a corner of the room, which tends to make the bass boomy.

Also included is an auto off swicth which I leave on "on" and just switch them on every time Im gonna use them.  On auto, they turn off

after 5 min. if I play them at low levels.  not a problem. 

Controls:A+                
plug in, swich to "on", find your sound, and get after it.                
Built like a tank.

Very heavy, because of the big transformer and magnets thing thing has.

8 because the finish around the plastic plate arond the tweeter and woofer could be smoother.

Now if thats my only gripe, I think thats pretty good.

No radio sounds hear.  When there is nothing going through them, I have to walk up to them to make sure thier still on.                
269.00 + free shpg at MF new. nuff said.                
Dunno, never have called, or needed support.                
Well, I never thought of speakers having, sex appeal, and I've never had lust for equipment, but they are attrative and look professional.

I guess if they were hitch-hiking, I would pick these twins up!!!LOL

Overall, Georgous, smooth lines, good design, a real contender in the studio monitor market.                
Overall, I cant stop listening to these things, I have to listen to all of my music again to hear how they sound through these.

I recommend these monitors if you have a home studio for demos, or going for the gold.W

What you hear out of these seems to hold up to Behringers claims.                
They are amazing for the price !!! Almost "Mackie like". :-)                
Just plug and play                
VERY SOLID !!                
Weel worth the price                
Very easy to work with, very responsive                
I have three sets to include sub woofers                
Have had two of three sets for two years, they are still going strong                
THEY SOUND GREAT!!! YOU JUST HAVE TO AJUST THE SETTINGS IN THE BACK TO YOUR ears I HAVE A PARE OF MACKIES AND THEY SOUND BETTER THAN THOSE AND I ALLSO HAVE A PARE OF KRK ROKIT8'S THEY DONT HAVE AS MUCH BASS AS THE ROKIT8'S BUT THEY COME CLOSE BUT OVER ALL I GIVE THE BEHRINGERS A 10 IN MY STUDIO THEY GET THE JOB DONE.                
NO ACCESSORIES CAME WITH THEM ALL THE FEATURES ARE USE FULL.                
VERY EASE!!!                
VERY WELL!!!                
YES!!! THEY SOUND LIKE THOUSAND DOLLOR SPEAKERS.                
I purchased these speakers about 3 or so years ago. All was well until about the second year. One day, about a year ago the woofer of one of the pair began to pulse with some kinda power surge. The speaker was never the same since. The problem became progressively worse. Now after 3 minutes of play...the haunting pulse overloads the speaker and then goes flat line. it cost between $150 to $180 get one of these jokers fixed, so you see my dilemma. For what it's worth, if you have the money go with something that's built a little better. If funds are tight and you're looking for a decent sound the truth will do you well. In short these are "in the meantime" speakers they sound pretty good, but don't look to get any longevity out of them. In my experience they are the best bang for the buck, but that's just until that eminent final BANG!                
Sounds good and even. Not the best but for the price it's hard to beat.                
Plenty of features for a pair of speakers.                
Plug em in and go.                
Well built and a good design. I would give it a 10 (considering the price) but RF interference is a problem. Even without any cables plugged in it still picks up the radio. For most people it seems to work fine though so it looks like it depends on where you're located. Buy em if you're feeling lucky.                
Great value if they don't play the radio while you're mixing.                
Haven't contacted the company so they get a 10 because I imagine they'd be OK.                
I like the sound of these monitors, although they sound more like hi-fi speakers than studio monitors. The highs are a little too bright, and even with the attenuation switch for the highs maxed out it is still a little too bright. Also the bass could be a little tighter.                
All of the switches on the back of the monitors help with tuning the monitors to your room. It has all of the necessary inputs too. I don't like how the speakers "pop" on when in auto-on mode.                
Easy to use if you know what you're doing.                
I had no problems for the first year with these speakers, but it seems as soon as the warranty expired (knock on wood) the problems began. One monitor began humming at times. The other one suddenly burned out the power supply and an IC. The cost for repair was not worth it so I have decided to buy different monitors. If you look inside at the internal components of the amplifier and speaker boxes you will find that the quality is a little sub-par. Hot glue is spread everywhere, but for this price range I would say the quality is acceptable.                
These are a good value if you want some 8-inch monitors with the capability to reach low bass frequencies.                
Ok, these aren't the best monitors around, but what do you expect. I use them along with B2092A sub, and they sound great. Great response down to 180Hz, and the sub takes over from there. I've never heard any Radio interference, and I live in an area that doesn't have any FREE radio frequencies.                
Pretty much all of the features that you'd expect from studio monitors, right up there with monitors that cost 4x as much.                
Hmm, not sure if I've used anything that is LESS complicated. If you can't figure out how to use these in 5 min, then you should probably choose a different hobby/profession.                
No problems so far, and I've had them for about one year. I've used them both in my studio and also dragged them around for small house parties, and they still perform like new. They can definitely stand up to reasonable wear and tear (just don't drop them).                
Hmm, nothing in this price range with this much power and quality, so I guess that deserves a 10.                
Don't know, never had to use it.                
I use these monitors for recording and mastering DJ mixes, and so far I've haven't had any complaints. These are great monitors and definitely worth buying if you're on a budget (under $500).                 
Picks up an incredible amout of noise from the environment (radio stations, computer noise, etc.)  Since I got rid of the one setup that minimized it, they're now paperweights.

When that was under control, it's not great, but for the price, pretty good.  The low end lacks definition, the highs can be overly sibilant. I think they were going for cheap and bassy, which they achieved.  

Overall, though, you just can't have other &@#%ing radio stations playing through your monitors!                
About what you would expect.                
How hard could monitors be?  Other than trying to fix the quality (see below), nothing to it.                
Seem solid, no physical issues at all, seems like they would survive considable abuse.  I've been tempted.                
Obviously, since it's now useless to me, it has very poor value.                
I'll likely avoid Behringer in the future, and I wish I could go back in the past and avoid these.                
I am surprised how good these sound.

They actually sound good at lower levels too.

 I did switch the highs to -2db, but have not decided "yet"

 if it's the best setting. It's great to have controls to accomodate your control room.

For the bad news,

I was a bit bummed to see the cover lifting on the top right edge of one of the speakers. This is where Behringer QC fails.

The speakers sound so good, I'm questioning returning them for a new 'no blemish' set. They come in as matched pairs with a freq. chart.

I also own several other near field monitors including the Mackie HR824 which I paid 1600.00/pr. 

These honestly give Mackie a run for their money. Yes, I'd like to bad mouth Behringer, but I can't for what you get for the $ !!!

 I've always liked the Mackies, but man these sound good too.

Hmm.  339/pr....dang!  After picking these heavy mothers up and listening to them, it surprises how much you get for 339.

For whatever it's worth, I've been working in the music field for over 25 years and have a project studio in Phoenix, AZ                
Bass falling apart (literally! The woofer huffs and puffs) when connected to a Motif 8 and playing low piano notes at very moderate sound levels. May not be an issue if you listen to canned music and for some mixing work (though I'd have my doubts).                
Good range of features for what they are.                
Easy to use.                
The price of the components going into these speaker is ~$50 (each). The finish product performs accordingly. Might be good for some but it didn't work for me at all.                
I returned them. Great speakers are a wonderful joy to use. These won't buy you that.                
N/A                
Nope.                
My quest was simple: I wanted to amplify my Motif 8 and have it sound at about the same "quality" as my $30 Sony headphones. No way, Jose! Not with budget speakers. I went through varies speakers before learning that you have to shell out a grand to come close to that simple goal. This are probably good for listening to canned (condensed, already-mixed) music but don't make it as tool to produce music.

The only low-priced speakers I found that wouldn't produce physically-worrisome (and very audible) woofer movements/break-downs when playing low piano notes (or worse, accords) were the Alesis M1 Active mk2, but they very much color and smear.

They are exactly what you first might think before wishful thinking taking over: "Too good to be true."                
IF you just go and listen to these speakers, you will probably like them.  You will notice that they are very bright to the extent of feel too sharp with the high end. You will be stoked to hear all that detail, but let me remind you that hearing things that you mormally don't can equal innaccuracy.  That, I believe, is the case here. The EQ on the back helps but doesn't solve this issue.  BIG NOTE: just because they sound goo doesn't mean that your recorded projects will translate well. These are a bit frustrating to work with in that area. You'll always be compensating your mixes from these monitors to home stereo systems. They'll take some adjusting to for sure.  Because they are bright, you mixes will sound dull on other sound systems.  If you choose to master with these, go brighter than you think you should.                
Can't argue with all the input options, separate volume knobs, and room adjustment settings.  They're nice.                
As I said before, you get what you pay for with these as far as working with them goes.                
As an engineer, I do not push my equipment since I want to make both my gear and my ears last for a long, long time.  However, I blew out two tweeters within a year.  The first one was replaced for free, but the second was beyond warranty scope.  Not to mention payong shipping for these monsters both ways was not cheap.  As I'm becoming more familiar with different types of gear, I'm becoming a non-fan of Behringer in general.                
I would say that they are a good value for the money.  I would simply save up and buy better speakers (which I have now done).  If those tweeters don't start crackling on you, then you'll like them.                
Never dealt with Behringer.                
They look great - an obvious copy of Mackie HR824's (which I now own and use).                
Don't be fooled by people who say that they sound just as good as Mackie HR824's.  I can't imagine that these people have done actual projects with the two of them.  Yes, they sound good, but we're not using them for listening enjoyment here, we're mixing for the real world.  No, they don't mix nearly as well.  No, they're not nearly as accurate.  Yes, ear fatigue is a definite issue with these.  Yes, they have great overhead with the powerful biamps.  Yes, they cost about one fourth of the Mackies.  I'm not saying they're terrible or wonderful.  They are budget speakers.  Period.  I like them for what they are AND I would (and have) saved my money and bought monitors that I am much more content with.  If I could buy them again, I would not.  But then again, I just wanted to get things started in my studio and had a tiny budget to start out with so I bought inexpensive speakers - viola!

HERE'S A CLUE: these are entry level speakers. Take them for what they are.  The vast majority of the reviews that you read for these monitors are from people who have never done serious recording before.  Nor have they tried other monitors outside the store.  I started out with them quite happily.  Now with some more skill and experience, I moved up and gave them to my intern to work with at his home.  Seriously, if you had the budget, would you even be looking here?  You're just not going to copy Mackie monitors for 1/4 the cost.  It would be nice though!                
You get what you pay for.  These might be adequate for a home theater setup or something.  If you're serious about monitoring, no way.                
Features are a copy of the Mackie HR824.                
Pretty simple here.                
Cheap, cheap, cheap.  There is a GOOD reason that the Mackies cost four times as much.  They're four times as good.                
Gotta rate them high here.                
They'll get back to you by email eventually.                
If you're serious about getting good monitors, you do not want these.                
Save your money and get better monitors.                
This product compares 100% to the Mackie HR824's. Why spend all that money when you could spend less for the same sound. I owned both and sold the mackies and so did 4 of my friends. Don't be fooled by price; expensive is not always better. They sound great.                 
Excellent! Smooth and clean. Highs crisp without being harsh. Bass tight. Something no one else has noticed, the enclosures are VERY solid - which is why they're so heavy - and which is one reason why the bass is so good. Tap your knuckles on the side of one of these and you hear a high-pitched "whack" - try that on a Mackie and you'll hear a low-pitched "thud." And they play loud - I've had these cranked up way past the point where the red warning light blinked and so far no problems. The bass remains tight and the highs clean all the way.                 
One of the ones I was going to buy was dead when we hooked it up - not a good sign. Other people have commented on Behrenger's spotty QC - so beware. Also, I wish the speakers had some sort of protection for the drivers. Be careful when transporting.                
If I was told that these speakers sold for $600 I'd believe it. At $300 street price, they are a steal.                 
I like the way they look.                
I am VERY critical when it comes to sound and speakers in particular. I have owned speakers in the $2000 to $3000 for my stereo - and I am truly impressed with these.                 
Man! These things sound great.  We have mackie 824's at the studio and mackie has nothing on the behringers.  Everything stands out in the mix, it's almost like having a seperate speaker for each instrument.  Other monitors tend to slur everything together and end up sounding like home stereo speakers, but not these.                
There's all kinds of switches to tweak the sound.  I'm not going to list them here, download and read the manual at behringer.com                
When I got them, I was taking out one speaker and accidently dropped it on the floor.  Ooops.  No damage, I was more careful with the 2nd speaker.  These are very heavy speakers, not quite as heavy as my Marshall TSL100 head, but close.
To the idiot who claimed these pick up radio signals: BULL!  I live in NYC and I have no problems what-so-ever.  None.  Maybe you shouldn't buy you audio cables at radio shack, dude.                
I prefer these monitors over the mackies only because the mackies are too bass heavy and I end up compensating for this and the mixes are not as true (universally good sounding) as the behringers.                
I've never called them, never had to return anything, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt, 10.  Their website is great; one of the best ones out there.  PDF manuals and huge JPG's for every product.                
Want it?  Hell, I already got it.                
The 2031a's sound fantastic, they're damn loud, true, and at $339 just blow everyone else away.  Brand name snobs diss these monitors all the time and usually without even hearing them, but that's because they paid too much and just ass-u-me high price means best quality.  It doesn't - just look at protools (blech) vs sonar & cubase.  I'll take sonar or cubase over that protools crap anytime.  If these monitors were priced the same as the mackies, I'd still rather get these.  Everything that behringer puts out isn't great, but these sure are.                
At first listen I was disappointed, because the highs were a little high for the room and the bass was a little muddy. So I moved them off my wooden desk and onto my futon to destroy any sympathetic resonance. WOW!! What a difference. They came to life. The imaging is better than anything I have heard in the under $700 range. Slightly better than the event TR8s, WAY better than the m-audios, tampas, rolands and everything else I have heard in that range. I work regularly on my partners set of HR824s and these are similar in many regards. They dont have the xtra bass that the Mackies do, but this can actually be a good thing. There is a little accentuation to the mid highs that isn't controllable by the switches in the back, and they seem to have a rather small sweet spot, but as a whole they are amazing, and I don't mean just for the price.                 
The adjustments on the back are essential for anyone who isn't EQing their monitors and wants to compensate for room abnormalities. I wouldn't have bought these if they didnt have that.                
all I can say is they are heavy. i have only had them 2 days, so i have no idea how durable they are. i do know the auto power mode on one of my speakers doesn't work, but I am turning them off when I dont use them anyways, so this doesn't really matter to me.                
It is rediculous that these cost so little. Guess it pays to have Mackie do all your research and development for you.                
They are sooooo sexy                
This is in relation to their cost. I would prefer the Mackies or a pair of KRK V8s, but I aint paying for the slight upgrade in sound quality. They are, for the money, the best monitors I have ever heard.                 
Very little noise. Goes loud. Great sound. Amping my seagull acoustic with an LRBaggs M1 Active and an AKG C300 mic. Perfect for "hearing myself" when composing/practicing my own material.                
OK the marketing materials that show you putting this on a stand with a boom are *stupid*. I didn't really believe it could make sense. I tired it. It doesn't work. Get a separate stand. 

Very, very nice *small* package. Very solid feeling. Smaller than I imagined, which made me happy.

Love that it has phantom mic power for my AKG C3000.                 
Super easy to use. "No Duh" front panel. Plug in whatever to the two mic/line inputs.                
It feels so solid. Could use just a bit more "polish" on the look and feel. The "Behringer" triangle on the speaker grill is a little bit crooked! EQ knobs could use just a little more "positive click" when centering the EQ.                
Price can't be beat. Sound is great. Super easy to use.                
Don't take this support ranking to mean much. I have a number of Behringer products (mixer, direct boxes)...never had a problem so I don't know what their support is like!                
Who wouldn't want this? I can think of so many times that I want amplification without breaking my back. This really is a go-anywhere unit. Wanted it when it was first announced...now I got it.                
I can easily see getting another of these to go with my 1204 mixer for a quick, cheap, easy-to-move system for fun gigs with friends - especially for getting the vocals out above the cacaphony!                
This is what you are looking for. 

It's crystal clear, loud as h---, and small. 

Each member of our band bought one and we are all thrilled. We don't even need our PA speakers for practices!                
1) I was considering a passive monitor but am I ever glad I got this with its EQ and volume! 

2) We all really like the way this monitor lets you attach your boom mic to the top of the monitor. Many other reviewers complain about this for some reason, but I don't know why. They supply you with sturdy attachments and two locking rings that allow you to adjust the the position of the boom exactly how you want it and then lock it tightly in place. Very clever design. (German—what do you expect?)

Here's my big p.o.:

Assuming you are in a band, and you want to connect more than one monitor ( we bought 3) to the other(s)...good luck figuring it out. My other band member and I took two evenings to figure it out! The manual is devoid of any information that explains how to connect more than one monitor. So I'll save you some grief and explain it now:

!)  To connect your PA to monitor: Plug chord into your PA's "Monitor" jack and to the "MIC/LINE 1" jack located on the front panel of your new monitor. This creates (what I will call) your Master monitor. This monitor's volume determines the minimum volume for all other "slave" monitors connected to it. (Note: each other "slave" monitor's volume can be individually adjusted higher (but not lower).

2) To connect Master monitor to a slave (2nd) monitor: First you have to buy a 3-Pin XLR Male to 3-Pin XLR Female Audio Cable. Plug in the female end into the "THRU" input, located at the back of the Master monitor and plug the male end into the "MAIN IN" input, located at the back of the slave monitor.

3) Repeat this connection method for other slave-toslave monitors.

IMPORTANT: Keep all the monitors' volumes set fairly high, (3/4 all the way or more). We had our monitors hooked up correctly but under-estimated the volume required, which resulted in no sound.

It's built like a German tank. No worries that it will hold up well.                
This is so cheap when you consider all you are getting. It's a little PA + a litle guitar amp + a little CD player...all in one, all at the same time.

I really recommend this high quality product. 

Before our band bought these monitors, we used to rent 3 big, clunky floor (wedge) monitors for $30.00 ea month! But these little Behringers are way better. This is the ffirst time in my 35+ years of playing that I can actually hear my voice midst the loud noise our band makes (and I play right next to our drummer!)

Just bought them, but highly doubt there will be any problems.                
I wouldn't even want to practice with my band without my Behringer. I am spoiled rotten now.

This deceivingly small monitor is all I ever hoped for.                
This is as important as my mic. It isn't a "nice-to-have" item. I would buy another and another if I had to. It's really that good.                
Amazing sound quality from a speaker that weighs less than any speaker I've ever used with this kind of clean, clear power.  From auditoriums to gymnasiums to outdoor venues, crystal-clear audio (and, at least in my experience, no unwanted echo!)                
Versatile, adaptable, with jacks to suit my needs and mics and I can set it on a shelf, on a microphone stand or a Camera tripod (which I use primarily).                
Plug and play.  Simple as that.  I'm in no way a tekkie or inclined to mess around with umpteen controls.  For the pro who wants that or the performer who wants to plug it in and get on with it, this is a winner.                
I'm a performer who likes to keep the costs down and the quality up.  This is the best value I have seen for a speaker with this kind of power and flexibility.                
Haven't had a need to contact the manufacturer.  The speaker is solidly built and will take a lot of abuse.  I know, because I work a lot, carry my own stuff, and I know a good speaker when I see one.  This is the best--well-built, lightweight, expandable.  What's not to like?                
Try it once and you will love it.                
I keep this baby under wraps.  If I lost it or it was stolen I would replace it with the exact item.                  
I can't get over how good this thing sounds, given how light it is.  Three-band EQ let's you fine-tune the sound locally - after you set it at the board.                
In/out on the front panel including RCA jacks for ambient sound between sets.  Line in/out on back for daisy-chaining.

Even has phantom power.                
Plug it in and go.  Very intuitive.  My only complaint is that its angle on the mic stand is fixed and sometimes I wish I could have more control over the direction of the sound.                
I've only had it for a few months, so it's hard to assess long-term durability, but it works very well and it's easy to carry.                
Lightweight, high power, plenty of control.  For $200 this thing is a real bargain.                
Haven't needed it, but the manual is very thorough.                
This is exactly what I was looking for.  I have a tight stage with no room for floor monitors and most musicians are uncomfortable without hearing themselves.  I bought 3 of these and they're perfect.  Drummers love them, too!                
I would replace it if it stopped working out of warranty.                
This monitor has saved my voice! Our band uses these as personal vocal monitors on a very small loud stage. We have found them to be especially useful by plugging our mics into one of the three channels on the front and running each output in the back to a seperate channel on the house sound board. Just make sure you dont turn the monitor's channel input up to high cause it will distort the house. 12 o'clock seems to be good for sm58's. We are able to hear our own vocals very good and can take them out of the stage monitors which avoids feedback.                
Not to impressed with the mic stand boomarm "extention". We found that putting the monitor on a seperate straight stand worked much better because we could adjust the monitor's height.                
Sounds great! I wish there was a four band EQ, or just make the frequencies smarter. Who needs 100hz knob with a 6.5" speaker? It needs a 1.25Khz knob. I'm still happy though!                
Behringer has really tightened up their QT. Thank God for that!!!!!!! This is a great monitor!                
Better than paying twice for that other brand!!!!!!!!                
I have other Behringer products. A "light bulb fuse" blew in one of my Behringer floor monitors. I called Behringer...they gave me a case number and had me call the company that makes the fuse...two days later I receive a package in the mail. Reasonable price, cause fuses aren't covered under warranty, fast shipping, great service!!!                
Fits great on a straight stand...not in the center of a boom like the say. It's small and light weight...doesn't take up much room on stage!                
Could use some pre-amp LEDs for input levels. Overall...saved my voice!                
I was looking for a compact, efficient musical instrument amplifier/speaker at a reasonable price, and discovered the Behringer.  Sound quality and feedback rejection are excellent.  Highly recommended.                  
No accessories needed.  Most useful are the separate instrument and mic level controls.                   
Two units can be connected together to expand coverage.  It also accomodates low impediance and high impediance mics automatically.                  
Quality construction.                 
When comparing features, this German-made unit is less expensive than US-made competitors.                
Excellent support from zZounds                
I am so satisfied with this device that I recommended it to another musician who also has purchased it.                
As this small monitor is only needed to provide our guitar sound to the three of us (sitting in a close semi-circle), we are not in needed of excellent tonal quality. Specifically, because the speaker is so small, it does not provide any deep bass. But the tone controls can be adjusted to at least make the sound this monitor produces to be pleasant and comfortable. 

We use this speaker as our only stage monitor when we run our sound through one or two Bose L1's system adjusted to relatively low house volume. It helps us hear our sound easily without having to increase the house sound.                
The quality of the connectors is excellent, and they provide the ability to easily interconnect this speaker with other speakers.                
Determining how to connect the mics and guitars, and control the volume and tone was straightforward. The control knobs are solid, easy to see and adjust.                
I am consistently impressed with the quality of material and construction of all the Behringer equipment I have owned.

I have owned various Behringer products, e.g guitar amps, powered and non-powered mixers, equalizers, feedback suppressors, cable tester, and all have been made with excellent construction. (However, some of the mixers seemed to have more noise than those of competing brands.) 

The item I am reviewing today (B205D) is their small powered speaker/monitor, and I am VERY happy with its performance!                
Behringer consistently provides more features on their equipment vs. all the competitor's similar priced items... and always at a lower price!                
Never needed to call/email support, but their User Manuals are well written and clearly explain all the controls and their functions.                
This monitor can be used on small stand, table, or just placed on the floor. Because of it's small size, when placed on the floor it does not seem to "get in the way" when located near your feet... nor is it visually obstructive to the audience!                
If mine was stolen, because of its size, quality and features... and low price, I would not hesitate to buy this exact same product again. In fact, if I were considering a wider stage, I would buy 2!                
I really like the clean and clear sound that I get from this unit.                
The multiple inputs and the pass through on this thing are great.                
This thing is very easy to use.                
When I got the unit, I was really happy with the quality of how it was made.                
For the money, it is a great buy.                
I fills that need for someone who wants some monitor but not earphones.                
I love this unit.                
I am a keyboard player for a cover band Old Rock, Blues, and Country

and this thing is the best for monitoring my keyboard good construction

mounts solid to a mic stand, if you play keyboard this is a great item to have.                
Have not used support yet                 
I bought the Eurolive B205D to use as a monitor for our band's drummer. It is perfect for our needs. So much so I am going to order another for our keyboard player. I think it is a good value and the foot print is no more than that of a microphone stand.                
I used to lead worship in a small church of 100 people and the pastor then (as well as the elderly) would complain about the noise coming off the stage from my guitar amp......well, this little box solved everything!!! (well not everything, I'm not there anymore, but it solved the noise issue) This was my vocal monitor and it was great for that! But I had already taken my amp home and was just running my pedals to the house (lame especially playing a hollow-body Gretsch) and the problem remained. I liked my monitor up really loud and even worship team members (the pastor's wife mostly) would complain about the volume (which this little gem has plenty of!!!)...then it hit me. I pulled the B205D off my mic stand and set it on the floor, plugged my pedal chain into the Line 1 input and ran a mic cord out of the thru to the house PA system. Eureka!!! It made the perfect "in-church" guitar amp. All I did then was turn the main volume down so as to bypass the B205D's speaker, got some in ear monitors, and we were rockin' and rollin'!!! I want one of these for my self now. It achieved great, tube amp quality, tone without the hassle of micing your amp and worrying about stage noise in a smaller venue!!!                
Honestly, this is the first time I will be using the PA speaker on my own. My previous experience has been with my foray in Karaoke by way of an ex who is also a Sound Engineer. We initially utilized Behringer products and I liked the size (as well as the sound) of the product and now that I am doing Karaoke on my own, it only made sense to go back to a tried and true product for me.                
wow, this little thing rocks! i am more than surprised how much output this thing has, and the sound is unbelievably natural, especially for vocals and guitar.   as stated before, the boom mic attachment is a  bit lacking, but that is the only downfall. just use it on a seperate stand and leave the wedges on the truck! why waste $$ on mackie, when this little guy does the exact same thing? i have it mounted to my drum rack, and will be ordering more for the rest of the band.                
My band has been using this these units for about a month. They add a lot of flexibility to our setup because we can actually use them for band rehearsals and not have to lug around the heavy equipment. Just daisy chain them together and you have all that you need. For gigs they save us a lot of stage space and allow us to personalize our monitor volumes. We also no longer experience feedback due to stage monitors. I accidentally dropped mine from about 5 feet onto a hard stage floor and there was no damage. I highly recommend these units.  I have not needed manufacturer support, so the rating for that has no meaning.                
Have several Mackies... so long as the Behringer holds- up, it is a great price! Don't expect to run all instruments thru it... just vocals, some guitar and maybe some keys.                
just what I need!                
seems fine... time will tell                
again, compared to the Mackie... half the price!!                
heven't needed it?                
I'm sold on the sound of this thing for the small intimate gig. I was not one to believe it until I saw a friend use one. I ran out and got one immediately and used it on a small bar gig. I put it in my back pack and took the train to the gig instead of driving in Manhattan with my larger speakers in tow. I really enjoyed it. Very powerful for the price.                
This baby rocks! No more floor wedges, no more 25-35 pound space hogging monitors. I am a drummer that needed a monitor to hear the vocals and guitars. I didn't need any bass as I am sitting next to the bass cabinet. This thing cuts through with plenty of volume to spare. I love that is is small as many of the venues that I play are very limited in drumming space. What is so amazing is that this thing delivers it all (except low end) in something that is the size of a shoe-box and weighs only 6 pounds. The guys in my band all are ready to ditch their heavy wedges and buy one.                
I tried to use this as an all-in-one bass amp and vocal monitor.  It works great for guitars, fiddle, vocals, but bass is just too farty.  In addition, it has lot of flabby sound if you don't plug in an xlr plug/cable to the input/outup xlr jack in the back, air escapes and makes a noise.  
It is too farty, as I said, for bass monitoring, unless you are at a low level.  It could be that I didn't have the ideal settings for using this with a bass, but I would just go with a smaller bass amp if you need monitoring.                
I use these in school as instant plug & play PA systems in halls and classrooms, AV monitors for presentations, choir foldback monitors, small ensemble foldback monitors and anywhere else I need usable volume and ease of operation. Don't expect extended bass or treble since you won't get it, but the sound is more than adequate for most purposes.

I prefer these over large monitors when playing as part of a duo since the sound is clean and controllable.                
You can plug in just about anything and get a reasonable sound. There is a stereo input option [summed to mono] as well as XLR and jack plug combo sockets, all with separate volume control, plus master level.

And an additional input and link output at the back. Oh, and a nice bright blue power on LED.                
You can plug in just about anything and get a reasonable sound. 

For non-techies they are ideal. Mounting on a mic stand is not brilliant due to the fixed angle of the 'top hat'.                 
The case is solid and nothing seems to rattle inside. The pots are the weak link as with most equipment at this price, but take care of the kit and it should keep working.                
It's a Mackie clone and does the same job for a lot less dosh. Mackie's build quality seems to have gone downhill of late [maybe I've been unlucky]. I've not had a Behringer failure yet, but I do try to have a back up, just in case.                
Pay more and you might get a better finish and possibly more reliability, but I like the feel and solidity of these monitors, and they look the business, so perceived value is quite high.                
Not perfect, but when viewed overall, the value is excellent and the sound quality good enough for most applications. I certainly expect to use them for a good many years and would happily purchase another one or two if necessary.                
Behringer did not miss a trick with this piece of gear. It suits my situation perfectly and has changed my opinion of Behringer products. Absolutely satisfied!                 
This is an AWESOME upgrade of the already fabulous B205D powered monitor. This unit is just MORE of an already great thing. The built in MP3 player makes it the end-all practice tool and the extra channel gives me everything I need for live monitoring situations. Just an AWESOME piece. I love it.                
Loud for such a small speaker. Nice bottom end though it won't handle today's dance music, disco music for a wedding reception sounded great.                
Could use a handle of some kind.                
We'll see how it holds up.                
It worked for what I needed it for at a very fair price, much less than other manus.                
Really don't know. I've owned several Behringer products over the years and never had to call for support.                
I bought 2 of these 6 months ago.  I've performed with them with a quartet and trio in bars, coffeehouses, and outdoor gigs.  The sound is so good that it turns heads!  My 88-key piano sounds better through these than any of the big iron I've ever run it through.  And guitar and vocals are just crisp and musical.  As floor monitors down in front or mains on stands these are superior speakers.                
The built-in 70db preamp with bass/treble is a great feature, sorely missed in many far more expensive powered speakers.                
No learning curve at all - no need to look at the manual.                
Very well constructed and finished.  Totally dependable.  These speakers live permanently in the back seat of my car, next to my 88-key piano.                  
Haven't needed any support.                
The simplicity, completeness of features, and sheer fine sound makes these speakers a must.  Buy them because they sound a LOT better than any of the large 12/horn 15/horn speakers I own from major companies.  These

speakers weigh 15 pounds each - painless to put up on speaker stands.                
Now that I have these little wonders, I'm moving along about half of my other much bigger passive speakers, because they just don't compete for convenience or for sheer sound quality.  I expect to use these for years to come.  If they were lost or stolen I'd *immediately* buy 2 more.                
I am not a DJ. I just bought this to replace my blown out Bluetooth speaker in the backyard. And what a wise choice. The speaker sounds amazing! Sounds like I have a live band playing in the backyard. And I only have one. The only thing I can suggest is if you are using this for personal home use. Make sure you get the cable that converts the stereo signal from device to a mono signal to the speaker. If you dont, the sound will not sound correct.                
I received these 5 days ago and I must say, they pack quite a punch and clarity for such a small speaker. I hooked them to the 100 hz hi pass filter of my B1200D subwoofer and the sound is impeccable. For small size (100 or less) audiences, the are perfect.                
I ordered a blemished unit and saved a lot. It arrived looking like new. I have only had a chance to use it twice but it does the job. I will not know how long it will last but it is built well and I have other Behringer equipment that I have used for years and they are still going strong. I use this for guitar/singing as a solo gospel singer. My pastor had a smaller competitors unit that was nice but this has much more power and is a bigger speaker. 
I got a good deal on this because it was a return. When it arrived it looked like brand new. I have a solo guitar/singer gospel act and this is great for the Church/Auditorium type venue. My Pastor usually lets me use his 30W Roland Cube and it is nice. This just needs a small mixer and has much more power and better sound. Haven't needed support so I gave them a 3. I own other Behringer products and haven't needed support for them.                 
Perfect for outdoor wedding ceremony music / slide show presentations / mixing @ home!                
The sound from the B210D is pretty clean with a slight hint of grain in the highs. It produces very little bass, but it sounds decent with acoustic recordings. You get much better results when using them with a subwoofer,leaving most of the bass to be handled by the sub. They are better suited for midrange and highs. I bought them to use as monitors for my Mobile DJ system, so i did not expect too much from them.  Sound is decent for the low price. Would recommend using a BBE Sonic Maximizer or if possible DBX Driverack PX.                 
Easy to use.                 
The quality is very good for the price. Like how lightweight they are.                 
Pretty good value for the money.                 
It has a nice design.                 
I bought these to use as monitors at my DJ gigs. Did not want to spend too much for personal monitors, these fit the bill pretty good for now. Can be used in a small system with Subwoofers crossed over at 100hz or higher to get the most out of them. Using a BBE 882i Sonic Maximizer really opens them up a bit. Got them with the Play As You Pay option from Zzounds,which is awesome. This is my 4th purchase from them. Zzounds delivers every time.                 
The sound of the speaker is clean and crisp! It produces an unbelievable for such a small speaker. I've recently used two of these speakers to cover four ballrooms at the Ramada Inn located in Philadelphia, Pa. I didnt even have the volume up a quater of the way and the sound was excellent throughout the whole room. Although the woofers are only 10inches, those bad boys were able to push out an enormous amount of bass. I wanted to purchase a pair of JBL's but my budget would not allow such.  I am not a firm believer that Behringer is committed to providing quality products that can compete with the competition.                
The most useful feature are its easy to carry handles located on the side of the product.  The speakers are abou 23lbs. The handles enbale you to carry them around without straining your back.                
I was planning on buying a pair of JBL's after my event was completed and trading in these speakers for cash but I'm so impressed with this product that I wish to keep it within my possession.                
Economical & light weight with reasonable sound quality & power. I recommend for use as a floor monitor or small pole mounted PA system, or for fill speakers in larger venue. Very wide dispersion so may overlap with other monitors. The tuned resonant enclosure is too boomy for my taste, so I lightly pack foam or cloth in the two vents on either side of the horn. Then use an equalizer to smoothly roll up the low end. For clubbing or "driving" type music the boomyness is probably OK. The B210D is not as clear as it's bigger brothers the B212D and B215D. Surprisingly the 15 inch bi-amped B215D is the clearest of the family. But much heavier and twice the price.                
I bought two of these speakers to use in a location that books weddings and small conferences. They sound great and can get very loud which is good because they use them outdoor as well. Compatible with just about any application.                 
These speakers are a great value for the price.                 
I was looking for a small monitor that would give me good sound for acoustic music and double for a vocal monitor for a 4pc. classic rock band. I took a chance on the B210D because I have a older pair of passive B212 Behringer speakers that for years rocked hard and still sound good. Im very happy with my choice. All the reviews I read were correct. Great sound bolth highs and lows. Lightweight, dosent take up much room,( at fifty those are important things!!!!) With a sub or for small Gig could be used for front end sound, it has that much power and Quality sound.                
I use these powered speakers in a stero pair.  They sound very good lots of power without being muddy.  Let me clear, these are not the best sounding studio referance monitors, and they are not priced that way.  For live sound use or as a DJ they deliver room filling good clean audio.                
These speakers have 2ch. Parametric EQ, Level, XLR & 1/4 inputs with an XLR link output.  That is all the controle you could want in powerd PA's.                
Plug it in, turn it on, turn it up...What else is there?                
The build quality seems very good.  With the built in handels they are easy to move and setup.                  
For the price I know of nothing that even comes close.  You could spend 2X the price and get speakers that may sound better, but only in controled acoustic settings, not in the real world.                
I called the company once to ask a question, got a quick accurate answer in English...That was all I could ask for.                
You simply can't go wrong for the price.  These do exactly what you want and do it for a great price.  They just sound good and are very easy to work with.  Buy them, you won't regret it.                
I use these speakers for my mids/highs and run it thru a Behringer Crossover and the sound is AWESOME!!! What makes it better is I have 482 BBE Sonic Maximizer!! I played them by them selves and they have some punch to them, but you can tell you will need subs for bigger venues. I also use them as just PA speakers in a band for 250 to 300 ppl and the sound is awesome too. These speakers are a no brainer. Price, Quality and Sound are awesome for there size.                
Power cords are short, but you can buy more that are longer, no big. Bass and treble adjustments are really acurate. The line out/ pass thru is handy too for expanding the system. Also its 550 watts at peak, 280 watts rms @ 8 ohms to woofer (450 watts peak) and 65 watts rms @ 8 ohms (100 watts peak). This is well enough for any gigs for medium to small venue.                
Bass and Treble adjustment to tweak your sound, awesome!!                
They have a little weight to them, but light enough to carry both with one person. the construction is really good...its not cheap at all. For the speakers in this price range                 
Very high value!                
needed none yet                
Very nice look to them and most portable speakers i've come across in a long while.                
I've had a pair of these little puppies for a little over two years. I didn't buy them here (although I should have) but did buy a Behringer B1800D Pro Subwoofer from zZounds to go with them. I am a mobile DJ and these babies have done quite a few shows both indoor and outdoor and I am always getting compliments on how well my system sounds, even from other DJs who have a ton more money invested in their speaker systems. I use these and 1 B1800D powered sub for my small setup and I am more than satisfied with their performance. They have sound quality that you would only expect from a much more expensive speaker. They have plenty of projection in the mids and hi's and decent bass in a small indoor environment but for larger venues or outdoors you definitely need a sub to get enough bass.                
The speaker it self is durable, a little heavy but durable. I own 2 and saving for 2 more of the 15's. They sound clearer than the Mackie Thumps and almost come close to any Peavy I have heard. Even with the bass turn all the way down I still get a good low end. I get compliments, referrals, and business after every venue from these 2 alone. I also have 2 Harbinger 12's that don't even come close to the quality of these bad boys. Simply put, I really enjoy my decision and look forward to get my of Behringer products in the future.                 
I am very happy with my purchase of the Behringer powered speaker...not just because of the brand but because of the ease of the transaction. The site is chock full of every kind of musical-related product and in addition to that, ZZounds has a friendly, helpful and knowledgeable staff to assist. I am very impressed with ZZounds and will continue to utilize the site for all of my musical needs!                
Great sound, great service. Using this for my home karaoke set up. Can't wait to add another one. Sound is awesome!!!                
Bought these to use for vocal monitors. Clean and powerful. Don't try to over saturate them with low end. They're only 12"s. I can't comment on manufacturer support. I haven't needed any from Behringer yet and own many of their products.                
This was very easy to setup and use. I did it quick and was up and going at my gig in no time.                
It seem lick it is built to last a long time. Now I'm very careful with my thing anyway but still it look like it will last me a long time.                
For the price and what you get WOW just cannot beat it anywhere. I always shop around and this is worth every dime.                
I've not had to call for help yet.                
It looks like it cost a lot of money.                
So far I am please with these speaker and will be using them a long as I do my thang as a DJ.                
Good sound. There is a LOT of bass for such a small package. I play keyboards through mine and have to EQ out some of the bass.                
Like the EQ on the back, the balanced input and the link capability.                
Plug and play. And the knobs on the back are protected by the design of the cabinet.                
I used one for a little over a year, then it sounded distorted at even really low volume. Good price for a good sound, but when they break you might as well throw them away. I wished I had spent a little more and bought JBL or EV. I recently sold a Fender amp made in 1968. It had the original tubes and still sounds good. There is no way anything made by Behringer is going to last that long.                
Best bang for buck 2 way Powered speaker system.  Light and Loud.  A little noisy when there is no program music, but otherwise good.                
I like the in/out options as well as the low, mid and hi adjustments.                
Plug and Play is all you need.                
For this price range, it is the best value.                
Best bang for buck.                
I have not had to deal with them, so they get a hi rating from me here.                
It's good.                
I would get this again.                
This speaker will get earbleeding loud, but it has no low bass and the tweeter clips easily.  I've replaced it with JBL EON515 and I'm a lot happier now!                
Quality is great! I brought this product for pool side and it really delivers!!!!!                
Volume control on each speaker is a very good feature                
This does not get any better!!!!!! Ipod with a play list and speakers =  goodtime....sorry mr dj                
The Behringer B212D was surprisingly light and I questioned the actual power rating as a powered speaker. It was affordable and has good clarity but overall I am slightly disappointed as it unlike a real power amp cannot be turned up all the way as it produces very harsh feedback at all frequencies. When matched with a behringer feedback destroyer only produces feedback free performances at half volume.                
Nice punchy sound from this small light package.  Excellent for outdoor venues.  Very easy to use.  This is a great buy.                
One of the reviewers was disappointed with the bass response from these cabinets. Perhaps if you're a DJ and use them for bass heavy dance music they might not be the best, I don't know. I use them for vocals and an instrument or two. We have a trio, guitar, bass, drums and are occasionally accompanied by a keyboardist. They sound great for vocals. Sometimes we'll mic my guitar amp and run the keyboards through them as well.

EQ your sound correctly and they do a great job.                
The slightly rounded front of the cab leaves the metal grill prone to damage so I try and be careful when packing up and loading them in the truck in order to keep them looking nice. The handle design is good                
Plug and play, no biggie here.

What does add to the ease of use is the light weight of 24 lbs. I had some great sounding Peavey SP-5 cabinets but at 66 lbs. each it was more than a hassle to load in and set up. At the odd venue where you need to go up a flight of stairs instead of struggling to get a cab up there I can grab two of these at once with ease                
Beside staying aware of the metal grill and packing to prevent damage and dents to it, the cabinets are well constructed.                
I am very pleased with these. I purchased an inexpensive product and didn't expect much. I intended on keeping my large cabinets and only use these for venues that made a big heavy cabinet impractical. The rest of the time I intended on using them as floor monitors. After using these and hearing how good they sounded for our needs I was glad to sell my old cabinets and use Behringers exclusively for mains. We have been setting up with one of these positioned slightly the band to double as a monitor. We have had no problems with feedback. If we begin playing larger venues and need to add additional floor monitors I will add more of these cabinets.                
I have had no problems with them so no need to ask for support                
A nice looking product                
If lost or stolen I would replace them. I feel they were a very good value for the price. I think they will last a long time given proper handling and usage                
The sound quality is awesome. I cant say no more. It's clear and marvelous. Although I haven't tested it on any other setting than my own apt. but the sound quality is brilliant. I tested these Behringer Eurolive B212XL Speakers on New Year's Eve, and the party lasted hrs continous. They really rock. Eventhough one has to adjust the the input signal, meaning the EQ on your mixer, but besides that they are brilliant. 

One of my biggest concerns, I think, is the subwoofer. With no doubt, the sound on these speakers is great. But, I think Behringer have to keep improvining the quality of the bass. I think there is not that much response to the low frequencies. In other words, there is not that much of a deep bass output. I had to adjust my EQ on my mixer, Behringer DJX 700, increasing the the "low" and reducing the "high and mid" until I could find the the right balanced. So, I believe the sound quality is right, but my concern is the bass.  

This is brilliant. It's not complicate to install. I would say the setup is easy.                
This product is definetly made well. I have no problems with it for now. So, I believe these speakers were made to last for ever.                
Yes, yes, yes, my speakers deliver great sound. And what's better than to have equipments that deliver great sound quality at totally affordable prices. Thats what I like about Behringer products. This company makes real good quality products with a lot of features on it at totally low prices. Honestly, Behringer is the best. No doubt about it.                
Yes at all. Behringer is great, especially for the people who don't have a big budget, but are looking for a good product with lots of features on it.                
The desing is perfect. This product has an authentic look, and is adjustable to particularly any setting.                
Well, I expect to use this product until it last, no doubts. In case of technical and physical problems I would say that's a whole another issue.                
Rich, fat, clean and wonderfully affordable.  These 28 pound beauties outperform the 70+ pound EV Eliminators they were purchased to replace.                
It would have been nice if they came with covers or if covers were at least available for them.                
Easy to load, easy to set up.                
They seem very well made.                
Very affordable.                
I'll be sorely disappointed if I ever have to replace these.                
These 12's have a really good kick to them, especially for the size, and weight(at 26 lbs. makes for an easy breakdown at the nights end). You can use them as stage monitors, or throw a stand under them and use conventionally.                
The 1/4" connectors, and speakons are true professional.                
Super easy to hook up, and not much to learn.                
Behringer...German quality. Great size and shape for mobile gigs for both DJ's, and bands.                
Great value for $150 each you can't go wrong. 800 WATTS                
Great enclosure for the money. The cabs are not as deep as I thought they would be- size wise. The sound great for 12's.  The titanium compression driven horn has a good sparkle without being too harsh.                
The enclosure has a solid, quality feel to it. The grille is slightly flimsy, but should protect the woofer for most light duty mishaps...                
Pop it on a stand, plug in a speakon cable and you're ready to go. Havinf parallel 1/4" jacks AND parallel speakon jacks is a real plus. It can also be used as a floor monitor.                
Very good build quality for China. Plastic is not the most durable material for a speaker cabinet, but, for light duty sound work, it should work out just fine.                
Awesome speaker for the money.                
Behringer has always been great to work with for me...                
It suits my purpose very well.                
It should last me for a while...                
I use these pair for vocals.I was very surprise how good they sound like.very crisp, just like what i'm looking for on a vocal speaker.                
The very usefull feature that i like other than good sound quality are the built in carrying handle on both side of the speaker.                
I take good care all my equipment. This pair looks like its well build to last.Don't have any problem so far.                
best product you can buy for the amount of money you pay. 
I have any warranty issues so far, so cannot comment on it.                
I chose these pair because it works good for my applications and I would buy it again.                 
what a speaker, clear voice, moderate low, and most of all vary crisp highs... easy to push these speakers with 200 rms, and they are vary loud for such a 12 inch 2 way speaker...  the design is good, the quality is good as well....   these speakers are much louder than my older 12 inch speakers...   the bass is ok, but these speakers are more for vocals, music and crisp highs...                  
I just bought the BR212 Euro Live spaekers for DJ purpose the highs are great but no bass response at all. The product is ok if you need some crisp highs but other than that could have been better designed for more active sound. I am switching over to Peavey PR15N's I have heard them many of times and they sound great. No comparrison between the two. The experience with zzounds has been great. They are very helpful

and recommend them for your purchasing.                  
The Free Speaker Stands make it a Good Buy.                
Like i said before great sound for highs. cannot seem to adjust very much or they sound distorted and the horn starts cracking. Very easy to setup and use.                
Seems to be built very well as far as durability,but as for the componets it's hard to say how long they would hold up.                 
Great buy for a novice who wants to play and get some experience.                
I have only dealt with zzounds and they are great fast response as far as Behringer i have no idea did not keep the speakers long enough to deal with Behringer.                
Definetly a Sexy looking Speaker                
Satisified for one day and made the determination to exchange                
The Speaker is excellent.                
Good sound nice rugged build worth the buy                 
Sounds great, works great                
I bought 4 of these as stage monitors but was not happy at all with the sound. After replacing all 4 of the 200-watt, 2-inch voice coil woofers with 350-watt, 3-inch voice coil woofers these things are as good as most of them out there. They now have way more bass and are much louder too. Happy to say that after spending another $260.00 on parts, these are 5-star speakers. The original woofers are very poorly made and have no protective circuitry, so be careful with them! The compression drivers and cross-overs are a good match for far better LF drivers, so Behringer dropped the ball on these. The HF drivers are protected, so go ahead and beef them up with better woofers!                 
For the price, the sound quality is good.   I don't think there's too much else in this price range, except the Peavy PV series, that can do any better.   The highs and clarity could be improved, but I would expect that in a higher-end speaker.                
Basic 2-way speaker, but the dual speak-on and 1/4" combination jacks are very handy.                   
There's nothing to it, like any passive speaker.  Plug and go.                
So far, after a couple of months, so good.                
Great for the price.                
Really, I have no opinionm since I haven't dealt with the company as of yet.                
It looks good and compares favorably to its competition.                
I will probably use this product until it wears out, or something with better sound quality for similar money comes along (which I don't expect anytime soon).                
I got a pair of these to practice with my metal band and to use as a PA for when im playing EDM around the city. I just have to say..WOW. These things are awesome. just one by itself is louder than my line 6 half stack, which is one of the louder guitar amps you can find. The sound quality is excellent, You could run a whole band through it, and I do. Although, you may want a pair for that. When used as a pair, these things start to drown out the rest of the band when playing in our practice room. Man i dont have to worry about getting our volume on par with the drums. When im playing club music around the town I dont have to worry about what kind of sound the venue has, this thing will do a great job. And if by chance its a really big venue who insist on running thier own sound, I just use these as stage monitors, or just stick one behind the drummer so he can hear everything. The only thing i would say is watch for clipping, some of the newer models have an indicator light on the front so you can make sure you know when clipping happens. For some smaller events, i just turn these things backwards.. this allows me to play very loud without feedback and gives me a view of the clip indicator light on the back side of the speaker. that being said, you have a high volume ceiling for clipping and feedback so it is only an issue if you are extremely loud.. which these are. Each of these things put out 126db at one meter. So when i say these are loud i mean it. Also, the bass hits hard, 99% of the time this is all you will need.. but if you want earth shattering bass, you will want to check out the B1800d subs to go along with these..
I promise you, get these things, the value is undeniable, and i dont think there is a better deal on the market. These by themselves are a full sound setup.                
I'm very impressed with the sound!  It's very clear, and plenty loud, even with the dials at 12 o'clock.  I love powered speakers because of the built in amps.  We use JBL powered speakers that are very comparable in size and these sound just as good, and they are a bit lighter, and a couple hundred dollars cheaper.  I love how they are designed to be both main PA speakers, and floor monitors.  They are not meant to withstand a lot of bass, even tho they do handle it well - main pa speakers are really meant for mid to high range.  These paired up with a couple of subs would sound great for any application.                
The features are awesome.  I like simple, and this really is a plug in and play type speaker.  High and low EQ and volume built right in, but you shouldn't really have to make any turns on the EQ knobs because they sound great set at '0.'  I like all the built in components as well; the limiters protect the speaker, the crossover, etc.  The molded plastic case is well built and I see it lasting a while with proper handling.                
Ease of use?  Very.  Plug it in, turn it on, adjust the volume and eq, and that's it.  No external eq or power amps required.                
The quality of how it's made?  It's as pretty as a powered speaker can be.  The power button and eq knobs seem to be well built as well as the input and output jacks.  The metal speaker grill is just like any other powered speaker grill.  The pole mount under the speaker is very handy, and the 45 degree angles allow the speaker to be arrange in a variety of ways.                
The value is the main reason I buy Behringer.  Power to weight ratio is awesome, well built, sounds great, durable, and low cost compared to other brands that are just as good.                
Never had to have a product serviced or replaced by Behringer, despite some of the other reviews, but I have called them with tech questions, and everytime I've called I've had a pleasant experience with very knowledgable staff.  I will be looking forward to finding some matching Behringer powered subs!                
Sex appeal?  You wouldn't catch me humping it, but it looks like a powered speaker should look - modern.                
I would replace this speaker if I had to because of all the features and value I've listed above.                
Great speaker, and very affordable. If this is your price range, these are the best you can find. After alot of research, it was between these and the Mackie Thumps. After a side by side sound test, it was an easy choice                
Simple 3 knob eq. Plug and play
                
I gave it a 10 because it is well made for the price range.                
I recently sold my big rack of gear because, i got sick of hauling it around with me to gigs, and also got rid of my 76 pound JBL's.. I had a friend who had told me to check out these Behringers,  and he told me about all the benefits of having powered speakers, so i decided to buy one to check it out..I am extremely impressed with the sound of these powered speakers, and also love how light that they are compared to my old speakers..These sound fantastic,  and they have a lot of power..I just ordered a second speaker to use as my mains for my Karaoke/Dj show and also for gigs with my band..These sound a lot better than my old JBL's,  very clear highs, and plenty of bass..I went to a Local music store and compared these with the JBL Eon's , Mackie Thump, and an Alto powered cabinet, These sounded better and were cheaper.. So I called and ordered these from Zzounds,  and I am an extremely happy guy..Lightweight, Great sounding, powerful, and very reasonably priced..I would recommend these to anyone that is looking for a Quality Powered Speaker!                 
The response to my DJ system is AMAZING! Everytime I DJ I feel like im in a nightclub having a blast, never had speakers like this definitely the best ones thus far!!! This speaker is perfect as is !                 
Everything is nice and tight, smooth edges, pretty heavy due to the awesome parts within the speaker to produce the awesome sound! But all around its EXCELLENT!                
This product is definitely worth its price, the performance that the speakers give out is amazing!                
N/A                
The appeal matches my DJ equipment to the T, its gives everyone the look as if it were to be "FIERCE" and it questions you saying "Are you ready to party?".. Thats the kind of appeal this speaker give you! The best!!!                
The best speakers I've ever invested in! Never will be replaced! Excellent sound and quality all around! if the ratings can reach to 20, I eouldnt hesitate to rate it that high, and also zzsounds for their awesome payment plan if it wasnt for that, I wouldn't have these speakers.

Thanks zzsounds! 

AJ                
This Speakers are Awesome!! Great sound, Highs And Mids are excellent. I wish the Lows had just a little more Thump!! But its perfect for the events the do.                
Built in Amp!!                
Light weight for us guys to carry around!! Black plastic cabinet & finish that will last a long time!!                
Well worth it!!                
For a powered speaker under $300 (actual price was $279.99)the sound is clear with good amount of detail and bass. With 126db output they get pretty loud. I paired them off with the B1800D subs using a DBX DriveRack PX and they sounded great. Very impressed with the sound from these Behringers. I was not expecting much from them.                 
Good and simple features. Has 1/4in TRS and XLR input along with XLR output which is good for linking more speakers together.  Also has volume, bass and treble controls wchich make it ideal for use as single PA.                 
Very easy to use and setup. Just plug them in and you're ready to go.                 
The quality is as good as any other.                 
The value of the B215D is incredible when you consider the price, power, weight and sound. $279.99 is a steal.                 
Have not needed to call support.                 
The look is clean and simple.                 
The Behringer B215D gives you alot bang for buck. I own JBL PRX and SRX speakers and was looking for a budget speaker to kick around for the occassional low end gig. I as blown away by the sound and value the Behringer B215D offered. Was not expecting the level of sound and quality the B215D produced. I have used Behringer in the past in a small club that has 4 B215D and 2 B1800D as their system. They rock good and hard every weekend. They give JBL,EV,QSC and Mackie a Real Good run for their money at a 1/4 to a 1/3 the price. You can buy 2 B215D along with 2 B1800D subs for $1799.95 from ZZounds and thats including $41.99 shipping for the subs. With their Play as You Pay program you can't go wrong. I ordered mine on Friday afternoon 8/5/11 and got them Tuesday 8/9/11. I highly recommend these for any DJ beginner or pro on a budget looking for good sounding set of speakers.                  
I use this for Zumba and R.I.P.P.E.D. both have loud and fun music.  This speaker sounds amazing!                  
I love it, because it is pretty much plug and play.  I don't need a bunch of fancy features, just a speaker that booms!                
This is sooo easy to use.  Just plug (in my case an Ipod) and play!                
I think this product is super well made.  It has been hauled back and forth to my classes for a couple of months now and is holding up amazingly well.                
I think the price is really good for what you get.  I purchases another speaker before this one, it was only $70 cheaper, and it was terrible!  This speaker is a super value!                
I accidentally bought the wrong cord to connect my ipod to the speaker, I called Behringer support spoke to a human immediately, and he told me what was causing my problem.  Excellent customer service from Behringer!                
It looks like a beast, and sounds like a beast.  Everyone commented on it, saying how it sounded great and looks pretty cool!                
I use this speaker for my group fitness classes in a large dance studio.  It sounds awesome!  The bass is good, and it fills the room.  It is also very easy to transport to and from class.                  
Great loud.  Great quiet.  You can use these as keyboard monitors, digital drum amps, etc.  I plugged a mic direct in.  Too dry for me.  I use a little reverb so recommend a mixer with effects as an input.                  
EQ.  The feat on the bottom allow you to stack these on top of each other.  The tops have a receiver for the feet.  Also you could hang these with threaded rod.  The inputs and daisy chain outputs are easy to use.                
Easy learning curve.  Much easier than full pa set up with crossovers etc.  I actually ran 4 of these.  2 on each side stereo right and left.  2 stacked on each other.  I eq'd the bottom more bass.  Top more high.  Sounded fantastic.  I ran mp3 stereo summed mono into 1 speaker.  Sounded fantastic.   Again, eq to taste.  I tested these in many ways.  Easy. Fun.  Happiness factor high.                
Based on the fact that the guy i bought these from had his B215A s for many years under constant use in bands and they still work great I would say reliability is high.  All things manufactured fail.  A certain number of brand new components are lemons.  Doesn't mean all Behringer products suck.  I have been using other Behringer products for years.  Read and follow good engineering practices and likely your stuff will last well.                  
I would say the price of these is a bargain.  I love Behringer amps.  I have several inucs iI use with my non powered peavey and samson speakers.  Their amps are really quiet and run cool.  Their technology is great.                
No experience                 
Looks nice.  My appeal to Behringer is their drive to help everyday people better understand acoustics and how to get better sound.  I have learned alot reading their on line download manuals on their website.  They go into more detail then you get in quick guides shipped in your stuff.                
I bought 2 of these used.  Well used as well as B215As (earlier 400 watt amp versions of these). I bought them because what I paid for the 4 of them I couldn't pass up.  I have been working with sound and PA s for years, anything and everything to fully miked bands.  I hadn't had experience with powered speakers.  These sound great.  I haven't had them long but have cranking them at work all night playing my phone as preamp through them with mp3 classic rock music.  Really loud and very clean.  EQ is handy depending on environment.   I also plugged in my digital recorder (zoom) as a mixing board and this was a great preamp as well.  Today I plugged my Les Paul through my Boss ME25 guitar board direct into one of these laying on the floor as a monitor.  It was great.   Again eq was handy.                
First of all im a sound perfectionist an i had high hopes for these speaker and well... i was right! These speakers sound great! Powering on these badboys you get a slight signal hiss but that disappears soon as you play music. These being LOUD speakers i already expected there not to have much low end bass BUT the bass is definately there and something you can feel across the room but if your looking for hiphop/dubstep bass you definately need subwoofers. The highs and mids are clear and full sounding and LOUD i honestly havent turned the volume past HALF and its almost TOO loud! So you have headroom with these! As for build quality they feel solid and a little on a heavy side but if you want good speakers deal with it. The plastic material shell does scratch fairly easy but other than that im thoroughly impressed. Everyone that hears these speakers has that "wow" face on haha ill be buying a pair of the powered 18s and another pair of these badboys pretty soon. They cheap enough to replace if they do break down on you but these a reliable so far! Enjoy!                
They sound really nice. I updated from a pair of yamaha 115 club series passive speakers. These sound as good in my opinion. 
I do use a active sub with these. I play hip hop r&b and soulful house so they get a variety played thru them. To summarize I am satisfied.                 
Well for starters, I think just like ANY product on the market (even more with budget items such as these) you have a bit of a hit and miss track record and that needs to be understood by anyone looking to buy these or ANY other powered PA speaker.  I used a set of JBL Eon 1500's for years, all the while being disappointed with the low end, always needing to bring along subs to get good sound, and also experiencing HF driver failure on both of my cabs @ separate times (And having JBL refuse to replace them under warranty!) Now working & DJ'ing at a small bar/club we bought a pair of the Behringer 215D's and I have been nothing but impressed! they have more low end then my EON's and get almost as loud on the high end! They really get abused here too,out of town DJ's and bands, getting thrown in and out of storage and 3-4 times a week to get used and abused.. We use them for DJ's, karaoke,open mics,etc.. You do need to really watch the clipping, without a clean signal they do clip fairly easily if you try to push them too hard. And we've had a few DJ's that just don't understand that, and have forced them into overload protection, but they reset quickly and keep ticking! I am so impressed with them that if I had to do it over again I would buy 4 of these for the price rather than 2 JBL EONS's and have WAY more sound for less money! Just as with any powered or passive cab of this size you will need a sub if your really trying to get that "club sound" but from my point of view, and experience over the last few years with these they ROCK for this price they are well worth every penny!                 
Inputs, outputs and High, low and master volume control.  You don't need anything else really. If you want more then your gonna pay for it!                 
Easy to set up, just take a little time really listing to them at the volume you are going to want them to be used at and tune them from there. Don't try to get concert sound volume out of them and you won't be disappointed!                 
Using these speakers is so simple, as it should be, the controls are easy to get to, feel fairly solid and as I have already stated we abuse these more than I think most of you would, getting pulled in and out of storage several times a week, used by DJ's, Karaoke singers, and as monitors for bands. And they have taken it all. Maybe we just bought the best pair Behringer ever made. But I'm willing to bet the rest are pretty close in Quality to the ones we picked up ;)                  
Personally with my experience with the ones I have used for the past two years I would recommend them 100% to any one looking for a nice, very portable, powered cab! (At just about any price)                
Gave them a 6 just because I haven't had to use the support.                
Its a pretty sexy item, fairly run of the mill look, but I like it, as do most. And it looks good on a stand in any room, not too big, not too bulky and just sexy enough haha! ;)                 
These would only be replaced for a permanent house set up,with much larger cabs and external amps. but for portability to my mobile gigs they are just awesome! Maybe if I found a CRAZY deal that was too good to pass up on the new EON powered 15's then I would replace these but at this price they sound great and are way too good of a deal to get anything else!                  
It sounds excellent, great sound quality, responds perfectly to my playing, especially to my material from my digital recorder when I play to it live, the sound is very expressive, helps me achieve THE sound I'm looking for, perfect for my style, all the sounds are great straight across the board. Sounds great with just my playing (vocals and accoustic guitar) and singing, and also with the recorded stuff, lots of bass guitar and drums. At high volumes it sounds clear and the fidelity is wonderful.                
The only accessories were the power cables. The features are simple and very easy to understand and use. That's just how I like it. There are no least useful features. I can't think of anything I would add to it.                
To get a great sound out of this thing all you have to do is plug it in and turn it on (as long as what you put into it sounds good in the first place) It has a really good variety of inputs, super options here. There's hardly anything to learn about it, except, with good quality input material, you'll get the same back out of it.                
It is made very well, extremely road-worthy, and will hold up. Great tough finish, perfect size, and absolutely a great weight, super light for 15' and a horn, and for it's size it is extremely powerful, I've never had it over half-way on the volume and it kicks butt.                
For the money, this is absolutely the best you can get. Great value.                
Don't know, and don't think I'm gonna have to find out, 'cos this thing is built very, very well. But I've dealt with Behringer before and they hook me up. No complaints.                
It has no sex appeal. But it does provide the best sound quality for the money. It is a practical addition to my set-up.                
I'll be satisfied with this item until someone comes out with something better for a lower price. I chose this one 'cos of the price and what it will do for the price. I does help my goals in putting out the RIGHT sound. If lost or stolen, I would replace it with the same thing. Like most: it kicks major butt, like least: it's still heavier than what I wish it were. Nothing that I wish I knew before I bought it.                
Ever get that feeling when you walk out of a store like "I just got over on these guys big time!"?  
I purchased these speakers in store at GC.  At the time, I was prepared to shell out $1200 for a pair of Mackies or QSCs.  I gave them both a listen, and they sounded great.  Then the salesperson said to give the Behringers a listen.  OMG!  I couldn't tell any difference in sound, and the projection was so much clearer.  At the same volume I could stand across the room at different angles and hear the Behringers so much better.  When he showed me the price tag my jaw nearly hit the floor.
I use these speakers for my band.  We mostly play full out rock shows, but we also play acoustic shows.  I'm constantly impressed with how these speakers handle when pushed - no clipping or breakup.  They sound amazing in our acoustic shows.  No humming or hissing.  Just couldn't be happier.
Bottom line folks - don't be fooled by a name.  I've heard some negative comments about Behringer, but everyone who comes to our shows loves how my PA sounds.  Give these speakers a listen for yourself and let your ears be the judge.                
Loud!Loud!Loud! Strong sound. Little light on the lows but overall good sound for the price. Highly recommend.                
I got a pair and what awesome sound!!                 
I was impressed with the sound, the thumb and the power of the speaker in general, great price for more speaker                
these speakers and very good speakers for the d j who wants quality sound and want to give any type of venue good sounding music. They sound good inside as well as outside . you must watch your control and peak signal not to over power them if using a board .                 
Love the product.  I've been in the Behringer family for a while now with some of their passive speakers.  I like this powered speaker because of the convience.  Instead of lugging my heavy keyboard amp to rehearsal..I just grab this with one hand and go.  It's sound quality is excellent and it even handles some bottom(bass).  All in all it was a great investment for me at a very affordable price.  I'm getting another one later on!!                
Love the sound of my pa system                
I bought these as the main speakers for my PA. I was impressed with their volume, though the lows were not as low as you would expect with 15s, but nothing a sub wouldn't pick up. However, after a couple of months, one just cut out and will not work any longer. I cannot even turn it on without input and it clips and shuts down. The real issue.... Try getting warranty service on these things. I have tried thru their website. Multiple calls (both times I got fed up after being on hold for an hour and just leave a message), using the care@music-group email address. I cannot even get anything other than an automated response. Normally I get warranty issues resolved in less time than I have been sitting and just trying to get a response. BEWARE....                
WWWWWWWWWWWWWOOOOOWWWWWWWWW  WHAT GREAT SOUND IN REALITY I COULDNT BELIEVE IT JUST ONE THING JUST TI B SINCIRE THEY R NOT 550 RMS BUT PEAK  BUT NEVER THE LESS THET SOUND UNBELIVABLE                
THEY R MOST USFULL FOR FLOOR OR SMALL  ROOM                 
GREAT AND SIMPLE                
THE FEEL LIKE A MILLION BUCKS                
CANT BE BEATING                
ZZOUND GREAT                
COULD B BETTER                 
I WOULD WAIT AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS                
I would definately not advise anyone to buy these speakers. I purchased 2 and within months had to send one in for repairs. The other one also gave out a few months later. I sent it in for repairs and a week later it gave out again and so i need to send it in again. Of course the shipping to the repair shop is at my cost. Behringer will not replace them which is what I feel they should do as they were practically new. They seemed to overload and shut down for no apparent reason while just turned on and not in use. I bought B212's at the same time for monitors and they have been fine so far. I suspect Behringer was a better Company when their product was actually manufactured in Germany.                
I demoed this Powered speaker and it really sounds as good as any powered speaker that would cost over $500 bills. 

The only blemish I noticed is that the EQ Knobs are not recessed or enclosed which could be a problem when loading or shipping. You have to be careful how you load them for transporting.                
Wow! These speakers are the sh*t! I'm a mobile dj and I'm running these bad boys with a Crown XLS 1000. I don't even have the mixer volume close to half way and these speakers bump and the sound clarity is superb! I'm very impressed!!!                
Plug & play. You don't need to be a rocket scientist to figure this out.                
Straight forward. Took it out of box, plugged them in and heard nothing but beautiful music! No learning curve here folks!                
Excellent quality & not too heavy on the back. Perfect for any mobile or club set-up.                
You can't go wrong with these speakers. Buy them! You won't be sorry!                
No problems so far, but I did email Behringer asking about what other amps they recommended to efficiently run the speakers. They responded within half an hour and recommended the Behringer EPQ 2000 which I'll probably purchase.                  
Great design and doesn't look like your run-of-the-mill speakers.                
So far, so good. I'm very happy with these speakers! I'll probably purchase the Behringer EPQ2000 and a pair of Behringer subs to complete my gear.                
It has the low end kick for outdoor applications plus enough top end not to fade on vocals. A very good match for my PMP6000. Effects come through and instruments were clear enough to pre-set. I do a lot of outdoor gospel concerts with multiple bands.                
no accessories                
Lighter than my 12" Crates                
I picked up a pair of these almost a year ago to replace some janky no-name 10's I'd been using for small gigs and to host a weekly open mic.  They sound really great, are lightweight, affordable, and for the most part stand up to well for the heavy use they get - My one complaint is that they DO seem to scratch easily, though I do tend to toss them around.
Another nice bonus is that the angle on the cabinets is perfect to lay them on the side and use for monitors if needed.
Overall a great buy, and zZounds had them at my door in like 4 days with free shipping.                
Sound is Flat.
I think that it is the most important thing in a speaker, of course, later than wattage.                
One feature very extraordinary for a speaker in this price and wattage range is...   the light-weight. Only 38.6 pounds (17.6 kg). 
Too, It has 2 plug and 2 neutrik ins, both bridgeable; it has 2 handles very useful, Besides, you can lay this speaker as monitor on the 2 sides, because the speaker's shape is symmetrical and the Ins are on back-side. And you can mount it on (35mm)pole-stand too, or even hang it of ceiling because it has a special screw for it on top-side.                
Totally                
As I told you. The sound is Flat. And when you need bass or treble, this thing really responds.                 
As always with the Behringer products that I have bought, 
the Worth for your money is the Principal feature in this company.
If I could qualify it in this category with 11 or 12, I'll do it.
There are only one kind of behringer products that I don't recommend: the digital products. They are not good still. sometimes they fail.                
I didn't need them.                 
A lesser price. I'll never tire of that.                
If you need a stage monitor: buy it.
If you need a full-range PA speaker for a small-medium hall: buy it. 
If you need a high-pass PA speaker for small-medium-large hall: buy it too. (You can buy 2 pairs of B215XL and they are similar like 1 pair of old JBL215 concert, about wattage). [of course, the principal difference between the JBLs and 2 pairs of these, it is not the sound quality, it is the directionality of highs].                
Wow, sounds killer, and for the price its a no brainer!                
snap on rocks, and no noise!                
lightweight and easy to transport!                
another wow! great build and no defects!                
primo value!                
great looking unit!                
I am a DJ in Denver and recently bought the Behringer B215XL's. I DJ'd my first wedding with them a couple weeks ago and They ROCKED! Crystal clear highs and the bass was deep and punchy! I bought the white ones and they looked classy!                
Upgraded to these and they are great... good lows and highs. When i was looking to upgrade weight was a factor and i can carry these with one arm. Got blems but i have no idea what the blem was as there is not a scratch on them and they both work great! Pretty impressed, so impressed i am looking at the 12's for smaller venues or to add too the 15's when needed.                
Excellent speaker!!!! Especially for smaller venues, however, I just recently dj'ed a wedding reception in a very large ballroom and you could hear clear vivid sound from front to back without blowing anyones eardrums. A perfectly crafted speaker in my opinion!                
Included two 25' speakon cables for free. I assume promotional from Zzounds. thank you.                
Plug and play. That simple. Just make sure you're using an amplifier with enough power and your set to crank these babies to their max.                
I bought the white speakers for dj'ing weddings. Adds a nice feel to the room and if the speakers get scuffed or black marks you can easily wash it off to look brand new!                
If I knew how well these speakers worked before I bought them I would have easily paid double for or triple for the quality of sound they provide.                
Yes. Behringer answered a few questions that I had about the speakers. Very good company.                
Love that this speaker comes in white. Perfect for wedding receptions!                
As long as it lasts I will be using this as my main speaker for small to medium sized events. Flawless.                
well how sweet it is or I say they are I have here Tascam cd recorder, now I can rock the house and record everything I dj even karaoke ,,most people like to here how they sound after they sing karaoke now they can I got everything hooked up to the Tascam recorder dual cd player,karaoke player, cassette deck and to mixers all hooked to Tascam cd recorder its so sweet my mini recording studio, thank zzounds for your help smart people will be on your site now so take care                
I paired the B25XLs with the PMP 4000 and now have a great sound system with loads of power. I run both recorded and live music through the system with great success. They have great range and sound as good as professional DJ systems that I have heard. It has enough power to sound good outdoors and has rocked a large conference room (75' x 75') without breaking a sweat.                
These speakers sound great! Up until several years ago I was leary of Behringer's reputation for quality. No more though. I think they got a bad rep (perhaps deservedly, I don't really know) but have since put out quality products. I own a couple of Behringer powered PA mixers and now these speakers and they all seem durable to me. Haven't gigged with the speakers yet so can't comment on that but I've run them in a large room with recorded music through them and they sound terrific. You can't beat the price but at the same time I would not pay a lower price for something if I didn't trust it to function reliably.                 
I was leery because Beghinger products are like Adam Sandler movies - You never know what type of quality your going to get. So far I'm pleased. I placed them directly beside other comparable brands (Mackie JBL QSC) and besides the slight nuances that each brand has they preformed well and at half the price. They appear to clip pretty easy but they never distorted or shutdown after 4 hours of constant music (MP3). I also used them for my 6 piece classic rock band and they sounded great. I was particularly impressed with the "throw" must front loads only sound good a few away.                  
I like the in - out - thru - XLR connections. I can see how the internal frequency controller might be nice to. They are built well (tank like)and weigh almost as much (bring a roadie)                
plug and play for me                
These large speakers feel sturdy.The controls feel smooth for a Chinese product. I didnt like the shiny black paint to test for lead (joking-but only kinda)                
Cant beat the price for class d amplification.                
don't want to give them a bad rating because I haven't needed their assistance.                
they look nice. they sound great. and they dont argue. whats not to like.                 
I hope they last as long as my mackies have (8 years and counting). At this point I believe I'm going to buy another pair.                
I have been researching speakers like the B2550's for a while. I needed a set of dual 15's for outside events. I have used JBL and EV single 15's in the past but since I have a set of behringer 18" subwoofer cabinets I decided to look into the B2550's. The thing is I could not find any reviews on the B2550. I did find reviews on the VP2550 which is a model down from the B2550. The B2550 is there Pro line. The Pro line has a black laminate on the outside instead of carpet. The cabinets are very well built. So I got a set and tested them out. The highs are very clean and clear and the woofers are crisp and punchy. Once I get some video of them at my next event I will post another review. My first impression though is you can not go wrong with these for the price.                
Maybe not 9/10 stars across the spectrum of microphones, but for the price...yeah, 9/10.                
Came with shock mount and windscreen in a sturdy case.  On-mic options are great for setting up according to environment and conditions.                
Pie...or cake, depending.  Easy as, anyway...                
Well made and sturdy for me.                
For the money...definitely worth it.  Several times over...                
N/A                
Classy, smooth, sophisticated-looking in its shock mount.  Only 9/10 because it's not black...                
Again, for the money, I don't know of too many comparable mics.  These price point microphone wars are doing a lot of good for the pro-sumer and home studio buffs these days; I think the B2 Pro is right there at the top.

Also, I encourage anyone reading this review to take note of the "Overall User Ratings" at the top of this list.  Look at the ratings for all the various categories EXCEPT "Overall"  Those 7 categories average out to 9.25+ at the time of my writing this review.  So, why is it that the "Overall" rating for this mic is only 7/10 stars?  That makes zero sense, but what does is purchasing this mic if you need a solid, sensitive and adaptable microphone for pro-sumer use.                
The sound of this mic is fantastic. I dropped it on a medium shag carpeted floor, and the gentle thud it made will be hard to reproduce in this price range. Seriously, comparing this mic to a MXL V57M (the only other studio mic I own), there is no comparison. The B2 comes through pure and clean, and the noise level? None. Zippo.                
I like the features of the mic, the low-freq filter, the attenuator, and the 3 patterns available are nice. The shockmount is pretty much standard, but is a qaulity built mount. The case is very high quality, and when you transport a condenser mic, you need that. Glad to see that Behringer put the extra cost in a well built, sturdy, lightweight aluminum case, with sized foam lining.                
I mean it's a mic, right. Easy to use though, the features are selectable from the outside, you can try different combos easily, without having to take a cover off, get out your headband mounted combo magnifying glass/spotlight to change patterns.                
Mic is very well made, no loose parts or blems. It has not failed to perform to this point, but I am very careful with the handling of the mic. You just can't throw around condenser mics like they're rag dolls. Will probably last a lifetime, givn the proper care. And if you use it for vocals, get a pop filter or some kind of screen. Condensers do not like moisture. And don't spill beer on it, it won't like that either.                
I looked around for a good quality studio mic, and read a lot of reviews. From what I read, Behringer is not the defacto studio mic that every recording engineer dreams of, but is one of those sleepers, that once it is tried is found to rank right there with the big guns. For the price (don't you hate that phrase? what the heck does it mean?), you may not find a better value. Oh, you can pay less, especially in the used market, but why do people sell used mics? That's what I thought, too.                 
Haven't had to use it, so that's a good start.                
It is a nice looking mic, not small by any means, but has a healthy, sturdy look and feel. It looks impressive, even if it's not black. A little bit of a throw-back look to the old radio days.                
I think I will be satisfied with the mic a long time, although I am sure I will supplement it. If this thing goes on sale, I will definitely buy another.                
yesterday i bought this microphone, and m so happy to have it for the price.  the sound response is very transparent, and clear, the only problem is that i need to build a vocal booth as the b2 pro is very sensitive., as i have my studio in my bed room. its an excellent microphone for the price  but sound quality is like high end microphones                
This mic allows me to record the true sound of my voice, which I haven't been able to achieve up to now. For the price, I am amazed at how good it sounds. I couldnt get it to come through my PA system clearly without feeding back when I tried to use it for a live performance, but thats not what it was made for anyway. I recommend this mic to anybody who wants a pristine vocal sound from their home studio.                
If you know how to master... you dont need any other mic than the one you see here. Dont waste your money on high end mics if you dont know how to master. This mic leaves you with great raw results... no mastering... so if you can master it... nothing more than good condensing a little reverb and a few others than your good. I highley recomend this mic.                
I record live music - a lot. I average at least a thousand songs a year, all recorded live. I have more expensive mics, but I use the B2s probably 90% of the time. I've used two of these mics for about 6 years now, mostly on drums, and they've performed flawlessly. I have absolutely no complaints. None. Nada. 
The shock holders work great, too. I really can't emphasize enough how good these mics sound and how easy they are to use. If you're on a budget the B2 you should seriously consider this mic.                
The sound quality is superb very close to a Nueman mic.  I use this mic in my (DAW) Digital Audio Workstation home recording system.  And I have always had faith in Behringers products and this is the best bang for the buck.                
If you are looking for versatility then this mic definitely has what you are looking for.  Whether it is for Acoustic Guitar,Vocal etc this is the mic for you.                
I would say that most of Behringers products are made extremely well with German technology.  Anything that Behringer makes is to me top quality for the price and you can't beat it.  Behringer is definitely the Musicians Friend because they cater to musicians who don't have a lot in their budget for top quality equippment.                
This is the "Best Bang For The Buck".  You can spend thousands of dollars on Nuemans,Rodes etc and the list goes on.  Or you can spend $150.00 and get a good quality mic for a awesome price.                
The Behringer support believe it or not is the best on the planet.  I have had problem with some other companies with support but not Behringer.  You see I needed another shockmount for my B2 Pro because the cable snapped on the mount.  And I called Behringer and told them and they were on the case right away.  They sent me another shockmount free of charge and that included shipping too.  Now you can't beat that for Fantabulous service.  LOL...                
The color of the B2 Pro is very indentical of the Nueman and Rodes etc.                
Now overall there are certain mics for different situations.  Like for Vocals,Acoustic Guitar,and certain drummer pieces and Electric Guitar and Keyboards this mic is perfect for.  If I was using a mic for a floor bass drum and a bass amp then I would use a AKG (D112).  Because that particular mic is good for low frequencies.                
I have used this mic to record male vocals and acoustic guitar so far and the sound is incredible.  I own several Condensor Mics and this one so far takes the cake.  Totally impressed with the sound, especially for the price.                
You can't find a mic of this quality with the variety of features that are included.                
I think I have finally found the mic to compliment the vocals I need to record and I did not have to spend a fortune to do  so.  Very impressed.                
You won't find a better mic for under a grand!!!!!!!!                
I own several Behringer products; from mixers to effects units, never had a problem with support.  Thanks Behringer!!!!                
I am definitely going to buy another one of these.  This mic is outstanding.                
You can't beat it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Unless you want to take out a Home Equity Loan!!!!                
I've done music and broadcast recording with this mic and the sound is spectacular! I went to college for audio production where I was able to play around with all sorts of expensive microphones and I can honestly tell you that this behringer ranks right up there with all those expensive mics!                
All the features I need to do professional recording. The case is an extra bonus, the shockmount is great.                
Behringer really knows what they're doing, very solid construction (I accidently knocked over the micstand once and the mic hit pretty hard, but it still sounds brand new). I have nothing to worry about with this one!!                
I feel like I stole this thing for the price I paid! I would take this mic over any other under $500.                 
Don't think I'll need support, their products are THAT good!                
Couldn't do without it, I think I'll buy another.                
I would definitely replace it if I had too. For the price and quality, you just simply can't beat it                
I've only used this mic for vocals (mostly hiphop and R&B) and it sounds pretty good.  I mean, you get what you pay for, of course, but for as bad a name as Behringer gets from my fellow audio engineers, they do supply beginners with low beginning budgets with semi-decent sounding equipment.  I recorded a whole album on this, and as a demo/mixtape quality recording, it came out pretty good.                
Come on...for this price you get 3 polar paterns, a pad and bass rolloff, the shock mount, and the durable case.  That's a good deal...great features.                
Like the man above said...it's a mic...plug it in and use it, it can't get much easier.                
For the price, the quality can't be beat.  If you got a little more dough though, I would definately go for a better mic, but starting out, you can't beat what you get for this price.  Also, I had a drunk artist drop mine on the side of my desk, which put a dent in the grill, but the mic still works great.                
Again...great value.  What you get for this low price is unbeatable.  The sound quality & features to money ratio works out in your favor here.                
None needed...the best kind of support.                
It's a cool looking mic, and it has a wow factor to it, as long as the person you're recording doesn't know anything about Behringer.  People give Behringer a bad name because it's cheap, and the quality is not all that great for Pro Audio.  When it comes down to it though, on a budget, it'll get the job done, and it looks professional grade to the untrained eye.  It's not gonna get you laid, but it could get you paid.  (A little bit)  :o)                
I give it a high score because it's great for the money, but it doesn't get a 10 because of course, you can do soooo much better with a bigger budget.  To start out though, you can't beat it's price and it gives decent enough quality for a demo, and for mixtape quality CDs.  If music is just a hobby, this is a good mic for home recording, and once you've got more experience, and more money you can upgrade to something better.  I've had nothing but good experiences with it though, and look at my first condenser mic with fondness.  All in all a good buy...I've never regreted the purchase for a second.                
Most people are so stupid about the proper use of mics ,I'll bet if the same people putting this mic down saw Newman as the name on the thing would say its the best they ever used. I owned the highest price microphones and a few low cost and some times the cheaper mic sounds better.With a few exceptions the only thing about this brand is you either get a good one or a bad one so you need to try the exact mic out before you buy,I've had this brand and was satisfied and I've had this brand and threw it away.But I will say their mic that looks like a shure sm58 sounds better then the shure I know I tried a side by side test and I own probably 40 shure mics.They had a good 8 channel tube out board saturation but quit making it. 
Good Mic for any price if used properly.                
Plug in and use.                
 Built as good as most.                
For what you pay it's the best.                
Never used it.                
I don't anymore mics as I have plenty of all sorts of mics.I don't even know how many I have a hundred or so, and I don't need any more.                   
for ever                
This is a very nice mic for the price. I have recorded acoustic guitar, vocals and drums (the B2 and a SM57 behind the drummer and one SM57 in bass drum)and all sounded great!                 
Everything you need.                
Sturdy construction                
Very happy with this product for the price                
Happy with this mic                
When i first bought this mic the sound was Flawless no more studio dollars for me, but now i can get rid of the horrible mic signal and i'm picking up a lot of air i think it's the sound card though                
You are able to change the sound using switches on the mic, definite plus                
Doesn't work well with the budget cables but when i got more expensive cables it Rocked                
I think it sounds as good as some akg's i've used in studios                 
I don't call the company i call the store i bought it from and they are a huge help it's pretty popular with the retailers (prosound magazine)                
I actually make a lot of money charging people to record they look at it and think it's worth thousands                
I Will probably use this mic Until a B-3 comes out, better than the B-1 spend the extra cash                
Clean, spit clear sounds. Transparent too                
It comes with a spider mount, wind shield and a stylish metal case.
It has 3 polar patterns (omni, cardiod, fig.8), low cut filter, and pad.                
Its made pretty decent, solid construction and look.                
GREAT VALUE FOR MONEY!!!!!                
No problems with it so far and I don't forsee any...                
GREAT!!!!!                
For a long time even after I upgrade to an AKG                
Never thought i'd stoop so low as to use a Behringer microphone.I mean,150 dollars for a mic,a case,a pop-up and a shockmount?There's gotta be compromise for that,and to make you sure,there is.

The company says this mic sounds fresh and transparent,but as other experienced engineers,i do not believe them.Why?Because the High-Frequency boost on this mic actually accentises some of the worst sounds a human can make!As every other Behringer,it sounds kinda nasty.Not terrible,but adds a slimey feeling to the sound.                
Hey,150 dollars...why did i get this mic again?Oh yes,i remember: The accessories.Costs me LESS to get this microphone than all of the accessories separately,and albeit they aren't pro quality and all,they get the job done.                 
It's a legend of mythic proportions that Behringer build-quality sucks,and may assure you that this is NOT a Shure. The build quality takes the expenses for the price.Many people here say that this mic is well-made,but compared with my c414,it sucks big.                
Hey i know i dissed behringer but this mic is good for beginners.Add the accessories to that,and you got a descent package for the price.                
How come always you ring no one answers?                
Good-looking mic,though i'll give it an 6 because it's a Behringer.Record demos with untrained musicians on it-they'll think it's at least 2000 dollars. Call in a pro and he'll leave as soon as he smells it.                
If you're on a really tight budget or a beginner,get this mic!It might not be a NT1 or a AT2020,but will get the job done,and you won't look for another mic in a while.                
this product is very very unstable, i have two of it. after two month i buy, it become noise but will work normal at -10dB, but have noise like "pop....pop...pop...pop...pop.." in few second every few minute. and have pool service in singapore and malaysia.                
very well !! got all the accessories we need!!                
just about the realibility!!  ??                
they are sleeping all the time!!                
This mic is extremely versatile and has great tone with great tonal possibilities. Technology has afforded usthe oppourtunity to have some of the best of the best! This seems to be a Neuman copy with out the Neuman price.                
First of all it comes with case, Shock mount and windscreen. The roll off switch/pad and selectable patterns are a great asset.                
This mic is built like a "Hummer". Solid feel with good finishing contruction. Connection is good!                
The price is very comporable especially do to the fact that there are so many Chinese made and mics in this price range. But remember this is German Technology.                
Have not had to use tech support yet!                
Very Elegant and solid to touch!                
My two Behringer B-2's are a necessary part of my microphone arsenal and will always be!                
This mic is extremely versatile and has great tone with great tonal possibilities. Technology has afforded usthe oppourtunity to have some of the best of the best! This seems to be a Neuman copy with out the Neuman price.                
First of all it comes with case, Shock mount and windscreen. The roll off switch/pad and selectable patterns are a great asset.                
This mic is built like a "Hummer". Solid feel with good finishing contruction. Connection is good!                
The price is very comporable especially do to the fact that there are so many Chinese made and mics in this price range. But remember this is German Technology.                
Have not had to use tech support yet!                
Very Elegant and solid to touch!                
Not sure....my two Behringer B-2's are a necessary part of my microphone arsenal and will always be!                
This mic is extremely versatile and has great tone with great tonal possibilities. Technology has afforded usthe oppourtunity to have some of the best of the best! This seems to be a Neuman copy with out the Neuman price.                
First of all it comes with case, Shock mount and windscreen. The roll off switch/pad and selectable patterns are a great asset.                
This mic is built like a "Hummer". Solid feel with good finishing contruction. Connection is good!                
The price is very comporable especially do to the fact that there are so many Chinese made and mics in this price range. But remember this is German Technology.                
Have not had to use tech support yet!                
Very Elegant and solid to touch!                
My two Behringer B-2's are a necessary part of my microphone arsenal and will always be!                
It's quite clear, and reproduces the entire freq range accurately, but it still sounds Chinese to my ears. I loathe the boost in the upper midrange. It sounds harsh and overly present. For this reason I limit the use of this mic, and when I do use it, I meticulously smooth out that boost. That all said, it is a solid mic. It has stood up to some minor mods that I have done to it and the circuitry is made with quality components. This is not a studio centerpiece, and wouldn't recommend it as such to anyone, but serves well as an all purpose condenser in the clutch.                
Polar pattern switching makes all the difference. I would find little use for it without the omni or fig-8 patterns.                
It's a condenser...                
Should you crack it open, you would find it is very mod-friendly and made to be looked at. The components are pretty high end name brand. Has taken more of a beating than I imagined a condenser could.                
Good value. I would recommend another comparable Chinese mic in this price range. Go with SP for a better stock sound.                
Never used it.                
Decent looking.                
I have been equally frustrated and satisfied.                
I'v used two of these mics as a spaced pair for room.  I get this electro staticy sound especialy in the high end.  I would recomend the MXL990.                
The switchable poler paterns are a real plus!  you don't see that at this price level.                
These are good microphones, and amazing value when you consider what you get for your money - case, shock mount and wind shield included. For field recording they are pretty well ideal, offering three pick up patterns plus a -10dB pad, and solid construction. I have yet to drop one on something solid, but they have survived being bounced around in transit and still work out of the box. The slight peak in the frequency response helps compensate for the deficiencies in my recording equipment, so, whilst not flat 20 - 20000Hz they're more than up to my requirements.                
This mic has the best sound of all the LDC in its price range.  You get a very nice, crisp sound in the upper freq. and is a great studio instrument mic.  Vocals come off with a great full sound.  The mic responds very well to EQ.                
Most mics in its price range wouldn't dream of coming with 3 patterns for recording.                
The  mic is very well built.  The case it comes in, although a bonus, is a little on the cheap side.  The shock mount works very well for the mic too.                
Best mic for the price.  Pluse you get the shock mount, screen, and carrying case.                
I would rate higher, but have only needed to use Behringer's support once for a mixer.  It was your average support, nothing great, nothing bad either.                
The mic has a very polished look.  You could put in an assortment of other much higher priced mics, and it would blend in well.                
I'm very impressed by the mic that Behringer has put out.  A lot of studio buffs hate Behringer soley for some of their buisness practices.  Don't under estimate Behringer's products.  They are great for the price, and you will be very pleased with them.                
this mic is awesome on voice recording using omni cartridge.  it's got a very flat response-it has absolutely no tinny upper end-it's real smoothe and excellent on acoustic instruments as well. with pad it's max spl's  are 150 !!                
you also get a cardiod cartridge-  for 90 bucks this small condenser mic sounds alot better  on vocal recordings than a Rode NT1A  and the At30305 by Audio Technica which by the way both sell  for200 bucks and are strictly cardiod!!                
there's no other mic that can compete dollar for dollar.                 
I'm going to get at least 4 of these .                
Versatile microphone - good for stage - Okay for solo - best for choir or micing instruments. I use it for a Bell choir.                
Interchangable head makes it very nice to carry for multiple uses.                
Cannot allow just anyone to change the head. The threads can be stripped.                
two mikes in one!                
This is a pretty good dual capsule microphone for $90.  I have compared it to the Oktava MK 012 and the Studio Projects C-4, and there is a noticeable difference in sound quality: the MK 012 sounds better than the B5, and the C-4 sounds better than the MK 012.  The B5 It is worth the $90 asking price, but paying more will get you a better sounding mic in the SP C-4.                
Fully equipped with dual capsules, pad, and bass roll-off switch, and case.                
Seems very well crafted.                
Worht the asking price in today's market of high-quality, low-cost mics.                
Behringer's tech support peoiple are not always terribly well informed.                
I will find a use for it.  Probably micing tambourine and other percussion for live performance                
Very flat, no advertible coloration, only a bit plus at 10-13KHz.                
For this kind of mike has got everything!                
Plug (+48 phantom) and play!                
A real bargain                
THIS MICROPHONE DEFINITELY EXCEEDS THE PRICE/PERFORMANCE GAUGE.
 IT WORKS EXTREMELY WELL ON MICING ACOUSTIC GUITAR AND OTHER ACOUSTIC
STRING INSTRUMENTS. IT ALSO WORKED BEAUTIFULLY ON VOCALS WHEN USING 
 THE OMNI CARTRIDGE!! YOU WILL NOT GO WRONG WITH THIS MIC.                  
 THIS MIC COMES WITH AN OMNI DIRECTIONAL AND A CARDIOD CARTRIDGE WHICH
  BOTH WORK VERY NICELY.  THE MIC ALSO COMES WITH A MIC CLIP FOR USE 
 WITH A MICROPHONE STAND AND A FOAM POP FILTER.                
 THE B-5 IS MADE PRETTY STURDILLY.  THE CARTRIDGES SCREW ON AND HAVE
GOLD CONTACTS WHICH CONNECT TO THE MIC BODY.                
 PRICEWISE AND QUALITYWISE YOU'LL DO WELL WITH THIS PRODUCT- IT'LL
 BE  MIC THAT YOU'LL USE IN YOUR STUDIO THAT'LL DO THE JOB. MY 
 PREFERENCE IS USE THE OMNI CARTRIDGE. IT HAS A MORE OPEN AND FLATTER
  RESPONSE.                
 I HAVE HAD A GOOD EXPERIENCE WITH OTHER BEHRINGER PRODUCTS AND THE
 B-5 IS PROBABLY THE BEST YET!                
BUY IT.                
I do Karaoke as well as mix for live bands. these speakers do it all, excellent bass response and crystal highs. Would recommend to anyone needing a good set of primary speakers for there rig. Only complaint is the handles aren't deep enough for my hand.                
I got these speakers last week. Had 2 gigs on Saturday did a school PA function then Saturday night da sound for a live band. These speakers are awesome! Ran the vocals and the keyboard through the system sounded great. Haven't had a reason to contact Manufacture support                 
A couple of months ago I bought a pair of EV115P's from zZounds. I was never happy with them because no matter what I tried their sound quality was never what I was looking for in what I believed to be a better class of speaker than what I already had. Thanks to the great people at zZounds I was able to send them back and get a new pair of Behringer B615D's. I am now a firm believer in "Don't Mix and Match" when it comes to electronic components. The B615D's work so much better with my B18D Pro Subs. They are night and day over the EV's with my sound system. Previously I was using Behringer B212D's as the full range speaker, which for what they are, aren't half bad. I've had a lot of compliments over the last few years about how speakers so small could crank out such good sound and volume. But, in larger venues or outdoors people farthest away were always yelling "Turn it up". Well, I can tell you, NOBODY is saying that now! The B615D's not only have a tremendous amount of power compared the B212D's, they carry their superb sound quality and fill a large room and still have punch outdoors even at 100 feet. "IF" I were giving any advice here I would say don't make the same mistake I made in buying full range speakers of Brand Y if you already have subs of Brand X. That didn't work for me. Also, ALWAYS buy from zZounds, they have ALWAYS treated me with respect and have the best service anyone could ask for.
I haven't contacted Manufacturer Support - only rated it 3 because rating was required for Review.                
i purchased these in April 2016, happy to report almost 2 years later and tons on mobile dj gigs underneath their belt they are still cranking out the tunes. my secret, i keep them OUT of the RED, i also made my own speaker covers for them out of moving blanket materials ( i had my mom sew them up) as they scratch easily. my only complaint is they are a bit bigger and bulkier and heavier than my precious american audio powered speakers , and my fat hand barely fits the handles on the side (wish they had a nice top handle) but other than that these speakers pump nice, i use them with a 15 inch bass bottom, i keep the volume levels at 12 o'clock and use myDDJ-SX2 for the master volume with serato dj. good sound. i use them at various events of no more than 300 people, weddings, quinces, sweet 16, corporate, private events.                
I have "not yet" purchased a pair of these speakers but as a DJ myself I often go to gigs performed by others to see their performance and check out their gear. I heard these speakers in a medium size club where a young lady DJ was performing. Although I can't offer such a great review for her show I will attest to the strength and solid, clear sound of her B615D's. I was very impressed and will surely add a pair of these to my sound system ASAP.                 
Awful. I purchased two speakers and after a week of inside use (just sitting inside playing through some music at a low volume), one stopped powering on and the other started producing a popping sound in the mid.                
Stumbled on this guy by accident,what a find.If you're a flat wound player you'll love this unit,warms and brightens an otherwise dull thud.Have used it as a live DI and recorded direct with it,the engineers were surprised and impressed.                
Like another reviewer suggested phantom power and mid-sweep would be nice,but at this price I' very happy.                
Not being a fan of digital units I love being able to experiment without having to go thru a series of steps just to change sounds.                
Seems pretty solid,not that I'm planning to throw it around.No problem with the knobs or jacks.                
Every working bassist should have one of these.                
Don't know,haven't needed yet.                
I own it;depending on the gig my rig may vary,from 1-12 combo to 400w 8-10 cabinet,the BDI21 is first in line on all.                
I wasn't looking when I found the BDI21,will probably order another.Works great over-driving organ patches on digital keyboards.I gave straight 9s' because there's always a better sound to be had.I'm a bit old school,a creature of habit,so I can see using this unit for a long while.                
I had just spent over $3,300.00 on PA equipment, mic cables, stands, etc and ran out of $$ for a quality (expensive) bass guitar DI pedal. I did my due dilligence online, and at 1st bypassed the Behringer BDI21 because the price was too low and I am of the mind that "you get what you pay for."Long story short, (too late for that) I ordered it from zZounds. It arrived right on time. (Nice job, Z!) I was really surprised at the quality of it's solid build- I thought it would be a little flimsy due to the low price, but that was not the case at all. The I ran it through the mixer and into the PA, and was really shocked at what this pedal put out in tone, clarity and power. Like- "No way."I actually bought it for a bass player friend to use when he jams with me. He has a prosthetic leg, and this would enable him to leave his amp home when he jams with me. I am a lead guitarist, so I wanted the bass player's reaction and opinion more than my own. He came over and started jamming, using my cheap bass guitar to test it out. I kept adjusting and tweaking the tone controls while he played. I was able to dial in a very real Marshall, Ampeg, Fender and other bass amp tones. He plays a "Ricky" bass and I dialed in a "Ricky" sound using the Ampeg tone I was tweaking- he stopped playing and said "you gotta be kidding me! This dam* thing is unreal!" This guy is never easily impressed with anything or anybody. I have rarely seen a product have this kind of quality for this low of a price. If you need a bass DI box and are looking at the expensive one, do yourself a favor, save your $$ and get this little tone monster.                
This pedal seems to have been based off the tech21 sansamp pedal. It may have a little more gain that the sansamp. I have had great results with the pedal in terms of tone. It delivers that great sansmp tone without a problem. The casing is made of plastic as is the switch, so if you're going to engaging the switch often then it may be a problem. I keep mine on all the time, so the switch won't be an issue.                
I use mainly a Line 6 Variax 5 string into a GK1001RB amp. I was never happy with the low end on the GK...sort of sterile. I play classic rock and blues mostly. 

After two years of living with it, I plugged the Behringer DI into the amp. The low end I was hoping for was there. Using the Behringer DI I am able to cop the SVT tone I had in the 70's, as well as the feel. It's become a valuable part of my rig. 

The DI works far better for me than the direct out on the GK, which I have used for years, both in pre and post EQ modes. The Behringer DI sits in the mix better. 

Set right, the Behringer DI gives me just enough "tube like" compression to smooth the tone and feel. 

My rig went down one night and I had to run into the PA only. The Behringer DI worked great.                 
I love the pedal, but would like it better if it had a midrange. (I'm a working amp tech, and may add one.)  There is an inherent mid cut that works most of the time, but in some venues it would be nice to add some mids. 

It would also be nice if it had the ability to be phantom powered. I may add that too.                 
It didn't take but a couple minutes to dial in the tone I wanted. The blend and gain settings take the most experimenting. I run the tone controls flat to start and just small tweaks of the tone controls is all that's needed to dial in my tone.                 
Plastic case, but as with all the Behringer pedals I have, I've never had one crack or break. Sure metal would seem nicer, but for the price, who cares. 

I've had mine for a couple years and have never had any problems.                 
This pedal is obviously a Tech 21 BDDI knockoff. $29.99 compared to $199.99. I tried this pedal out thinking if it did the job, I'd upgrade to the Tech 21. 

I never had to make the move as the performance of the Behringer is great. Low noise, great sound...                
I am a working amp tech, and have had to repair Behringer products. It has always been easy to get parts. Schematics aren't available to non-authorized Behringer techs. 

I will say that Behringer is a far easier company to deal with than Loud Technologies (Ampeg, Crate, Mackie, etc.) I even told a spokesperson at Mackie that it is a sad day when customer support from Behringer is better than that at Mackie. He sadly agreed. (I hear Loud is finally improving things.)                
Hey, It's a Behringer. Not too much sex appeal, but great value.                 
If lost or stolen, I'd buy another. It does a great job and sounds great.                 
The product performs as described. The signal strength is boosted for basses with passive pickups. I rated it a 9 since I do not have another bass direct box for comparison. You will not be disappointed if you purchase this.                
Got this online. I’ve owned two Sansamp and was about to try and save to buy another one. It’s hard on a very limited income. I loved my Sansamp when I had one. It really helped the tone and Overall punch of my low to mid price basses. Coming up with over $200 for a new one was out of reach at this time so I thought I would give the Behringer a try. Wow I’m glad I did!! It does the Sansamp thing very well. Very happy with my purchase. Not My first Rodeo                
Works good with my gold tone micro Bass and Pignose 30 Hog Amp. It gives it just enough punch to make the small amp sound bigger and that is what I was looking for. I play Bluegrass and wanted something as close to the upright Bass sound as I could get. With this combo I get what I was looking for. I'm sure it does much more than I will ever use. Good Item at a good price.                
Pedal works great and I can get a variety of tones from it...only negative I have is that it does not come with an ac power source. But for the tonality I am able to achieve I am not holding that against Behringer.                
I ordered from zZounds in early December 2014 with the free shipping. Remarkably it arrived in 2 days, when I was expecting it to take a week, so zZounds is one of the best sellers shipping wise. As for the bass di, it sounds just like the Sansamp bass driver di (which is exactly what I was looking for) it's only $30, and it is functional. The only problem is that it only works on battery power, I have tried tons of adapters (including the behringer model) and it will not produce sound with any (though some activate the red led). Overall this is a good di for $30 if you don't mind using 9 volts.                
Sturdy build, easy to use, gets the job done for a reasonable price.                
I bought this Di box over a year ago and I cannot tell enough how great this piece of equipment works.  I can dial up the recommended settings and can easily tweek those setting for ultimate sounds.  Like I said, I can't say enough.                
You can get a lot of different tones out of this thing. I bought it to just basicaly see what it could do. I was very surprised at the different tones that it could produce. This is not a SansAmp Bass driver, but it is for sure as good as most any other pedals as far as giving you varied tones that sound really great.                
It is pretty straight forward as far as features go. You have knobs, that turn and a switch button to tur it off and on.                
Gravy to use. If all else fails look at the paper Behringer gives you with it. The paper has several different to settings. If you can read you can set it up. It's that simple.                
It seems to be put together pretty well. I would not abyse any of my other equipment, so I wont abuse this. It seems fairly well constructed.                
The price is dirt cheap for what you get. this thing will work for about 90% of all Bass applications.                
I have never needed it.                
N/A                
Absolutely LOVE this product! Playing through my GK 400RB and GK 15" and 2x10's with an inexpensive Ibanez Mikro bass short scale, I can tailor my sounds to no end! I can't believe I didn't use this product ealier in my playing years!                
Been using this pedal for about 6 months now and cant find any reason not to like it! It works great, almost totally silent, and can really give a wide variety of tones as well as some serious gain boost. Highly recommend this pedal!                
It does work pretty good, but can get hissy if placed wrong in your pedal chain or if you crank it too much. It will squash your signal though if you need it to. Will also hiss if the gain or treble knobs on your amp are set too high. Leave the enhance knob off and the level knob about 10 o'clock on the pedal and all is good! Not to bad at all and would recommend.                
I play bass with an overdrive pedal and this Behringer BLE400 really put everything under control. The Enhance knob lights up your tweeters. That's cool if that's what you want. You can have very little compression or squash it like a bug. Very effective. It sounds good clean also. Great for pop and slap. Really cleans up my sloppy picking style bass playing and levels out my finger style playing.It's all plastic so be careful with it. Battery location is weird but works.                
      I have heard very good things about Behringer products over the years regarding amps and rack-mount processors and such, but I have never owned anything till now.
     For the price of this little plastic, green pedal it is worth a try, but that is about all. The ratio and threshold settings work together for very minimal compression or sustain effect. The enhance feature emits a very noticeable "hiss" beginning at about a 10 o'clock setting that gets louder the more it is turned clockwise. The level feature of this pedal is really the only useful of the four knobs. Using this inexpensive pedal as a pre-amp is not a bad idea, and works in that regard and is the only reason that I did not return it for credit.                
I was using an Arion distortion pedal, and was dissatisfied with the sound, and decided to order this one. There is a world of difference between a distortion pedal and an overdrive. Where the distortion just created noisy breakup, the overdrive creates the sound of a tube amp pushed hard, just as promised. You can't beat the price either. I would highly recommend this pedal.                
Have been using this pedal for about 6 months now and couldn't have hoped for anything any better! It puts out just the right amount of grit without full blown distortion. Good quiet pedal as well. I now own 3 of the Behringer pedals and they all work great! Would replace it without hesitation if something happened to it.                
I bought this amp to replace my MB500 (I sold it) and I must say I am pleasantly Impressed and Overjoyed with my purchase. Let me explain why I bought this head, I own a few GK amps(1001rbll,MB200,MB500(sold))that am very happy with the 200 wasn't enough power and the 500 was sometime not enough but the 1001rbll was too much and I've blown some cabinets with it, so I needed somthing with enough power that could be versatile for small cafes to outdoor events and thats where Behringer came in 2000 watts under $400 great, but how did it really sound. I could have bought another MB500 but spending another$500 was out of the question. The Behringer has the power and additional features that make it surpass my mb500 and it was $200 cheaper with a 3yr parts and labor warranty(no brainer)its the best option for me. Its light,tons of power,sounds great,and a reasonable price. I was looking at the Bugera Vehron, but Behringer owns them and their technology is in the BX2000H. My brother used my bx2000h and was blown away by the sound,features,and power that he ordered one to replace his Jeff Berlin. and yes he's a professional bass player also just listen to stephanie mills'Home, yup thats my brother on most of those recordings, his name is Doug Grigsby lll. Anyway he was so impressed that he bought one also. Its a great value, I cant speak on CS as I haven't had to use them. Just my .02.                
I must say I was surprised when I fired up the BX2000H head.  I connected the amp to 2  2x10 Hartke hydrive 500 Watt cabinets, and I used my Ibanez SR1305 5 string bass.  I took a few minutes to find the sound I was looking for, but I was able to dial it in pretty quickly.  The amp is very easy to use and has lot's of power.  My gain and master never went above 1/4.  There was no hiss just quiet power.  For the Dollar this amp is a great purchase, but I also have the Hartke TX600 bass amp which is awesome!!!                
I am in no way a professional or super knowlegable when it comes to bass amp heads. I have played on a few different amp heads at my local music shop. Of course I played the ampeg, fender, and hartke heads, and of course they are all good and I am certain there are those who prefer them. However I am not a pro or am I made of the money to be able to purchase the higher priced amp heads and be able to afford the cabinets to go with them. I had seen this Behringer amp head on line and read the reviews and for the price I figured I couldn't go wrong. Thanks to zZounds highly rated customer reviews, Payment plans, and promised fast shipping. I gave them my business and bought this amp head along with the Bugera BT210. Now after only a full day of playing around with it I am running around like a child with a sweet tooth in a candy shop!!! I absolutely love all the sounds and tonal variations I am getting out of this amp. I couldn't be happier with the Behringer amp head or the service I received from zZounds.                
Lots of power. Very strong amp but very lightweight...about 10 lbs. Nice footswitch to toggle between a clean and slightly overdriven channel, or to add Ultrabass to either channel(sounds like a chorus effect). Great deal for the money. I have used many popular amp brands and this one is right up there in quality and easily the best for value.                
I play in a doom/sludge/metal/rock/whatever band so tone a clarity are important to stand out. I play on an Ibanez and a Dean bass, both sound great through this. I needed something that was easy on the wallet as well and this was the perfect find. The sound was dynamic and easily controlled. I was able to dial in the sound I wanted right away with ease. E.Q.ed correctly the distortion sounds just right and am able to match the clean to distortion pretty easily. I dont use the compressor at all as there is no need, and the Ultrabass adds a little kick to it but if turned up too much sounds wavy and like a weak chorus, which was my only complaint for the wide landscape type textures we create. Ive gigged with it a few times and still havent turned it up past the halfway mark, it can definitely push some wattage and even wowed my friends who have been doing this 20 plus years. Overall this is a great bass head for metal, as far as other genres I cant really give a review for..                
this top sounds great w/ my Eden 4x10 4ohm Cab...and for the price you can't beat it..    I am a Pro.Bassman...                
I bought this as a backup amp to my Ampeg, but I'm using this little powerhouse more because the features allow me to dial in any tone I want.
This amp has surpassed my expectations fully! You can't beat this deal for the price.                
I'm a retired lifelong musician.  Played professionally for 18 years, and now just an occaisional fill in locally.  I also work on guitars and amps in my local shop.  This little amp is absolutely amazing.  I can hardly  imagine it has 300 watts when I carry it, let alone looking at it.  I lugged around Fender heads, Marshall heads, Kustom tuck and roll heads, so I have a ton of experience lugging this stuff around.  Again, amazing...!  As for how it works, sounds, .... its very intuitive to use.   The knobs seem just ok, but work fine.  I say just ok, as I'm comparing this to steel chassis amps with conventional transformers.  I'm not sure how much wear and tear this amp will take, but again, its so light weight, you may just carry it in a large computer bag, so maybe it will go the distance, or maybe not.  But it does seem well made, so time will tell.
As for how it sounds and functions, I find the tone and volume quite acceptable, and I really like the ultrabass.  Just be aware you need some good cabs to push these low frequencies without speaker distortion.  I've played two basses through it, a 67 Gibson and a relatively new P-bass I built with Seymour Duncan pups.  It takes the lows of the Gibson very well, and frankly as good as any other amp I've used.  As for the Fender style guitars, it seems the highs are lacking, but not by much.  And it may depend on the cab used.  I'm currently using it with two cabs, a older Peavey, and a home brew 2-12 cab with old reconed square back CTS speakers.  I must say I'm enjoying it a lot, and for this price, I may buy another for a spare....just in case I drop this little jewel.  No other amp compares to this one for the price and function.  300 watts for $150 ?  Absolutely amazing.                
Just like the title...LOUD!!!!!! I bought a behringer combo amp years back with this same configuration and only 180 watts and that was loud.....so I knew what I was getting with this amp head but.....this thing is LOUD at 300 watts into 4ohms.... love the EQ compressor and dirty channel.... effects loop in the back of the amp....with DI...for the price...you can't go wrong....like I said...LOUD!!!!!!                
Needed something smaller that could still put out a big tone, this thing does all that an then some, fits in a backpack and is super light.                
This very reasonably priced mic really impressed me. It has a nice warm tone to it, good amplitude, hooked it up with no problems and really liked the sound. An excellent choice for vocals, as a primary mic or a background mic.                
The pros at ZZ's were extremely helpful.  The mic was also delivered fast!  The Behringer C-1 is definitely GREAT bang for the money.  I use it to record my vocals, which are now cleaner and richer than with my previous mic.  I'm VERY happy with the purchase all around!  I've recommended it to a few of my colleagues.   Woooo-To-Da-Hooo!                  
I was surprise of the quality and performance I got from using the Behringer C-1.  It was not as good as my more expensive mikes but that expected.  This microphone is very good for home studio recordings.                 
I have two of these. I used them as drum overheads for years. I vocally tested them next to a Rode NT1-A. They handled transients as well as the Rode. The frequency response and clarity were pretty well identical. The ONLY difference between them and the Rode NT1-A is a slightly higher noise floor. As drum overheads or as an electric guitar cabinet mic that does not present a problem. Yes, I can afford more expensive mics now and I have them, but if these are all you can afford you won't be sorry. I haven't needed manufacture support, so I rate that as support in itself. Five years with no problems.                
Bought this as a 'warehouse resealed' model from Zzounds for just under $40. Having used it for a little over a month now, I certainly wouldn't pay more than that, and it's hard to be very positive about it's value even at that price. Here are my impressions.
The good: Pretty hefty item, feels solid. Included plastic& foam-lined case is actually better than I expected, offering reasonable protection. 
The bad: So-so sound. Can't expect stellar quality at this price, but what's most concerning is the fairly high self-noise level. The clip is flimsy and I'll be surprised if it lasts long. 
Bottom line: I bought this mic because I needed another for a casual recording session. I guess it's all right for such things, and it's always good to have another mic lying around, even if just to loan out. But if I had it to do over, would probably not buy this mic again.
ps - Zzounds required that I give a rating for Manufacturer support.  Haven't dealt with the manufacturer, so my rating there is meaningless.                
I bought this microphone for podcasting with guests. It works great, however, you need to face the microphone, so you need to sit side-by-side, rather than across from each other. (This could be solved by buying two mics.) Note: I could not get this to work in Linux until I install QaxMixer. Additionally, you really do need a stand for this microphone, so if you are going to use it for podcasting, be sure to buy a stand as well.                
This mic is great for the money. The Behringer stuff is built solid. Sure there are some lemons in the bunch but when they're good, they're a great value. Great clear crisp sound.                
Straightforward--plug and play!                
Plug and play!                
For the money I can't tell a whole lot of difference any more from the so called brand names. I have a $20 Behringer microphone I use in my band and I don't care if it gets trashed or stolen. But the sound is awesome! My snobby guitar player had an AKG he owned for 10 years. After hearing this one he ordered one and is keeping his AKG home for recording.                
Best bang for the buck!                
Never had to deal with them, my Behringer stuff is solid.                
uhhh, it's a mic?                
Great value for the money, solidly built! Buy it!                
Dont pick up sound hardly at all.                
Comes with software that doesnt pick up sound.                
Its easy to use, just plug it in and wait to record something you cant hear!                
Its made like every other peice of crap. This product is a rip off!                
Cant hear what you record and everything sounds farrrrrrrr away!                
These people cant speak english and its a waste of time calling!                
I was satisfied opening up the package and as soon as I sang my first song and realized it doesnt pick up a voice or guitar I was not satisfied at all. Very very angry!                
I had several of these mics, C1s and C33. They are all Behringer. They all sound like Behringer, and you might already know about the most famous Behringer quality. If you a clean sounding mic that does not generate a lot of hiss on your recordings, then stay away from this mic. This mic creates a lot of hiss on your reordings and therefore in my opinion is not useable.                
Well, the C3 has vairable patterns. But this is of no importance because the poor sound quality and the large amount of hiss this mic creates on your recoundings.                 
As any.... needs Phantom Power. The sound is what counts and what is important.                
OK, one must admit, this mic seems to be sturdily build, but this does not help because the sound quality of this mic can be best described as beeing horrible                
Instead of wasting money on this mic, or on Behringer gear in generall, use this money to have a night out, or give it to charity, or save up and buy something better.                
Behringer and support, these are two different things. Behringer wants you to buy their stuff, but the do not want to hear from you anymore once they got your money.                
I had some of them, I sold them for very little. No, I don't want any of these terrible mics                
For only a little more money you get something much better. Don't waste your money on Behringer                
If you like hiss, if you don't mind a very trebly sound, then get this mic. If you like a good sound, then I would recommend not to get this mic                
Features, as any                
Yes, you can use this mic as you can use any condenser mic. But how does it sound is the main question                
Its Behringer quality. So you don't know - will it still work tomorrow ?                
Spend a little bit more and get something better. Do not waste your money on this mic                
Behringer support is very bad, very bad. The simply ignore you.
Thanks, I do not want it                
Overall, its a Behringer. Its Behringer sound, Behringer quality. 
I do not recommend and Behringer product. Had too much bad experiences.
Yes, it is said these products are entry level. But also entry level products should be of a reasonable quality                
Very low self noise for an electret condenser. Excellent dynamic range. Very low distortion. Near ruler flat frequency response.

Great for drum overheads, sax, etc. with -10 dB pad, acoustic guitar without.                
Needs separate LF roll off and -10 dB switches, or at least a clearer definition of whether the -10 dB position includes the LF roll off, or not. I believe that it does, but still not sure unless I test it  with an analyzer.                
Plug and play. If it doesn't work, you forgot to turn on the phantom power or have a bad mic cord.                
Superb sound, construction, fit and finish.                
Sounds like you spent a whole lot more than you actually did.                
Don't know. This is truly a disposable device especially at this price point.                
Sounds great. Cost is near zero. Now if only Uli would shock mount some of these elements into a hand held with a two layer pop screen...                
Cost/performance ratio is great. Sound is great. Behringer is a disruptive technology force in the music industry. You may expect to often pay double up to 10 times more for products of similar quality and possibly slightly greater longevity.                
It has the best price/quality. Very good vor low budget recording.

Pro: it has a very smooth freq.char. which is esily to equalize. And very constant directivity between 500Hz and 5kHz for very good XY or ORTF stereo. With proper equalisation they sound really impressive on all kinds of classical music: big church organ @ 12mtrs distance with really deep bass (16'pipes), big male choir (45 men)+ solist @ 2.5mtrs away and 5mtr up, grand piano @ 1.5mtrs, or 30cms from hammers, standup piano @ 1.6mtrs or 30cms from the soundboard, classical solo singers (fi. tenor or VERY loud soprano) @ 0,5-2 mtrs distance. No distortion, with ORTF mode exellent stereo roominess (big church) and soundsource positioning (choir). Good sound compared to my MXL990.                
Stereo bar, pop filters. Both OK.

Missed inter-distance adapter for ORTF mode, and 90degr. adapter for mounting the stereo bar in parallel under the mike-boom in case the mikestand must be beside the soundsource. Made them myself. I must also make rubber-suspension for the stereo setup.                
Needs equalisation when more than 30cm away from soundsource, it then sounds to me like very expensive. Is easy standard procedure for me now.

    Equalisation:

When at 30cms distance only -2dB equalisation @ 8kHz needed, then very neutral and pleasent sound.

When at 1m distance or more it needs the following equalizing at my Phonic MU1202 mixer with positions: Hi: 10.30Hrs ( -2 dB@8kHz); Mid: 13.30Hrs (+1.5db@2.5kHz); Low: 14.30Hrs (+8dB@80Hz). Afterwards at home extra EQ before music-cutting on my PC: +3dB@50Hz / +6dB@30Hz.                 
XLR plug fitted difficult in only one of all my 6 Behringer C2 mikes. Good PCB, nice metal housing, feels good and looks impressive. Feels reliable. Can be used "on the road" i think. Cheap, so spare ones do not cost much.

BUT: DESIGNFAULT in microphone output circuit: XLR pin3 is grounded directly for audio, and the impedance on pin2 rises for low frequencies. Be aware: This impedance-unbalance will reveal very weak residual hum/noise from your 48V phantom power supply (if any) when0 used with low soundlevels (test it)! I modified XLR pin3 cricuit, and hum/noise now is further suppressed by 30dB into an undetectable low level. Now perfect! See my modification article on internet.                
Yes, absolutely.                
I informed Behringer about the problem and asked for modification. First time no real good reaction (pointed their finger towards my mixer). I devellopped modification myself: Second time when my modification was send to them, they respondede more serious and did send it to their devellopment department.                
Feels and looks very good, nicely small, only wanted sometimes it was black and less obvious to see, and less obvious printing on it.                
I will keep them. Becouse i want to make stereo recording in Blumlein mode, i will buy at least one set stereo mikes with figure-of-eight characteristic. Must wait for budget. If small budget, possably the cheap new Behringer C3 or the more expensive Superlux CMH-8C.                
So far I have only used these to record acoustic guitar and they do a much better job than I had originally expected,I have been able to produce a very woody natural sound both used as a stereo pair or with a single unit pointed at the 12th fret from about 7 inches away.

A few hints for the guy who trashed them. Read up on mic placement technique,learn how to work your preamp and or your mixer and you might be pleasantly surprised. By the way...they are not vocal mics!

The Included stereo bar alone Is almost worth the price of the total package and I use the 10db roll off switch to eliminate all traces of bottom boom on acoustic.                
Plug and play of course.                
The mics seem to be very sturdy and the fit and finish on my pair Is excellent.                
The price of these mics can't be beat for the quality sound that I have been able to produce with them.For a basic home recording setup that won't break the bank,I highly recommend them.                
I have never needed support on any of the several Behringer products that I have owned.                
I don't consider mics to be very sexy,but to each his own.                
If lost or stolen I would purchase another pair.As a matter of fact I'm thinking of purchasing a backup pair anyway.                
they are awesome guys, just don't miss them . i got a pair for 50 bucks including mic bar and etc... recorded my takamine acoustic guitar with my m audio fast track ultra and i got very clear, bright and natural tone. i am really happy with these. please get a good xlr cable with gold contacts.i have recorded with mogami gold cables.
good acoustic guitar +  good playing techniques + good cables + good mic techniques + good sound card = high quality audio.                
Nice smooth sound. Extremely flat frequency response. Very forgiving microphone.                
The only thing I wish Behringer had done differently would be to separate the lo-cut and 10db pad switch                
Useful right out of the box.                
For such a small mic, it has a nice heft to it. Real solid little unit.                
To get two of these mics for a fraction of the cost of what you might expect to pay for one is a phenomenal deal.                 
I haven't had to contact Behringer regarding this product                
Once you hold the C2 in your hand, you realize that it's not only a well made product, but that it may well be the cutest darn microphone ever made.                
I envision these mics being part of my recording rig for a long time.                
The sound quality is much better than expected at this price! They are O.K. as Drum Overheads, but sound really good on Acoustic instuments.                
I've had no problems. Seem to be well made and have a little weight to them.                
No, these are not Neumann KM184's but for the price you can afford to buy 2 pairs. With all of the tools in our arsenal to "beef up" our gear, these C2's are well worth the price!                
I have heard these Mic's are getting hard to find because Behringer is going to raise the price.??                
It is hard to believe two really great-sounding mics for acoustic guitar are available for $60, and from Behringer no less...but these are the real deal. This would be a steal at twice or three times the price. Comes with a sweet little case, double mic bar, and little windscreens! If you are looking for a pair of condensers on a budget, stop looking, buy these, they are wonderful.                 
I was looking in the market for cheap in price but good in quality condenser mics. I tried these out at the school I work in and I was convinced to buy these. They are like a small version of the $600 choir mics. I was going to buy another set from a different manufacturer for $100 but I ran across these and now I am happy. If you are looking for good quality mics for a small recording studio, these are definitely the mics to get for under $60. That is another thing, ZZ Sounds has the best price for these out there and free shipping.                
You can't beat the quality for the price!  Sure, you can buy some expensive condensers that are available on the market, but you'll have to spend WAY more to hear any difference at all. 2 mics for around $60, plus a stereo bar, you can't get a better deal than that.                  
See my earlier comment. Needs EQ on mixer and (if record pipe organ) also a bit on PC. Used them on choir XY/ORTF, harp XY, choir organ, big main organ.                
See EQ.                
Behringer responded promptly on my comment about poor output-balance. And improved newly delivered ones afterwards. Sadly did not award me by some gift (mikes).                
Nice, but want black ones.                
Still use them, after i modified the output cicuitry to get optimal balancing effect (suppression of noises from phantom power supply and induced hum/ticks on the balanced cable).                
I use these mics for overheads on the drum kit in the studio. They are great for the money!                
In 18 years, I've never been excited about the sound of a hi hat mic until I used one of these last night. It was very crisp and clean without being harsh. I used the other one under the ride cymbal and got exactly the sound I wanted.                
It would be perfect if it had separate switches for the high-pass filter and the pad.                
Plug it in, turn on phantom power, turn it up, done.                
It's got a little heft to it, but after only one use, it's a little hard to tell how long it will last.                
I can hardly believe I got two of these for less than the cost of a single "high quality" condenser.                
At this price, they are easily replacable.                
Wow. No really, excellent for guitar cabinets (especially any bass heavy cabinets), sound great as a stereo pair for drum overheads. Close in, they feel amazingly similar to a 57 (although I believe the sound is actually a little more focused on the Behringer)                
C'mon. A selectable 10db pad and a bass roll-of on a mic costing $25.                
Plug and play.                 
 Haven't had any problems.                
Again. The features and sound for the money are outstanding.                
N/A                
 If they would only make them in black....                
  Incredible value. I'm sure they won't take the abuse of a 57, but at 25 a pop, buy four of them.                
This mic is almost identical to the Neumann KM184 Cardiod, check out the specks and the sound, you wont find any huge differences.  For a pair of the Neumann KM184 it costs $1,459.  For a pair of these Behringer its $50.  Dont pass it up, this is a sick deal.  I've used them for micing my guitar and they're sound is great, the 10dB bass roll off switch is really helpful on the low end. I own really expensive mics, and not so expensive mics and this one has proven itself among the greats.  You gottta get um!                 
HUGE VALUE!!                
GET THEM!!                
I have been very pleased with these C-2 mics which I use to cover large and small choir performances as well as some instrumentals in live sound situations. Their cardiod pattern and good sensitivity fill the bill at a very attractive price. That's why I bought this most recent pair.  We now own 6 of them.                
These are great sounding microphones.....much better than I expected. Very natural and transparent.......these are exactly what I was looking for........overheads, acoustics, stereo recording and misc uses....                
Nice packing, storage case, pop filters and a very cool stereo mic holder......haven't used it yet, but looks like a worthwhile setup.                
Easy to use......just use phantom power, attenuation or rolloff.....the rest is all mic placement, levels and good source.                
Well made......feels substantial.....matched well.                
This is well worth the price......worth more actually!                
Have not needed support.....all the Behringer stuff has been working. there older stuff was lifeless, but they have been getting the transparent sound that I require and expect from semi-professional gear.                
I don't know if you can call it sexy, but it's built well, designed well and very easy to place in any situation.........Great!!                
I expect to have and use these as long as they last, which I expect to be a good long time, as I'm a fanatic about equipment care.....be nice to your equipment and get years and years of use.                
They work but there is audible hum. Not suitable for hifi recordings

imho.                
They look ok. Switch for high-pass is handy.                
Plug them into to a cable stick them on the supplied t-bar.                
Quite well made on the exterior.

Corners have been cut internally.                
They are super cheap but they sound it.                
No idea.                
No I don't want it.                
If you have decent headphones or monitors you will see how bad these

mikes are before you waste a lot of time recording with them.                
It has a clear small condensor microphone sound but there is a loud

hum ever present.                
Stereo bar, high pass filter and pad. Lot's of features for the 

money.                
Plug it into your XLR cables and apply phantom power, bingo.                
It looks robust enough nice metallic finish.                
It's cheap but due to the hum will create serioulsy low quality 

recordings.                 
Not contacted Behringer.                
If you know what type of sound you'd expect to get from these, you wont' be disapointed. Great acoustic/percusion sounds. Was impressed the first time using them.                
Nice stereo mount, everything you need it to do!! Don't think the case is meant to be used as a case!!....TIP when purchasing mics, keep the foam interior this will allow you to place all of your mics in a nice heavy duty carrying case.....it seems like they always use the same thickness of foam???....                
How to explain that one.......                
Solid built comparable to much more expensive mics......very impressed at this point.                
AAA+                
Have many Behringer products,.....impressed all the way.                
I have it....will buy another pair!                
Great tight sound for drum overheads. -10db pad and bass roll-off switches are nice features.                 
Phantom powered!! Make sure you have 48V phantom power on your mixer/preamp/whatever, otherwise, it won't work!                
great sounding item for this price??? 2 mics, an XY mounting bracket, windscreens, mic clips and a little carrying box make this a steal...                
It's a very flexible mic with a great sound for the price. You can literally stick it anywhere in live or recording sound alike. The best though is in mic-ing it close-up to an acoustic instrument. Might sound a little tinny with bright cymbals when mic-ing it overhead on drums though.                
The low-cut and pad is ultra-useful in my case, though i would like the low cut to seperated from the pad for more flexiblity...                
It's a very forgiving mic with a remarkably high gain before feedback. Very friendly with a standard 3/4 band semi-parametric EQ.                
No complaints on this one. Unlike some other Behringer products I've handled, I received no production defects on my 16 units (8 packs) I have currently. Feels like a million bucks and none of them failed in my shows for more than a year now. Even if it does, I'll just get another one. Great job, Behringer.                
The local dealer in Malaysia sucks with its support and warrantee with the other Behringer products i own. The only bummer of this mic actually.                
I run a sound rental company dealing with a great variety of live music, so my mics have to be great or else i'm screwed. However, being an asian country, looks and branding are still important as a advertisement. However, despite it being so cheap (By far the cheapest mic in my sound arsenal), it stands up against other mics so well i'm not embarrassed to it being there. Besides, it's rather cute.                
By far one of the best-valued products by any manufacturer I've met. Top recommendation from me.                
I use these for live sound in a small chapel with lots of reverb and they work great.

 - one for an overhead on a drum kit and I hear everything (the only other mic I really need is one for the kick) 

- another to mic a violin.  

After listening to the recordings I made it sounded like I was standing next to the insturments - amazing reproduction of the sound source - which, being an insturmentalist myself, is exacly what I want a mic to do.                
The mics came with everything I need or what for them what more is there to say.                
I just pluged them in and was amazed.                
The sound is great!  The 10dB roll off its really helpful.  That alone makes it worth the price.                
Once again the 10 dB roll off is excellent, and the sound is pretty crisp and clear.                
Easy easy                
I've done alot with um, and they can take a beating.                
Amazing value ofcourse.                
Overall i'm genuinely satisfied.  Good sound, good buy, good deal.                
Sound is good.  I bought these for stereo recording acoustic guitar which they do very well.  I was previously using a single shure small diaphram condensor mic and the C2's do a better job of picking up the wood and string sound of the guitar.  Acoustic instruments are obviously what these are designed for.                  
very neat and useful X-Y stereo mic bracket.  The -10db switch is good too.                
I love the small size of these mics.  they don't get in the way and are easy to handle                
They are simply but well made and I feel confident they could take a bit of abuse.                
These are by far the best bang-for buck microphones I have ever purchased.  I have been recording for 15 years and cannot belive what I got for $70AU                
never had to deal with support                
They look like a professional mic and I wouldn't be ashamed to be seem using them.                
Very satisfied.                
I dont see how anyone could give this a positive rating. It sounds like vocals/Acoustic guitar is resonating out of a tin can. It's really terrible, even when run through waves diamong bundle.                
garbage                
looks pretty cool                
disappointed                
For the money these are a good bang for the buck.  That having been said, it is what you pay for.  You are not buying Neuman mikes.  Therefore, to compare them to Neuman would be a disservice to both.  Because of the several options, cardioid, figure-8 and omni, these are performing exactly as I have need.  These serve as ambient mikes in a live setting for in ear monitoring.  With these set at front of stage with the figure-8 setting, performers are able to hear themselves in a "room" setting,  and they are also able to hear the audience.  They do it very well.  The indicator on the face of the mics is a great visual clue that "phantom" is on.  

Comparing them in studio to MXLs, the tonal quality is about the same, with the gain attenuated more for these to acheive the same output.  When compared to Octavas, let us just say that they really are in a different league.  The Octava(s), gain set at 12 o'clock,  had more output than with these set at 3 o'clock.  But again, keep in mind that what these are currently providing in an inexpensive package makes sense and cents.                 
The shipping box (carrying case) is very adequate for getting to me, but I immediately put them in a padded/divided mic case (SKB).  The mic holder is plastic, I would be careful in handling it.  Are they road worthy for an every night set up and tear down? probably not!                  
The switches appear to work well and do not anticipate any thing breaking but I also do not have any plans to need to change settings all to often.  Very possibly the only one would be the low cut switch should there be any low rumble transmitted to these.                
At the normal retail price I would probably pass on these for something with a little better specs.                
I have used Behringer boards for many years and have not had anything that would cause me hesitation to use their products.                
The chromed mesh has me a little concerned as to how long it will hold up.  I would have much preferred a more matte finish or black.  They would be so much less conspicuous had they been a matte black finish for what I am using them for.                 
So far what I have experienced with these, I would replace them with the same should something happen to them.  In cardiod pattern there is some low self noise with the other settings it is greatly increased because of the additional diaphragm being active.                 
The Behringer mic we bought for our congregationi is exactly what we were looking for and works perfectly in our application. And the switchable pick-up pattern allows us to use the mic in different settings without having to have two other mics. The figure 8 pattern  and phantom power is just a great way for us to interview two people with having two mics and the people don;t have to be standing close to this mic for it to pick up. All-in-all, this is a terrific mic!!                
I bought this Behringer C-3, but is is VERY noisy... I can't use it for anything else than recording hardrock! I think I will remove the PCB and replace it with my own low-noise head amplifier. The C-3 uses a TL072 as head amp, no surprise that you get noise. (The noise is even higher in the omni and fig.8 mode.)                
I purchased the mics, and was ready to return them within one hour.

One mic sounded fine, the second mic of the "matched pair",.. was

1/3 less volume, bassy muffled tone, and very fuzzy!                
The accessories were fine.(not much good unless the mics are usable though.)                
Not good unless you like the sound of A.M. static.                
They must not have been inspected!...What makes them a matched pair

if they are completely different?                
If they worked they would be a great value,....but again, not good if you can't use them.                
I had a little trouble, I filled out a more detailed description of the

support problems,....but my review didn't get posted!                
A good Ethernet cable, shielded and on a reel. I currently use it with my Midas M32 and DL32 and it works great!                
a little boxy, tell the truth. Pretty rich and full for the speaker size though. I wouldn't necessarily use these as studio monitors for mixing but they'd be excellent to listen to the mixdown in a room instead of near-fields. They could use a powered sub.                 
They can take a hit better than a set of monitors. They're lightweight and small. Behringer should include a handle in their hardware with these. 
They have RCA red/white in (they're mono, but if you have two one gets the red and one gets the white), balanced 3 pin microphone in and a balanced pin out for sending the signal to another speaker. 
I would like a 1/4 in, but you can't have it all, can ya. That's why Hosa maked an adapter for everything. 
The speakers have clip/limit protection, but I haven't gotten to that point yet. 
Get a few sets and daisy chain them with the buffered signal out, or daisy chain to a sub with built in crossover.                 
Unbox, plug in, RCA in, and turn on. That's it. Pretty easy if I do say so myself.                 
I was looking for something to PA around the house, something that my wife could use as a portable PA, and something I could possibly use as a sound reinforcement for my TV. These fit the bill on all parts, and are more rugged than home audio equipment or studio monitors. There might be a sacrifice of sound quality, but I'm not really worried about it.                 
Value is subjective, but for my personal needs, this is a high value. My wife would not be able to lug any of the standard-sized PA speakers to work in my price range. Fitment in multiple situations is minimal with the bulky thermoplastic powered speakers, and imagine how horrifying it would be to suddenly have a small child dime the volume on a Class D 1000w speaker when watching a sit-com. 
The main point however, is that there is almost no competitive-sized PA speakers on the market to this. It's assumed that the market doesn't want them because they don't buy them, but they don't buy them because they aren't sold.                 
Haven't dealt with them, and I don't expect much.                 
The design of these is such that they try to minimize Wow factors. They're supposed to be unobtrusive, like most business music reinforcement speakers. They're fairly rugged, fairly loud, fairly light, and very utilitarian. The wow factor is that they do their job.                 
These are kid-sized powered P.A. speakers that put out 80w (peak, I think, I imagine it's 40w program). Smaller than a shoebox for an adult foot, and a little over 10lb each. 5.5in driver with a piezo tweeter. They also come with hardware to mount to a wall. 
There isn't a lot of reviews on this Speaker. I bought 4 of them for a Meeting in a tennis clubhouse with 300 ppl. It was just used for voice and light music. I was blown away by the sound of these! The rooms were 40' x 60'  with hardwood flooring  and had 2 in each room. It filled each room with clear clean sound. In my sound test with music, they played louder then I expected. The music was clear, clean and punchy. Now you won't expect booming lows to shake a room, but these will make you take a second look. It had me thinking you can do a small wedding reception with them if you add a behringer 12" powered sub(s) they would do top ends nicely and clean and clear. You could also use one Speaker with just a mic for a simple PA. 
I had these running thru a Behringer XR12 AIR Mixer which is an awesome piece of gear as well. I had them daisy chained from the mixer. With that setup, you can do most events from weddings to corporate events. If add more pairs to the system it just gets even louder and even coverage.  I was able to find tripod adaptors that I could mount them on top of tripods and this made the system more portable.  I packed 4 of them in 27 gallon tote storage bin ($ 8.97  Home Depot) with all cabling as well.
My settings on the speakers were set to 1 o'clock on the dial. Even with the loud music peaks during the test, it never clipped. Even when I pushed them they didn't clip, they just got louder. The speakers do have limiters in them to protect them. Per Speaker puts out 113db on my sound test. Which is pretty loud if you get 4 of them. You can only imagine having 4 more of them. 
Over all this Speaker does what they say it does.  It pack up easy and sounds amazing. I will be using these for a mobile sound setups. These are good speakers and can't say enough.                 
There isn't a lot on line about these speakers. You know what the ads say about them and what they do.( If you use these for just speech, you will need .5 watts per person times (x) how many people will be there. This event 285 x .5 = 147 watts needed to be heard clearly. So 4 of these will be more then enough.)  But I'm here to tell how I used them. I just needed some small and portable for just Speech and light background music, for a crowd of 285. THESE SPEAKER ARE A HIT!! These aren't made to be just permanent installed speakers. I used them as a mobile speaker with tripod adaptors for mounting on tripod stands. 
I used a Behringer XR12 XAIR mixer with 2 mics and 2 iPads (One to control the levels and sound of the mixer. The other for Music) and 4 Behringer CE500Bk. The rooms were 40' x 60' and it was 3 rooms of that size. Hardwood floors but the chairs were set up in only 2 of the rooms. This system was clear, clean and no distortion what so ever. It can be heard thru out the facility clearly!  I had the dials on back of the speakers set to 1 o'clock . During my sound test I played music that had loud peaks and not one speaker clipped! The sound check with mics were equally impressive. During my sound test it was giving me 115db standing at various points in the rooms.
The sound of these are clean and clear with a punchy surprising sound that will make you take a double look. I can only imagine what 8 of these would do with a 12" Behringer Powered sub. You can get to party levels with the right equipment.  
These are really good speakers. They can be tripod mounted with the Rockville mounts on Amazon for 8.95 a pair. You can pack 4 of them, with all cabling, in a 27 gallon tote storage bin from Home Depot for 8.97. These don't have to be just permanent installed speakers you can do other events like wedding ceremonies, school functions, lecture halls, corporate events etc.... But if you want a party these can do so. I used 4 of these and I'm very impressed. I will get 4 more for larger gatherings. If you add a sub, your in party mode with these. If you need something light and portable, these will fit the bill.                 
My controller does not work with any dj program and also the headphone jack does not work.                
I needed to replace my Presonus Monitor Station V1. I was a bit concerned when I received the Behringer Control2USB and saw how much bigger it is than the Presonus; this thing is big! At 15.5" wide the Behringer is much wider than the Presonus - it takes up more desk space. On that note, I can say this this unit appears to be built like a tank! BUT, once I had it connected and started using it, I am SO glad I made the choice to try it. To me anyway, it blows away the Presonus, both in function and sound. What I was considering a possible downgrade from the Presonus is actually an upgrade! The Presonus has no USB connectivity like the Behringer and that's a huge plus; it just adds more functionality since I work 95% with DAW. I seem to get better control-response from my monitors as well (I use KRK Rokit 8s + a sub) I get twice the SPL response without having to play with the monitor's rear settings. I am assuming this is because of the VCA control in the volume control. The ability to switch meters between in and out is very useful, along with the typical studio features like talkback and source select. I really love this unit, even if it is a behemoth! I cannot say whether or not this matches the Presonus Monitor Station in actual sound reproduction quality, but I would have to say that it's pretty darn close. From the softest interludes and effects tails, to full blown screaming guitars, I can hear it all in detail the way I need to. The only drawback that I can see at this point would be lack of headphone outs - only two, where the Presonus has 4. The wow factor? Well, if you compare the price to features - I said wow! This is a real deal in today's music world. If you need to save some money but do not want to sacrifice real quality, this is a good choice! This unit will be setting on my desk for years I'd bet.                
It really (for lack of a better word) de-craps my playing.  I'm not saying it's a insta-shredding machine, but it helps.  I can get some pretty funky sounds out of it.  I LOVE playing me some Skynyrd with this, gets that perfect Sweet Home Alabama sound.  Also helps solos cut through the mix when playing songs like Mama I'm Coming Home.  Gives pinch harmonics more presence in songs like Scream Aim Fire.  Gives taps more presence in songs like Crazy Train or One.  It also adds a WHOLE lot of sustain especially in areas I needed like the last note of the Nothing Else Matters guitar solo.  That note lasted forever!                
Price was GREAT.  The sustain is amazing.  The compression is awesome especially when you switch from single notes to chords and then the chords are WAY too loud.  Plus it adds a whole new dynamic sound.  The 4 knobs do their job to help you fine tune your sound.                  
It's pretty easy to use.  No real need to use the manual unless you're gonna use batteries to power this.  Just gotta use your ears to find the sound that you want, simple as that. :)  MY personal setting is

Level - 3 o' clock

Tone - 11 o' clock

Attack - 1 o' clock

Sustain - 3 o' clock

Great sound, distorted or clean.                  
No cosmetic blemishes.  It's made of plastic, but that's to keep the price down.  The sound quality is pretty great, especially for this price.                 
I've had this thing for a couple of days now and it's gotten a LOT of use from me.  Especially because I hate the fact that my chords are so much louder than single notes (i.e. Good Riddance - Green Day)                
I haven't needed any support yet but I called them inquiring the warranty and they were very polite.                
It's pretty sexy if you ask me. (;                
I wont say it's the BEST compressor out there.  But for it's price, it's unbeatable.  If you have the money, then by ALL MEANS get the Pigtronix Philosopher's Tone.  But this thing is AMAZING!                  
I used to own this compressor. I sold it to a guitarist who didn't like it very vuch. I'm buying one or two of them again for keyboard and program use. (I like my autocom 2-channel rack compressor also.) The sound is quiet and nearly transparent- a little "glossy, creamy, pretty". I think less of it as a sustainer, especially compared to Electro-Harmonix's Soul Preacher (of which I own two), but this is quieter, smoother and cheaper, more to my general liking. it's decently built, cheesy knobs and all. I't won't likely be anyone's dream compressor, but when one can use less than the ideal, it never hurts to have a couple in your effects collection.                
I do not normally use a compressor, but I got this because of the sustain feature. I am still tweaking the comp part and may be able to use it. The sustain feature alone is a value and is great for soloing & leads.                
Simple and easy to use. Put this little sucker in front of your amp and it will turn a good high gain amp and 4x12 cabinet into instant head banging machine. A wah pedal plus this pedal directly into the front input and abra cadabra, zipity zam wish granted.                 
I've had this pedal for a couple of days now and I like it.  Easy to use.  Easy to find your "sweet spot"  Sounds great.                
This is an item I've been meaning to buy for quite sometime and when i saw it for that price i had to buy it and what a great Purchase it works great i have already found many bad cables in my Stuff so im very glad that i got it.                
I'm searching for silence when I'm not playing notes or when I'm not touching my guitar strings/ knobs, etc.Some is surely caused by my home's circuitry.I have weeded out any noise-causing (some quite expensive!) guitar cables using the Behringer Cable Tester.                
I purchased this unit to test my cables because I was getting a intermittent signal. I was tired of playing around with cables trying to find the cause. After I got this unit it nailed it right off the bat. For this under priced little wonder you would be crazy not to get it, your pedals, amp, and guitar will thank you. This unit is idiot proof to run, trust me I am not a sound engineer and figured it out within a couple of seconds with the tiny manual included.                
The first unit I bought was flaky - sometimes gave different results on the same cable.  zZounds let me return it and have it replaced.  Now I'm in business.
I checked all my cables and found a bunch of 'em with one problem or another.  Now I'm trying to get the respective vendors to replace the cables. Ha.
I also found a cable that I thought was bad, but apparently tests out OK.
I bought this device specifically because of its ability to test flaky cables, i.e. "intermittent" connections.  Very valuable, IMO.  An added bonus is the ability to check whether there is a connection between the cable shield and the cable ground.  Only 1 vendor of all my cables has such, and I found some cables with non-functional or flaky connections there  as well - even though that doesn't prevent the cables from working like the cheaper ones, it does show that something is wrong, and it would be very hard to detect that without a tester.
This tester has already given me a boost in the area of "peace of mind", and that 's a good thing because bad cables at a live event can be extremely stressful -- because it's real hard to figure out which one is bad - and whether or not it's even a cable that's bad, or whether its' something else!
The only thing I'd like to add is some more cable types - like speakon.
Also, the manual is pathetic.  It doesn't explain the lights well.  You have to check around the internet - like YouTube - to figure out how to check 1/4 inch guitar cables, for example.  These check differently than XLR on the tester.  It's absurd that they couldn't do a better job with the manual.                
Behringer CT100 Cable Tester is a practical item for any audio professional to have on hand. If you use Audio cables there is always the possibility of failure during their lifetime. When your equipment is set up and you experience unwanted noise or no signal is when this tester becomes your best friend. Audio cables are usually the weakest link in any system. This tool will allow you to pinpoint a defective cable or determine that it is functioning properly and allow you to save valuable time diagnosing audio problems. It can also be used to check our cables prior to installation in a permanent application or periodically if your audio equipment is mobile. This unit will quickly tell you if you have an open connection or a short as well. One nice feature is the tone generator that allows you to send a signal from the output of any of the multiple plugs to your amp. allowing you to test a cable in a permanent installation or long run without the necessity of having both plugs in hand. At the reasonable price I paid for this it is well worth keeping it tucked away in my road box until it is needed.                
I have had this unit for 3 years now and never had a lick of trouble with it. I have tested dozens and dozens of differant types of cables and this has accurately identified good as well as faulty cables. As far as repairing cables I recommending checking the replacement jacks for faults. I recently repaired a guitar cable only to find out one of the jacks I installed had an internal short. Good tool for both professionals and amatuers.                
Wow what a life saver in the studio. I don't have to troubleshoot my whole studio when something is not sounding right just test a few cables and it's done. Very easy to read and with pink noise for a sound check. I will most likely buy a few more for travel or gigs.                
I have only had this thing a month now but I've used it to test every cable in the travel boxes of 2 bands and I've also used it to check my wiring in a 1-chance-to-do-it-right renovation project.The 3 x 3 continuity grid takes a moment to translate to a mental image of connectors and connections but the normal configurations quickly become familiar.Haven't tried the tone functions yet.Physically everything seems solid so far. I may buy a second one because it seems to be at the other site when I need it. Support not yet required.                
This is a great tool for tracking down problem cables. I showed it to our church audio guy and he's going to get one for the church.                
Excellent features for the price.  Unit seems well built.                
Easy to use... directions clear                
No more wondering if is the cord, or mic, or pickup. this one does it all.Great price and peace of mind. Every gigging band needs one.                
Ive been looking for a cable tester that the CT100 Has to offer. I will be addyng it to my set of important 'must have' pieces of test gear very soon.                
totaly useless, do not waste your money, you've been warned, unlike me.                
came with a piece of paper that didn't even explain anything                
it is in a metal case                
it is worhless, and useless                
i contacted them, they were no help, told me to tey a find a guitar technician, whom maybe able to explain how to operate it                
it looks good but does nothing                
i'm looking to buy a different brand                
I usually hate it when people write "I don't own this, but I've heard about it" reviews.  I just couldn't resist when I saw this.  I saw this thing immediately after looking at the Ebtech "Swizz Army Knife" and CRACKED UP!  They appear to be virtually identical in terms of features and exterior design.  This one's just silver instead of blue and costs less than one third as much.  I'm getting a pair of these before the lawsuit inevitably happens.                
Has similar features to higher-end testers costing 5 times as much! A little box that packs a HUGE punch. So many different test capabilities.                
Th UI takes some getting used to. Another review stated that he couldn't use the thing because there were no instructions. Well, if you are going to be using a more-complex tester like this one, then you should be technically inclined enough to work it as well. I don't want a newbie messing with my cables. Generally it tells you everything and more, but as with most testers you have to logically think about the lights and ensure that they are doind what you want. (ie. A correct XLR cable will have a up-to-the-right diagonal line of three lit LEDs. A correctly wired 1/4 phone TS cable will be a star (a number five on a dice)).                
Very good durable construction. I worry that the switches may break off when the tester is thrown around, but the tester is cheap enough to get another one if I can't fix it myself. The male XLR jack on my tester is a bit sticky, but my friends works just fine. This is not a problem just a minor nuisance.                
For $30?!?!?! This is absolutely the best deal you will find. If you have ever repairs cables before and only been able to test them through you board (yikes!) then this is a must! Plus for a nerdy technician you get a cool toy with blinky lights on it!                
So cool and so ridiculously useful. I have fixed around 15 cable and tested several dozen in the past month of ownership alone. A Super product.                
Like I've said; everything you could want and MORE! For only $30!!                
no sound                
Everything but a speaker and voltage checker.  There is nothing made that does what this does AND has those features.                
If you can't figure out how this works you should give up now.                
tbd                
na                
As a tech I don't care about cosmetics but this is small enough to add to my belt.                
I can't imagine what the heck happened with these others who have rated this item, maybe they got a lemon.  I live in land 'o gear, Los Angeles.  I'm a musician first and a tech second but I'm a world travelling pro in both.  I work in all kinds of situations from the studio to the stage to the field and REQUIRE reliability.  Hands down the most money (and the most pressure) is in television.  Me and my tech pals are hired because of our troubleshooting capability.  On one show I do, it would cost the network $300,000 per minute if we go down. With that much riding on the gig we are provided with the tools and the time to get it right.  Most TV techs use a Q-box which costs three times what the CT-100 does and has half the functions. This particular unit will take the place of three other testers I have and one or two that aren't even made. As soon as this arrived I started pulling out boxes of cables and right away found problems that I never would have detected so quickly or accurately.  The only thing it lacks is a speaker but, take it from one who knows, even for twice the ducats this unit is well worth the investment.                
I have been a touring guitarist so I have heard many PA setups. This box does the job nearly as well as other more expensive brands. Behringer cuts corners to deliver on the price (so do ALL of the other popular brands of gear thats how they make a profit) and while that may not be acceptable for some applications, it is fine to start out this way.                
The crossover and the input/output settings are the most used features by me and the delay/timing feature is not used because I do not need it.                
The learning curve for a virgin is a painful, tedious, frustrating one, but you MUST learn the fundamentals of using EQ, crossover and dynamic controls one day so you might as well jump in, I did. I admit there was some gnashing of teeth and cursing at first, but (thanks to Behringer customer service and QSC customer service -GX5 is what I use for my top cabinets-, I have finally grasped what it does and what I can and cannot expect to get out of the device. Like I said I am still learning, but in the past month I have been cramming like I haven't done since midterms and finals in college and it has paid off!                
It is made well. It looks hard as steel in the rack and I think it is made out of steel or at least aluminum. You would never want to drop a rack case, but if you did (god forbid) this thing would stand just as good a chance of survival as the high end expensive gear would.                
Yes. It costs a couple hundred less than the DBX box with similar specs.                
Yeah I was. I have heard that it varies, but the guy I talked to really knew his stuff. Reminded me of another gear company with top notch customer service. The CSR at QSC had to call me back after doing some research, but the Behringer guy had the answers in his head (even questions about non Behringer gear)! He helped me set up my PA for the first time.                
It is in a dark rack behind the stage I don't know if anyone is paying attention to whats in there except for other sound people.                
This box made my life easier just as it should have. I don't want to go back to life without a loudspeaker management system. From FOH Behringer mixer to Behringer EQs one to mains one to monitors, then to a Behringer effects processor for the mains before going to the stage rack in back. Then, on to this box (which handles peak limiting/gate, crossover, EQ and compression when needed). The DCX is makes 3 stereo pairs of the outputs (outut 1- left sub, output 2- left mid, output 3- left high, output 4- right sub, output 5- right mid, output 6- right high) the default setup with appropriate settings and crossovers out the box. Changes are not hard at all even from the little screen on front. After the DCX a Behringer compressor, 8 channel DI box and a sonic maximizer are available, but not used for the main signal nor the monitors. I am a beginner at this, so I have no other speaker managment systems to compare this to. However, I do feel that this product and the entire line of Behringer processing gear in the same line, make a great starting point for a new sound guy. With the price I was able to fully equip my PA and as I learn and grow I can imagine I will then have a better basis to choose if the more expensive brands offer enough ROI overall.                
We are using the DCX2496 in an installed system at Church.  We have several sets of speakers at different distances from the front of the church so each needs a different delay, and each needs a different cross over frequency.  This fits the bill perfectly.  Clean sound and relatively easy to set up.  And it is the most flexible box on the market.  The user manual was a little confusing because it highlighted the automatic self determining delay feature.  Once I contacted Behringer and received a simple instruction for manually setting everything, setup went quick and easy.  The price is expensive for Behringer, but half the price of a Drive Rack which can not do what I needed.

Being able to adjust the gain of each output was a nice feature.  It allowed me to match all the speaker volumes from the same piece of equipment.  The "Sum" intermediate channel turned out to also be a useful feature in that it allowed me to adjust the volume of several sets of speakers with one adjustment.  The average user will not need this, but it is available and very handy.
                
The manual portion of user interface is set up more for a technician than a "player".  As an engineer I felt very comfortable with it.  It is intuitive so I can go back any time and re-adjust things without consulting the documentation.  Can't speak to the ease of using the automatic setup features.

The product is solid and does not generate a lot of heat.  So I expect it to last 10+ years.  Since it is all digital, there are not a lot of knobs and sliders to fail, and what you hear today should be what you hear years from now.                  
If you need the features of this product it is well worth the price.  And it has the ability to be configured to just about any situation now and in the future.                 
We have over a dozen Behringer boxes in our audio systems.  Their relatively low price has allowed us to spread our limited budget.  The equipment's quality and reliability are about medium.  The one time I emailed Behringer with a question, I got an immediate and thorough response.  Very professional.  

Huh?  This is a piece of rack equipment.  I don't care what it looks like!  I'd rather the money goes into reliability, not appearance.                
This should outlast everything in the audio system.  Don't have any plans to replace it or to get a backup.                
Hi I have not listened to the DXC2496 yet, but I have measured its performance. The unit performs miraculously. according to my measurements.

The unit will be used to TriAmp my K2 Klipschorns. That is going to be long project. Probably months.                
No Accessories                
A little hard to use, you have to be technically oriented, which I am.                
I found two problems so far. The linear regulator ICs run quite hot, I added a couple of heat spreaders to lower the case temperature of the regulators.

The second problem is that the RS232 port is not wired according to the RS232 specifications. The unit does not use the connector pin ground for signal return but rather the connector shell This I have not fixed yet.                
Yes it is worth it's price, It would have cost me a lot more to design it myself if I ever could.                
Got firmware upgrade from Behringer Website. It is difficult to find this unit on the website. The connection through ZZound, however did work.                
Technically this is a marvel, but not designed for the less technically skilled person. It is hard to follow the manual, and the operation is not intuitive.                
When I get it all to work like it should it will be used untouched for many years, bu this is a research project.                
Fast shipping with a great price on this DCX2496.
Very flexible controls to modify or experminent with different frequency/slope/delay settings for your speakers.                
I do not own studio monitors and as an MP3 DJ sound quality isnt on the top of my list. No sound creeping into the next channel as I was warned about from others. 24khz digital sound quiality so its gotta sound good. PS: not an severe audiophile but wont accept anything under 320 kbps for mp3.                
EFFECTS EFFECTS EFFECTS! When I started DJying I relied heavily on effect, the two processors they throw in are awesome. Lots to play with and many parameters to tweak to customize our sound. Kill switches are awesome! Havent used the sampler too much. I gave this an eight mainly because i felt they could have done just a tad better on the quality of the effects, the pitcher mainly.                
This was my first DJ mixer ever, EVER! Got it last year for xmas and haven't stopped using it since. READ YOUR MANUAL! This is the biggest thing, you opbvilously can figure out wat the faders and eq knobs do because its common sense, defiantly an awesome mixer to grow with, you learn something new everyday.                
This is my biggest gripe but you get what you pay for. The system feels cheap, the knobs are plastic, the faders don't have alot of resistance so to me it didnt feel solid like a PIO. Never the less that shouldnt stray you away from this thing, it is a beast. The layout is intuitive and well thought out. I actually had a DELL desktop fall on top of the mixer due to car whiplash and it survived only with a bent pan knob, other than that everything else was fine, can't say the same for my numark cd players. I have been beating this thing up for a year and I play with it at least everyday for 1 or more hours so I have but alot of stress on this machine, when things started acting wonky (midi stopped working, eq kills were not as responsive) support was simple (please read below)                
I would recommend this product to any dj at any skill level. it has all the features you can ever want and then some. 400 bucks for an awesome mixer, awesome support and an awesome experience. Even if you already own one and need a back up consider this thing.                
IF I CAN GIVE THESE POEPLE AN 11 I WOULD! Behringer support was easy, simple, and freindly, and the folks at zzounds.com were awesome too. zzounds allows you to download a copy of your receipt in pdf format. when you go to your support center at behringer.com you can fill out the form attach the pdf and ship it out when you get your RA number. The prossess was simple. On top of that I had a gig coming up, I informed behringer that i needed it for my gig on the fifth, they got it to me by the 3rd, three day turn around once my product made it to the warehouse.                 
Not extremely sexy in my opinion but the layout is clean the flashing buttons are perdy and all black makes it look professional. I use this with a macbook and they go hand in hand looks wise.                
if i had the money I would obviously buy something with alot more knobs and faders like an Allen & Heath, but this thing i would defianlty buy another one in a heart beat.                 
I have had this mixer for @ 2 years now.  I have never had a sound issue with it.  No audio bleeds etc. The thing I have had problems with is LED's going out on it.  I have multiple non-lit buttons.  Reading on the internet, I have not seen this issue.  Seeming Isolated I will replace it soon with my 3 year warranty I purchased with it.  I think it is more aimed at the home DJ for the chance to be able to express, but I also believe if a PRO were to use it for a while they would drop the stereotype!  On that note, proper use, and knowledge of this mixer will actually give you lots more features than most of the big high dollar mixers!Just because you use Pioneer, don't make you Tiesto!!  Keep Spinning!                  
I've owned this mixer for over 4 years and made over 100 mixes... You can't find another mixer with this many features...even if you spend $2000. I price is incredible where I was able to purchase 2, just to have a spare. And after 4 years my new spare is still in the box, because my original is still going strong. I would recommend this mixer from the pros to the beginner. My only warning is that you will need to spend a couple of days to learn all the features...because there are so many.                
It's like the Zone 92 and the P 900 combined.  I like the fact that I have two separate FX Channels.                
This item had tremendous promise. It has the features of a much more expensive mixer. It, feature for feature, is comparable to a the pioneer DJM-850 which costs four times as much; however, my unit was defective. After about two weeks of use, the mixer would emit a loud pop, and would no longer separate channels or control volume; everything was passing through at full volume. The cross fader wasn't working nor the up faders. The first time this happened, it was the night before a performance. I didn't think anything of it, so I restarted he mixer and kept practicing. The next day, the day of the performance, the mixer malfunctioned in the aforementioned way three times during a two hour set. It was alarming to me and the attendees, and it marred the event. Needless to say, I was really unhappy. But, the guys at zzounds.com accepted my return, and I am now the owner of a fine Pioneer DJM-700.This unit is probably not for professional gigs. It will work for the bedroom DJ whilst getting his/her skills ready, but is not reliable enough nor does it possess the sound quality for use in front of any sized crowd.                
Bought it 14days after it was released in my country. Believe me, the sound of this product is outstanding, it's digital!. Much headroom.                 
It have all the many features a professional dj or club needed. I'll give it a 9, because of lack of a compressor/ limiter on the output of the chanels. This features is included in the mic function. The ultramizer is excellent.                
Easy to use. If you can read, you can cook.                
Here we comes to a small shortcoming. The internal and  sound of this unit is outstanding, but the faders/ pots knobs, and the pots are made from a light plastic. The faders are all optical, which make it noise free. This unit is the perfect one for the road also, because it's light in weight.                
This unit is the price worth. Look what cost a Pioneer DJM800. Almost 3 times more. It's not worth it.                
Not on the moment. The unit is with me for 1 day. Til now, no problems.                 
I'm happy til now. Will see what it can do on the road. I'll take my Yamaha 01V96/2 with me, incase?                
I think this was the last buy for me. This unit looks like if it can live for a decade or 2. The price was best. I think it will increase later. It features everything I'll needed.                   
It's a Masterpiece.                
I'll give it a 9 earlier, because of lack of limiter/ compressor. You don't need it. The Ultramizer function included in the effects does it.                
As I say, If you can read, you cook !                
For such a low price the quality is outstanding. Some hardware  components as pots is of good quality plastic. Not need to be of metal. Don't worry about this. I'm in the electrical business, so I know it.                
You cannot get a professional digital mixer for this price. It have optical faders, so no noise, and a digital LCD display.                
I'll tested this baby for 24hours now. It rocks!!. So.. dont't need support on the moment.                 
I want no other mixer for Professional DJ work. It's a Masterpiece. You keep it til you die.                
I't Rocks!!. Still 24hours nonstop. Love it. Sound/ effects/ faders..                  
the actual sound is ok, not bad but not really good,

there is a huge problem with this mixer,

it does not have a volume control for the microphones, so when u turn on the microphone and there is a song playing, the microphone is so loud, and u r not able to control it by itself, u r able to control the entire main output,

BIG PROBLEM - I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS MIXER TO ANY DJ!

ALSO,

I've tried contacting behringer for this problem, 

they have never responsed back,

i sent multiple emails and never got an answer.                
doesnt worth it, simple as that...                
I've tried contacting behringer for a problem, 

they have never responsed back,

i sent multiple emails and never got an answer.                
The sound of this machine is best suited for long, ambient pads and massive unison saws. The effects are stunning and bring out the true character of this synth. The amount of control you have over each effects parameters let's you fine tune this machine in infinite ways.                
This synth has the standard synth fare, yet with a few add-ons that pack that extra "oomph" The oscillator section is fairly limited. Osc 1 has sawtooth and square wave options, with pitch and pulse width control. Osc 2 is square wave only, but has extra control over tone, level and pitch. The filter has a couple tricks up its sleeve. The main VCF is switchable between 2 & 4 pole low pass. Control over cutoff and resonance is pretty smooth. Not much "stepping" and is quite colorful to the sound. Then there's also a high pass filter with a unique boost function. This is great for coloring your sound with dual filters without losing valuable low end. There's 3 ADSR envelopes, VCA, VCF, and assignable, all having control over the curve of the envelope. There's a dedicated slider and menu for VCA settings, as well as the in-depth poly/unison options. The arpeggiator is quite flexible, and even allows user patterns. The sequencer is a little different than a usual enter notes and playback type. You essentially set the steps in the menu then assign the parameters the steps are effecting in the mod matrix. This allows quite deep, rhythmic control of portions of the sound. Almost like having a 3rd LFO at your disposal with programmable shape. Speaking of LFO's, there's 2 LFO's with 7 waveforms each to choose from. Each LFO has a dedicated rate and delay slider. Last on the panel is the chord and poly chord options. Chord allows you to record chords for easy 1-note triggering. Poly chord allows you to record different chord variations and assign them to individual keys. Massively deep. The effects section adds a plethora of high quality effects to your sound creation pallet. Superior reverbs, deep delays, distortion, flangers... You name it, it's there. The mod matrix allows you to assign 8 source and destinations, adding much more control over sound creation, right down to modulating small details of effects.The back panel offers balanced audio outs, midi in, out and thru, pedal inputs, headphone, and USB. Menu options allow you to access midi options for both USB and WiFi. A nice quality keyboard, pitch/mod wheels, portamento and volume knob and octave control round out this fantastic machine.                
This synth is easy enough to use for beginners yet skilled synthesists will be amazed what this machine has up its sleeve. For those looking for a jumpstart, there's a ton of preset patterns to build off of and learn from.                
The Deepmind feels very solid. Solid metal chassis with nice wooden end cheeks. Sliders are somewhat wobbly, but they're sliders. Keybed is top quality. Pitch and mod wheels feel somewhat cheap and plasticy, but they do the trick.                
The Deepmind 12 simply blows away other synths at this price point. 12 voice poly analog at an entry level price. This is certainly hard to beat.                
I haven't dealt with Behringer tech support. But they offer a generous 3 year warranty, which shows they're committed to their machine.                
The wow factor simply comes from how much power you get from Behringer's first attempt in the synth world. There's a lot of people out there that like to bash Behringer for the quality of goods. This is just not the case here. Sure, the oscillators do lack in many ways, but I feel Behringer was incredibly smart in adding in "work-arounds" to those shortcomings to build a unique and cost efficient synth. I'm constantly impressed with the amount of sound and control you have here. Behringer created a winner.                
I'm sure that this synth will continue to surprise me for years to come. Behringer were incredibly smart about creating an incredible sounding synth while keeping costs down for the consumer. Impressive sound, build quality, & playability in a wallet-friendly modern classic.                
I put off purchasing this synth because I under estimated it. I thought this would be another one of Behringers attempts at trying to make a quality piece of equipment but this isn't the same old Behringer. The Deepmind despite it's low price tag is an extremely powerful synthesizer. I don't know of any other hardware synth that can mimic the sounds of a JX3P, Juno 106, Jupiter 8, Prophet 5 and Oberheim OB6 and a tone of other sounds in between. I can't even look at my Rev 2 the same anymore. I'm completely intrigued by this keyboard and just how much Behringer stuffed into it. Unless you're a professional or well adapted to programing synthesizers it's going to take a while before you can every say you mastered the deepmind. The abilities to make patches with the synth is incredible. It truly can be made to sound like synthesizers 3 - 6 times it's price range. The sound of the filters isn't cheap sounding but instead very rich sounding. I've been making patches left an right on my other synths but with the deepmind it really does take some time to learn because as it implies it's a deep synth. I only wish that it came with a tutorial video.                
It's no secret this synth is modeled on the classic Juno synth, similar DCOs with limited waveforms, however the 8 modulation slots and three envelopes make this a powerful synth that is a blast to program.  The limited waveforms are less of a drawback than it  might seem, as it gives the instrument it's own character.  Personally I am not crazy about most of the effects, but the routing options, including bypassing them, and the ability to control them with the modulation sources makes them a nice addition.  The fan is noisy, but you can turn down the speed to acceptable levels.  The keyboard isn't good, but it isn't awful, and considering the price, it is a non-issue.  The unit does not have a printed manual and you will have to download the Deep Mind 12 PDF as there are a lot of features that are not located where you expect them to be.  It is a great synthesizer and the price is not an indication of it's quality.                
I heald off on buying for several months. I read every single review I could find. I saw all of the horror stories. I read all of the Behringer hater, posts. Finally I ordered the Deepmind 6. All I can say is WOW! THIS THING SOUNDS AMAZING! I learned the mod matrix, edit functions & effects menues. This thing is deep & diverse. Nice warm analog tones. Good keybed. Nice control surface. Built like a tank. Behringer claims that the Deepminds are the most sophisticated synthesizers ever built. I believe it. I have this synth producing sounds like several old school much more expensive keyboards. My only gripes are that most of the presets are aweful. Way to much effects & unusable but with some tweaking, they can be improved. Some of them are set to trigger as soon as the patch is selected. They have the LFO singing on its own. Easy enough to stop in the mod matrix. Several of the presets are duplicated throughout the 8 banks of 128 presets. Other than those issues, which do not reflect machine but rather the abilities of the patch (or inabilities) of the preset creators. Bottpm line is I LOVE THIS SYNTH. Best buy I have done in 2018. Glad I finally pulled the trigger.                
This thing is sonically amazing...rich,full,deep,low,and gritty.I love it                
Although there are some things to like about this board, I can't recommend it. And will probably return it.
First, the sounds: Yes, there are many "interesting" sounds, which may be quite useful for sound effects, incidental music, etc. But out of more than 1,000 sounds, there are only a handful that are "musical" or sounds that I can place in the context of "songs." That's not much of a recommendation.
Thankfully, the editing possibilities are extensive, making for at least the Possibility of creating good sounds.
Then there's the unit itself. I'm surprised no one has mentioned that it has a NOISY FAN! Maybe Behringer fell asleep in the 1990s. We don't have noisy fans anymore, certainly not in music gear that requires us to listen to the SOUNDS. What were they thinking? This alone is a deal-breaker for me. I'm surrounded by keyboards, and the only one I hear growling at me is this thing. It's gotta go.                
From the compressor to the expander and all the eq possibilities available, my tone went from"eh not bad, I can deal" to "it's tight and punchy and no fizzy hissy blah, I love it!"                
Best features have to be the parametric eq and the compressor, those shaped my tone to get the perfect punch to cut through the mix for home recording ideas and practice and gigs. Least useful (for me anyway) are the feedback destroyer and stereo widener because the feedback destroyer eats some of my tone and I don't need the stereo widener for a mono setup                
It takes a lot of trial and error to get the sweet spot but that's with any setup and it's really your own personal preference. You'll be bouncing back and forth a lot to get what you want but the time spent is well worth it.                
Quality is fantastic! Behringer gets a lot of flack for shoddy products, but this device works wonders and it is an excellent addition to my rig, they did excellent!                
This eq is $300, I was wanting an axefx which is $3000. Just do that simple math right there.                
I haven't had any issues and figured the device out on my own, so I can't really say anything about support.                
Every guitarist that's a finicky with their tone as I am, needs one of these in their rig. I could never find the exact tone I wanted with the equalizations available on the pod alone. This fixed everything.                
Wow! That's all I can say! I added this to my rig to go with my line 6 pod HD pro x, and holy bologna it is a game changer. Using it as a dual mono setup with the left channel as a pre-eq and the right channel as a post-eq out into a carvin ts100 tube power amp and i have achieved tone nirvana! If you're going to use it in a stereo setup, I'd recommend positioning it after your fx processor or in the effects loop of your amp head.                
Already had one Behringer DEQ2496 Ultra Curve Pro purchased for $360 in 2005, got the second for another location--for only $299!-Thanks zZounds.com.                
I use these not for live music, but instead to equalize high-end music theaters.                
Learning curve is a good day the first time, you MUST RTFM, but once you have a basic understanding, it is very intuitive to use without a manual.                
Don't know how Behringer does so much for so little money. Lots of horror stories all over the 'net but I've been happy since 2005, no failures.                
Nothing to compare with, this unit takes the place of at least five individual and totally different units.                
Never had to contact.                
Behringer better not stop making it!                
10+ for the digital domain, no noise! 

Since I'm using it in a dedicated listening room, I'm a little more critical of the final sound and the onboard DAC isn't the best money can buy, but is more than adquate for the $300 pricetag. You can bypass it using the digital outs if a more refined DAC is available.                
Unfreakin' believable that they can cram so much processing into 1RU. PEQ, DEQ, DYN, LIM, fully controllable Image Enhancer, MIDI control, AES/EBU in/out, Optical in/out.... seriously, this is one of the last honest-to-God-bargains out there.

I would like to see it support the Width processing whilst in dual-mono mode, but at $300, I can afford a 2nd one just for that function.                
You don't learn how to fly a fighter jet after reading a manual. You have to get in a USE it, experiment, A/B compare, etc. This is no different. The layout is rather intuitive (I have no problems with it), but it's a complex device. The multi-function jogs are very helpful, but the lack of backlighted button text makes finding the right hotkeys a little tough in darker situations.                 
No problems. Worked out of the box. Fit'n'finish is good. I'd expect to get at least 10+ years out of my home use (after that, I'll shoot myself if digital controllers are where they are today). I don't have any concerns about the quality of this product.                 
I couldn't find anything close to this price that allows me to autoeq my room.                 
The best support is the support you don't need.                 
Yeah, it's pretty sweet.                
Since I can bypass the onboard DAC and select my own, I plan on using this for quite sometime. I'm extremely satified with the product so far.                
I find that this doesn't seem to color the sound in any significant, meaningful way. I'm not pushing complex musical program material through, mainly speech.                
More features than you can shake a stick at. To have this kind of functionality for the price is just unbelievable. It's clear to me that Behringer doesn't believe in disabling features that are already on a chip just so they can have several product lines.                
It took me a LONG time to really learn how to use the RTA and feedback destroyer/parametric EQ functions. I thought the manual wasn't particularly clear. It could have explained things in a more clear step-by-step procedure related to a real-world example.                
This unit started failing right after the warranty expired. There would be occasional static in the right channel. I eventually took the cover off and started poking stuff, and discovered that there's a ribbon cable joining two circuit boards. One end of this cable connects to a header, and simply disconnecting and reconnecting this cable a few times to wipe the contacts cured the problem for a while. I've heard of other manufacturers having similar problems with ribbon cables.                
I think that this product provides incredible value: all the features you need for a main house processor in one package at an incredibly low price. If you're willing to take the risk of failure (and now that you know how to fix it), it's a good addition to your audio system.                
I've had this unit for about 3 years. In spite of its problems, I still have it in my rack and still use it reguarly. I don't anticipate it failing any time soon, but should that happen I'd probably go with a DBX DriveRack PA.                
Simply outstanding no problem after  using over a year no overheating  Sound coming out  crispy end colorful  Thank You Behringer                   
I bought this one to do some room eq due to some nasty peaks on some frequencies. After a while I've decided to use it's DAC rather than the one of my amplifier (Denon 1804). Great for room equalization.                
I cannot use all of them... But there is one I would like to have:

It should downmix DTS and DD5.1 to two channels over the digital input or an option to bypass digital streams it doesn't understand directly to the digital output. What it does is that it mutes it on those situations and the RTA just gets crazy!                
Looks great. Own it for 12 months and no problem so far. I wish that they sold the equipment with the option not to mount on a rack. I use these machine for my hi-fi listning at home.                
For the room problems that I had before, the sound I have now and the cost...                
You should put an option not to rate this. I've no experience so I give it half.                
I already have it. I've even thought of buying two more to equalize my center channel, surround and subwoofer for 5.1 SACD and DVD-Audio. But by now I will stick to 2-channel for music.                
I will keep this until it burns out! Just kidding.                
Sounds neutral.                
This thing actually does more than the manual lets on.  You've got to play with it.                
No complaints - nice display - looks cool in the rack.                
You can't find anything out there that will do what this does for $300.                
Haven't needed any on any Behringer product.                
Great EQ/RTA - you've got to use it to understand it fully.  It will work as a stand alone RTA but the manual does not talk about it.  You can turn on the pink noise manually in the "I/O" section.                
I thought I had a VU meter problem. Emailed Behringer support, and they pointed me in the right direction. Just needed more drive to meet the VU input spec.                
The sexiest to a audiophile                
I bought 4 of them for my soundco.  Use them for FOH and monitor duties and they do a great job for me.  I originally bought 'B' stock units and two of them had display issues and were promptly swapped out for me.  One other had developed 'popcorn' noise after a couple months, but all were taken care of by Zzounds or later by Behringer.  Essentially, I got brand new units back and have had zero problems past that.                
The PEQ's do a great job of notching out feedback frequencies (never use the feedback exterminator-I'll find it myself just as easily) or  and room echoes (large hall corporate A/V presentations).  The delay features are terrific for multidelay lines for the corporate work.                
It can do some amazing things, but you have to LOOK for some of them.  The manuals don't explain some of the more hidden features like overall EQ gain or cut and delay resolution.  I found them accidently while working with them.  You can actually get delay resolution down to 1.4" when dialing it in.                
It seems to be a pretty good product overall, but their return policies should at least PROCESS the returned units so B-Stock doesn't get 'recycled' without thorough testing and remediation at the factory.                
Does one helluva lot for the $.                
Excellent!  Got a real live person right away, explained the issues and got an RMA within 3 hours via email.                
Outside of the Behringer 'stigma' that the sound snobs seem to perpetuate, I like it and I'd buy them again if I needed them.                
I'll replace them                
My DEQ is a RAM-modified (Reflection Audio Mods, in California) unit that cost $725 US and is used as a DSP-powered DAC in a 2-channel, low-end, Hi-Fi.  I've never heard this machine in stock form, but, read debates online as to whether or not it had stock high-frequency problems, so I played it safe. After break-in, I was extremely pleased.  Compared to my $200 Onkyo Changer (now the transport), the soundstaging is much improved 'cause of 3 things: A) the image was far better separated from the speakers than ever before - most welcome - B) the DAC's response alone, below 30hz or so, while lacking in the Onkyo, was completely restored, and, in combination with C) the extras, like the sheer flexability of the digital parametric EQ and the digital stereo width control, make for the most solid and widest soundstaging (and the most control) I've ever had.  The digital glare seems gone altogether and I can enjoy playing the system louder now(!).  Plus the digital expander works very well, too - not a hint of clipping or "breathing", also called "pumping", as with analog desingns.                
A tremendous amount of features.                
I thought this unit would be harder to get used to than it was.  Rather logical and intuitive, once you get the hang of it.  The manual gets you pointed in the right direction, but, doesn't go far enough into the details of "when" and "why" you use it - only "how", mostly.                
Mine has been without problems since I got it in February, '07, it's now June, '07.  Well, just one problem. When new, out of the box, my DEQ blew it's 1-amp fuse every time I turned it off(!).  I was told I could substitute a 2-amp fuse without harm.  Since then it has been fine, but, it remains a curiousity, to me, all the same. I suppose this machine to be reliable, but, I've read some comments about aggregious failures.  My firmware version is 2.1 and I can only wonder if Behringer has been working on reliability issues, all along, ever since version 1.2 - I dunno, but, here's hoping.                
This RAM-modified version has transformed my system.  My speakers are three-way towers with twin 8" woofer per side, but, moreover, they're sealed-box designs (26-28k)+or- 3db. That means I can EQ them without the usual problems with boosting response with vented designs (below the 3db-down point), such as drastically increased driver distortion and audible port noise.  My point is this, the very good response of my speakers to start with, together with the precision afforded by such a great DIGITAL, parametric EQ, means, in my case, I no longer have to consider buying a good, powered subwoofer(!) - probably saving myself about $1,200.  A Swiss-Army kife, when it comes to DSP, and a great-sounding, RAM-modified DAC section.  For $725?? Are you kidding me?  I'll take it!                  
Have not had to use it, yet, but, from what I gather, it's fine if you want to ask a question, but, if your equipment needs repair...                
One of the most desirable feature sets for Hi-Fi.                
In absolute terms, the RAM-modified version's sound quality is very, very good - awesome features.                
the sound quality is pristine. i use it for live recordings and mastering.  great space saver. does the work of many other brands you have to purchase individually. if you know how to master, this is all that you need.                
for live pa, with speakers spaced apart, the time delay is a great feature to align speaker outputs, witht the stereo imaging feature, you can get creative and aim your sound at different target points in the audience, more eq's than you can handle, great digital out which offers ultra clean recordings and compatibility                
solid, well made, we shall see if it stands the test of time, in the studio and on the road                
have not had any problems, own other behringer products, no problems                
Very clean.  I often have to use one or both of the pad buttons if the signal is too hot, but it doesn't affect the sound quality.                
I was looking for a DI and I got a much more versatile device than I expected.  Two -20dB pads, balanced or unbalanced input, balanced out. Ground lift button to separate the internal grounds in case of noise.  It runs on phantom power, too, so you don't have to keep changing batteries.                
The unit is VERY easy to use -- plug and play.  The battery box was designed by someone with more patience than I have.                
I suspect you could drive over this thing.  I've dropped cases on it and it still works great. Very well made.                
You could get a passive DI for less, but the amp in this is very good and the control it gives you is amazing. I'll never buy another passive DI.                
It's got an industrial-looking ruggedness about it and it is very good at what it does.  Pretty desirable, I'd say.                
If someone lifted this from a gig, I'd waste no time replacing it.  It's great! I can't imagine it failing because it's built so well, so I imagine I'll have it for a long time.  I might have to give it a name ;o)                
It cleans up noise efficiently                
the pads are a lifesaver                
Replacing the battery sucks                
I got 4 for this price everything into the mixer is balanced                
haven't needed any                
this is a great Behringer product. Scary isn't it!                
VERY GOOD - if it works with your PA then the sound is good. Be aware that when you first plug it in, sometimes it gives off a MASSIVE SURGE through the board producing very intense feed back! This is one of the bad things about it.                 
It has 2 atenuators which are great. As stated, above watch out when plugging in!!! THIS IS IMPORTANT. The atenuators work well to cut down the hotness, but make sure and tell your board man power off your channel and bring it up gradually. If the sound is weak, PULL SLIDER ON BOARD TO OFF POSITION, and then click one of your artenuators off.. do them one at a time or you could destroy your PA speakers. This is the only 1 problem with this unit but it is a big one!! Take heed or pay the price!!!                 
Self explanitory. it has many inputs types to accomodate many applications.                 
I bought it  because it is built like a tank... One big improvement they could make is that the hole to install battery is very tight and small, and the wires going to the 9 V connector to your battery  are  very chintsy and over delicate. They should make them at least 2 inches longer, but again the cavity that the battery fits into is very tight and may not accomodate the extra length. This makes it a real pain in the butt when installing the battery. You have to be especially careful not to break the delicate wires.. But for $35 bucks.. what can I say more...                  
For the $$$$ you pay it meets all expectations                 
I have always found their support to be good, never used them on this product though... too simple no need.                 
The appeal is great, but again, it has its problems. It offers many different solutions 1/4 input, or xlr, 2 atenuator switches, a ground lift that really works, but has to bad features which destroys its integrity.. One is listed above - massive power to the PA .. follow my instructions above and you will be ok. Second -- I have found that on certain PA SYSTEMS --- THE UNIT DOES NOT FUNCTION. I never figured out why. Maybe Support may have answers. But I tried everything from switching cords, XLR to 1/4, atenuators, ground lifts... if it don't work, you're screwed.                 
I had this unit for 2 years and it has served well. but as I say, sometimes it is contrary with certain boards and just won't function. If you buy this, plan on re-investing in a back up for this reason.                 
I've been using these things for years and have given several away. At this price point it is worth sharing the wealth. The active circuitry is impressive and sounds better to me than passive DIs. The phantom power option is also great and saves on batteries. The only drawback is the small 9 volt battery compartment, but I don't foresee changing it that often. This is a great DI for a great price! The thing is built like a tank. I haven't had to use the manufacturer support so I didn't rate that one.                
I am running a Korg Krone at my church and for the life of me could not get rid of the annoying buzz that followed once I turned keyboard on. I have used several passive direct boxes and have had little luck. However, when I tried this active direct box, I was blown away by the silence. Even at high volumes, lowest of lows and highs of highs, I experience not added sound just that of the keyboards voices. Amazing product!                
I'd say the sound quality is neutral or clean pass through in a live situation.                
Most useful is the flexiiblity of this device. This is used in live open mic setups where there is a constant stream of change.  One guitarist has a battery preamp, the next has only a peizo pickup, then one who has a DI output but it's 1/4",  then another instrument with an XLR out.  This box handles them all, easily.                
Plug in, adjust gain on instrument, adjust gain on mixer, then play.                
Rugged.                
It's a bargain! You could spend a lot more, but in a live sound it won't sound any better.                
Never a problem with these.                
It's heavy, so it stays put. Has a light so you know it's on. Stackable.                
Love these. With this you can connect anything to your live sound system.                
Simple machine. I run an acoustic guitar through it and use 10db attenuation and the sound is very clean                
I have used this direct box in a couple of different studios in the city that I live in.  I remember first thinking, "Great...  ...a Behringer direct box?!?!" when I first saw it.  Behringer isn't exactly known for quality...  Anyway, hooked up, played, and was VERY please with the tone!  The tone was clean with little (if any) noise.                
Well, it has features that a good DI should have...  :)                
Plug in instrument, plug in XLR, play.                
I have been impressed with this product when I have used it.                
After having played through this DI, I would have expected it to be much more expensive!  Very good deal!                
n/a                
I don't really want it because I have a passive DI box that is still working, and I usually run directly into ProTools when recording sessions anyway.  The few studios in the area that still use analog mixing consoles have their own DI's, and I just use them.                
This is an excellent product at an excellent price.  Having recorded at premier studios such as The Process and Underground Sound Recording Studio, if this item is good enough for them to use, I know that it is good enough for anyone else.  If you are looking for a DI, this is an excellent buy.                
Puts back that which was missing...for the price...come on excellent.                
The phantom power supply is very nice to have....clean.                
This was made for the busy musician,no doubt.                
Very good product                
Not yet ,but who knows                
We were getting distortion when using with a bass off of a bass effects processor.  Also distorted with digital V-drums.  Distortion is worst if the pads are used.  We went to a cheap passive box and the problem was fixed.                
Tends to hum and hiss when pushed.  Tolerable for live situations, but not that useful in the studio.                
No jack for ac adapter.  Phantom power is a life saver, though.                
Pretty easy to use.  One thing is not made clear - is the mic cord input balanced or unbalanced?  It says both in different places.                
On the surface, it seems to be very well made.  The internal parts have come loose a few times, causing its ultimate demise.                
A good, inexpensive di box.  Don't expect Pro quality or reliability.                
Never dealt with them.                
Rather have something that's reliable.                
Already looking for something with xlr input, phantom power, ac adapter jack.  Something more professional with less of a noise floor.                
Plug it in, push a button, play.                
Has worked well for a few months.  Let's see how it does for a year or two!                
Works well.  Does exactly what a DI should, nothing more and nothing less!                
Previously I said something about the thing not being able to get rid of static coming from my computer CRT monitor. I was an idiot. 
DI box has nothing to do with that function. (Turn the monitor off or point your guitar to a different direction)
And a comment about the LINK sounding better than the OUTPUT. I was an idiot again. Get a XLR to 1/4 in. if you want to connect this to an effector with only 1/4 in. output. 
The thing works very well.
And for what it costs, no one can complain.
I use this for my guitar recording, and this is the first machine that the guitar MUST go through!                
This is a wonderful piece of equipment.  I have run my bass as well as my acoustic guitar through it, and they both sound great!  Behringer has done a great job on this one, especially with the price!  I would recommend it to anyone.                
Sound quality is basically OK. However, it is much noiser than the DI100. This isn't a problem for guitar-level sounds, but for quieter signals can be a significant problem.                
The different configurations make this unit flexible. You can use it as two separate DI channels or you can use a single in routed to two outs. Being able to utilize phantom power rather than battery is a plus.                
The noise floor is too high for my application.                
Very good price. This would be a perfect unit if the noise level was as good as the DI100.                
Behringer responded very promptly to my email requests.                
it's justa practical addition to my setup.                
Didn't make much difference to my signal from my efx processor, other than attenuate about 10db and taking away a little mid freqs.                
Supposedly quite handy with the dual independant channesl and link options.                
Sorry, Behringer, but u call this a rugged sturdy product? It is extremely filmsy, doesn't even have rubber stoppers under it. It'll go flying if u kicked it accidentally. Mine had 2 extra screw holes left empty under it. Plus the battery compartment is retarded.                
Cheap, but doesn't do much either. I returned it after 2 days and got a GI100 instead. That's a much better product.                
Never dealt with em, but good site.                
No use for me.                
Took me 5 mins before I decided to move on to another product.                
My experience with the DI-400p reveals it is not ideal as a guitar splitter/d.i. for splitting a guitar to 2 amps or recording interface and an amp, or 2 interfaces. There is an extreme signal loss at the xlr output, when you hook up a second output cable. Suddenly there is barely any output at all.  What is really needed is an active D.I. box which can boost the signal back to zero loss, such as the Ultra-G. Unfortunately I already threw out the box and receipt, so it can't be returned.
Not sure what instrument this could work with, maybe a keyboard? If you only need the one output and have only one cable plugged in it works alright.
The positives: It's well built, heavy duty, simple design, small size. Ground lift switch is very effective. 
Get an active D.I. like the Ultra-G if you want to split the signal.                
the box operates as it should, with a sold transmission of the bass signal to the sound board. the signal is clear, strong, and precise. no loss of strength or chance of tone.                
I got to say I like the sound but it's not that loud.                
It took me a minute to get it, the only thing I needed the manual for is the list of effects.                
I was about to get a vmx but I was told for a little bit more I could get this. Over the other mixers in this range I was surprised at the features.                
It is a great mixer when everything is working right, but i had a few problems with the unit i bought. After 3 gigs the bass stopped coming through on one of the channels and the microphone sounded very bad. The microphone was very high pitched and it sounded like a similar problem to channel 1 when the bass stopped going through. So i didn't plug my mic into this mixer. I just plugged it into my controller and it sounded MUCH better. It it weren't for these two issues i would have kept the mixer. I loved everything else about it.                
the worst mixer by this company ... poor sound quality ... faders is good but cross faders is leaking a lot ...sound is not at all expressive...no bad quality..not compactable with any style...poor sound... poor for both live  and recording...poor sound in different settings... pioneer players... poor low quality ... pl improve crossfaders and improve in master volume and improve on fx...                 
faders are smooth                
it is simple and easy mixer to use                
the worst mixer by this company ... poor sound quality ... faders is good but cross faders is leaking a lot ...sound is not at all expressive...no bad quality..not compactable with any style...poor sound... poor for both live  and recording...poor sound in different settings... pioneer players... poor low quality ... pl improve crossfaders and improve in master volume and improve on fx...                
pl dont buy this                 
bad support in India ... no support at all takes a lot of time ...                
bad mixer no appeal at all . too bad mixer for club live and recroding.....                
not satisfied with this product since i brought it  .... i will replace it as soon as possible. i will replace it with allan heath ...                
good but it is not very load                
has built in fx                
the person that I know had the same mixer for many years                
You will get a lot more than you payed for                
it looks good but I dislike the way the crossfader looks                 
The mixer in my opinion needs improvement on the efx panel not good or helpful selecting the efx and really just taking up space ,then the fader,line sliders are just too loose ,u only getting usb aside from that it's just not a stand out mixer for the cost,of $250! Now the ddm4000 for $350 is the pinnacle of a deal ,and the mixer can compete with the pioneer mixers that coast $1800 ,see that's my opinion,and zzounds.com is great with customers service and the Web site is also easy to use for purchasing and tracking etc!                
The spring reverb in my Carvin SX-100 Combo has a harmonic in it which is an octave above the note. As I'm an aging wanna-be Jazz Guitarist and,typically use no distortion most of the time, that harmonic became really annoying.The DR-600 was purchased basically to replace the Carvin Spring Reverb which this Behringer Reverb is doing admirably. It just set it on "Spring" and adjusted it a bit and it replicates a Fender-ish spring reverb sound. I run it on this setting 100% as I would with the mechanical reverb unit and really can't tell the difference. The glissando slides on my Flatwounds are spectacular through the DR-600.This turned out to be a really good purchase.                
The range of features on this pedal is generous, particularly considering the price!  Lots of 'verbs to choose from, and all of them are useful.                
This pedal is incredibly simple to use[I didn't even crack open the manual!].  Turn the dial to the reverb style of your choice, and set the tone/level as desired.                  
This pedal is made of plastic.  That being said, it is sturdy enough to have on stage and not worry.  This is my second Behringer pedal, and if you take care of it it will take care of you!                
This pedal is an honest-to-goodness steal.  Awesome reverb sounds, for a small price.                
I've not dealt with the company, because I've had no issues.                
This is just a practical addition to my setup.  The reverb on a backup amp broke and instead of fixing it, I bought this.  I figured this way, I could use this reverb in many different applications[in my electric rig, for acoustic gigs, recording etc.]                
This product has surpassed my expectations.  It does what I need it to do, plus a whole lot more.  And, it was easy on my wallet!                
My new amp has an effects loop but no reverb. Using this pedal the problem is solved very nicely. Playing with the settings provides some interesting choices in reverbs and if one really wants to you can create some very nice soundscapes. For me though, I basically set and forget it, getting a very nice clean bit of verb to give the guitar some depth. And the price? Fantastic!                
The reverb on my Peavey Classic 30 is noisy as mot of them are.  I bought this pedal to replace that reverb sound I need on many classic rock instrumentals. The various sounds you can achieve with this pedal is amazing for it's low price.                 
The product provides 4 dials..that's quite a few for an inexpensive pedal. The dials allow you to get a great number of different reverb sounds. Also it's easy to get at and change the battery.                
This pedal is very easy to use. Just plug it into your effects loop and go.                
For the price of this product, I think the quality is fine. It's a plastic case, but if taken care of, I'm sure it will last a long time.                 
Great value for the money.  I needed a usable pedal and this really fit the bill.                
Haven't used it as yet. Product worked as advertised.                
I don't think any of my pedals has real sex appeal.  This one fits in fine and looks good in the loop.                
Very satisfied with the price, value and usability of this pedal.                
This pedal is an obvious homage to it's Boss counterpart but that's OK cause it works great sounds fantastic and has all the same features. The difference being that this pedal is housed in plastic, that being said is not to say it's going to come apart on you. Its thick plastic, the only weak link is the pedal switch the hinge is weak and the switch it activates is small and fragile. Not a problem for me I don't wail on my pedals just something to be aware of. But it's a great deal if you buy pedals for sound and they don't necessarily need to be built like a tank.                  
Almost all Beringer boxes are made of plastic and use the same basic shell. That is not a real issue cause they hold up pretty well. My main beef with this two fold. Least of which is the fact that when you turn on the power to your effects array, most Beringer boxes on automatically in the on position. Don't get that. Secondly and specifically to the reverb when adjusting the intensity of the reverb, the higher you turn it the more guitar attack you lose. By the time you turn it all the way, it's just an echo with barely any attack. I would never have use for that. Don't know who would.                
The first unit failed out of the box.  The blue "on" light is overpowering.  The battery access is a bad joke:  You pop a retractable pin out with a ballpoint pen.  It's hit or miss, and the pedal spring can go flying, as it's not attached!  This unit eats fresh batteries.  With a new Duracell, you get one hour.  Get the AC adapter.  So far, with the adapter, my second unit is hanging in there.  I put it face down, onstage, to keep myself from being blinded by the blue light.  On a positive note: The effects sound very good.                
The sound is amazing to me.. im running it through a Epiphone les paul custom and a crate halfstack.. it gives me the glowing push sound... and has beautiful angelic oohs and ahhhs sounding almost like a chorus when i run it with my soul vibe and original ibanez cs5 chorus                
i give it a nine because it doesnt have the surround reverb but i can put it through the gate channel and compress my sound with my digital pedal and nearly create the surround reverb im looking for...                 
very easy and very accurate i absolutely love experimenting with this pedal definately a cool pedal to have.                
not bad.. it isnt build like my soul vibe or my other metal plated pedals but it will be just fine i assume.                
to me its the absolute best bang for the buck as far reverb is concerned it will be at the front of my pedalboard for many yearsx to come.                
? i dont know a whole lot about behringer this is my first product from them but ill give them props for having such a affordable pedal and useful at the same time                
not the sexiest pedal i own but it does the trick with its sound                
ill hang on to this pedal as long as i live i dont believe in trashing something like this even if i find a better reverb pedal im 25 and kids these days dump out pedals because they have a better or newer one... one day down the road these era pedals will be worth something maybe even magical lol jk                
I bought this DJ mixer instead of a traditional mixer because it has many stereo inputs and PFL crossfade capabilities. Unlike a typical DJ set up, I use it with my synthesizers, laptop and drum machines. It's great to be able to cue up a synth patch or drum beat in a live sound situation and mix it in like a DJ would. It's a great mixer but I have 2 complaints: The construction and sound quality is not great, and the effects send and return is only for the first 2 channels. That makes no sense to me that you cannot add effects to every channel. If someone puts out a DJ mixer like this with effects on every channel I'll buy it!                
product is great and has a lot of options for me to use. it is very easy to use. also love zz sounds payment plans                
Noticeably noisier than my Mackie (with nothing plugged in).  But it's not really enough to make a difference when you're actually using it.                
It has everything you need for basic mixing.  The BPM counters are so slow and jumpy they're almost worthless, but then I don't like to depend on them, so that's not a problem for me.  Maybe balanced outs would be nice, but that's a minor detail.                
Only took a minute to figure out how to use everything.                
Hard to judge.  It doesn't "feel" sturdy, especially the crossfader.  But on the other hand I have not had any actual problems, so I can't really mark it down too much.                
Absolutely a bargain.  All I wanted was a 3-channel mixer with 3-band EQ kills and this was much cheaper than anything else.                
Never needed it                
Eh, it's like all of Behringer's stuff: it's not fancy or cool, but it does the job.                
If you want to do a lot of scratching, you might want to check out something sturdier.  But if you just want to do mixing and beat-matching, I highly recommend that you buy this one and save the money for records/CDs/MP3s.                
Works to my standards, which is just fine - the EQ is great (a little simple, but works perfectly.)                
Had just enough features for the price, great value - nothing shnazzy about it, but it gets the job done.                
Incredibly easy to use; a great and simple layout.                
I haven't had it very long, but I've used it heavily and it seems to be in great condition.                
Incredibly bang for the buck. Delivers everything you need for a simple rig at the right price.                
n/a                
It's pretty plain and practical, nothing flashy, but I don't particularily care about that.                
Great deal, great buy - Behringer did it well with this mixer.                
Did beat matching, long-mix style long time ago but still have all my vinyl. Decided to make a setup for some hobby playing. Ancient Numark mixer's fader was dying so need to get new mixer. Form factor mattered because it needed to fit in a custom case. Price not really an issue. Did bunch of research - then one day came across DX626 and just ordered it - at that price, if I don't like it, I can craiglist it or give it away.I'm mixing vinyl only, don't need effects, don't need a showpiece. Turns out - I like it a lot. Even hooked up 3rd turntable. BPM meter is useful - not for live playing - but for ppl who liked to write BPM on their record labels. High end models will have lower noise - but for practical purposes (not studio) don't think it will matter. Had to do a quick hack and removed some of the knobs - they still work but wont be tripped by accident.                
This mixer does exactly what I needed it to do. Great product and great price.                
EQUALIZER & EFFECTS MULTI PROCESSOR                
ALL INPUTS                
EASY RCA CONNECTIONS                
STURDY, SO IT WILL HANDLE A WHILE                
THANKS                
CHECKED OUT THEIR OTHER PRODUCTS                
ITS THE 3-CHANNEL THAT DOES IT                
IF I WERE TO LOSE THIS ONE I WOULD REPLACE IT WITH ANOTHER ONE                
I am just a recreational DJ so this is perfect for me.  The seperate Low, Mid, High are very distinctive and the volume control sounded really good whne pused to the limit.                  
The BPM counter looks good, but it is very slow.  Can be useful if playing each record one at a time and then writing down the BPM.  The extra channel is a huge plus.                
Took a little while to get used to the setup but everything is fine.                
It looks really good.  The knobs and switches slide very nicely.                
Perfect for the beginner or recreational user who doesnt want to spend a lot of money, but still wants quality.                
I havent needed to use this                
Looks high-tech.  No dazzling lights or state of art graphics, but I like it.                
I am very satisfied with this item.  I wish I would have known how slow the BPM counter was.  The third channel makes up for it though.                
The EQ's are a bit wonky.                
The mic input is non-standard, the bpm counters are pretty useless.  The three channels is a good idea.  No kill switches unfortunately.                
The cross-fader is absolute crap.  I didn't even use it for half a year before it gave out.  In general it feels pretty cheap and ready to break.  I had noise appear occasionaly when twisting the gain/eq knobs.  I didn't abuse it at all, I was pretty careful with it.                
It's very cheap but you get what you pay for.  This is about the only mixer in the price range with 3 channels but the bad crossfader is a deal-killer.                
I like the silver coloring but the plastic used for the knobs is a bit cheap and what's up with that crossfader for cue listening, why not use a knob?                
I would only consider it if you are really short on funds and need something now.  Wait a few months and save up for something that won't break so fast.  I wish it would have kill switches and the crossfader was more sturdy.  I wouldn't buy it again.                
I use an ECM8000 every weekend as an RTA mic to monitor the room from the FOH position. In addition to getting the frequency real time analysis I also get the SPL reading. This helps me put a set of eyes in conjunction with my ears of what's going on in the room and make the necessary adjustments to the "sound" of the room. I also use this mic as an ambient mic on stage for IEM's. Everyone can add as much "room" to their mix as they want. The flat response and omni direction pattern of this mic works perfect in this application. Based on how well this has performed for me in these applications and the price point - I typically recommend this mic for these apps. Oh yeah, I also use it in conjunction with various speaker management boxes.                
Good mic. I purchased this microphone for use with my desktop, MathAudio Auto EQ software and the Audiophile 2496 sound card for room correction. I am quite satisfied with the results. If you need a measurement mic on a budget, for the price, it's worth it.                
Even if this mic twice the money it is a bargain. Everyone needs some onmi mics in their mic kit, and these are tremendous. I have used a pair of these micing grand pianos and they are super. Depending upon how bright your piano is, a little less at 12-15K might be needed, but the naturalness of pianos comes shining through. I just finished a famale vocalist with piano accompiment and people and the customer were shocked at the results. If you know what you are doing Behringer makes achieving great sound wihtin the reach of anyone with a few bucks. Highly recommended.  At this price it is a no brainer.  Jim Tavegia atlantaaudiorecording.com                 
Great sound.                 
Small size makes it very unobtrusive.                
it is a bargain at this price.                
As an engineer it makes my job easy. Put it in place and hit record.                
I will always keep 4 of these in my mic kit.  I already owned three and this weill give me 4 to do any stereo project i want.                  
Pretty accurate despite the Behringer name. Close to an Earthworks at 1/6th the cost.                 
Calibration mic. No more. No less.                
Pretty good and rugged. Just put a piece of tape over the Behringer logo and you're good to go.                
For those looking for a cheap calibration mic without spending $2k, this is unbeatable.                
Good. No issues.                
If you need a calibration mic, it's awesome.

If you want to record with this microphone, you're a moron.                
Great for the money. Pretty close to Earthworks calibration mics that cost 6x as much.

Very useful if you want to tape down some measurement mics in the audience for a live show and don't want to cry if an audience member opts for a five finger discount on one.

It can't handle the max SPL of earthworks or other high end options, but for most people its range is more than enough.                
Excellent sound quality and produces great bass reflex. I use this for DJ and KJ purposes and it pushes quality sound to my two Peavey DJS4 speakers.                
Not many features for this unit, it's simply plug and play with twin output controls.                
Extremely easy to use, simply plug and play.                
I've had this unit for two years now with no issues. Unit appears to be well made, heavy and sturdy.                
Great value! No other manufacture comes close to producing such a high powered unit at such a low price.                
Haven't had to deal with the company on this product.                
Very sturdy unit, black in color and rack mountable.....as a DJ I can honestly say that when first installed and fired up it was a real turn on!                
I expect to keep this product as long as possible - if it fails, I'll replace it with the exact same model!                
I just got mine via fedex and was very impressed with how quik and accurate the delivery was. I am pushing an 8 ohm, 800 watt r.m.s., 15" Peavy Low Rider sub in a 6.5s.f.vented enclosure well insulated and etremely strong. At the dial set at half the amps power,. the speaker wants to break out of the enclosure. The bass power this beast puts out when in bridge mode is unlike anything I have listened to in that price range. I may have to purchase a Low Rider Max. I should have purchased the EP4000. This is not the amp for people with bad backs. It is very well built and weighs over 40 pounds.                
I bought my first two EP2000 units back in January of 2010... six years later .. still running as good as the first time. I am buying new ones now because I don't like to tempt fate, as backup amps now..I'll be surprised if I don't get another 5 years at least.                
This amp does pump out some Power to my 2 -- 18inch EV SUBS. After looking up the setting on the Internet for the switch mode on the rear of the amp . when I got the switch mode corrected for my setup , I am Very Very pleased. zZounds, thanks for being there!!!                
I just bought this amp and i put it to the test the following weekend Djing outdoors at a festival. I pushed my equipment to the limit without any problems at all. I spun records for 7 hours and played it loud and this amp paired with the EUROLIVE VP2520 speakers made me a believer in Behringer... Great Job!                
After purchasing an EP4000 from a friend, I chose the EP2000 to drive a pair of 8 ohm 400 watt Crates exclusively. It delivered. I've beat the EP4000 pretty hard doing outdoor shows without ANY problem... Heat. noise, clipping, or otherwise... For the price, I can easily compete with the bands that go deep in their pockets for comparable power. Though I have rated manufacturer support high without ever using it, I'm pretty sure with this distributor, I've found a winner.                
This amp kicks but!!! Swapped out my Crowns for these. At 2 ohms the Crowns would get hot. Not these EPs. They were cold to the touch. Fan is loud, but it keeps them cool, plus the amp racks are up stage and I am FOH, so I don't here them anyway.                
I am really pleased with the performance of this Behringer Amp!  I am powering two Carvin LSx2153's.  (The power rating of the LSx2153's is 800prog/1600peak - manual states 800cont/1600prog/3200peak)and the sound is really clean with the BEH EP 4000.  The cabinets are "true three way" series, and the EP 4000 does an excellent job.  I tested the unit at 40% with the clip limiter on, and the low cut filter on set at 30Hz.  The EP 4000 does exactly as it was designed to do!                
The "built in" accessories are the clip limiters, and the low cut filters.  They perform as expected.  Great job Behringer!                
The dip switch diagram is printed on the back panel of the EP 4000 for easy reference.  The manual included with the EP 4000 does an excellent job explaining the multiple scenarios of how to utilize the settings of the dip switches.  (I had this amp up and running within 30 minutes out of the box!)                
The quality is great!  The BEH EP4000 is built solid!  Cosmeticly, it has the design of any other professional amplifier.  One down side is that this unit is HEAVY! You definately are gonna want a rolling rack, or portable rack and have someone help share the load in weight, or safety purposes.  (It is not EXTREMELY heavy, but heavy enough to warrant proper handling...)                
The current price is set just right for the BEH EP 4000, in that if you are looking for an affordable AMP is plenty of power, you definately can not go wrong with the BEH EP 4000!  (just between you and I, I have it on good authority that a competitors AMP rated at 7000 watt - 3500 per channel peak [priced at $799] has not performed as anticipated.  This was shared with me by a fellow musician that purchased their unit new two weeks ago)                
I don't have a rating as far as "support" because the BEH EP 4000 perfomed great right out of the box.                
I own it, and highly recommend the Behringer EP 4000 for anyone looking for an affordable "beginner" amp.  Definately worth a try.  I'm glad I did.                
I have used other professional equipment, and in my opinion, the BEH EP 4000 is a great, afforable and alternative investment to the higher priced AMPs that we sometimes want right NOW but don't always have the funds for them.  I plan to add two more LSx2153's to complete an small system for smaller gigs, and DJ work.  I too was leary at first, but for the price, the BEH EP 4000 is a smart investment.                
i bought one of the ep4000 amps bout six years ago and the only problume ive had with it is some one left my systim on for two days and i had to let it cool off before it would come back on. the amp works fine and i have ran this at 2ohms with no problumes. some people say you get what you pay for but really how do you know your not getting rip from the big guys. Ive learn a lot in the passed seven years big names are not what they seem to be and I will be buying at least four more of these amps. Thanks Behringer for putting a true value on your products.                
Having no prior experience with power amps I followed a bunch of prior reviews on infinite baffle subs that led me to purchase this amp for my infinite baffle. And yes it will power four 18" drivers quite nicely and with little effort giving that clean undistorted bass that I've been looking for. The only experience I can compare that kind of bass to is sitting in a cathedral that has a large pipe organ and when played rattles the seat you are sitting in.                 
This amp is perfect, It has the extra power I need to push my speakers,It's twice the power of my old amp. Running them at the same volume(Used a sound meter to check level)the sound is so much cleaner when your amp is not at it's peak. Over all very happy with this product.                
Would have liked sub woofer crossover built in, But I do like the low end filters that are built in.                
turn it on and turn it up !                
Looks really solid,(Built like a MAC truck)Haven't had it long but it likes like it can take some abuse.                
Best bang for the Buck!!!!                
Haven't needed any customer service other then a few tech questions that they answered for me.                
It's a power amp, it's practical addition to my setup, but it does look good in my rack.                
Should last a very long time,I will probably, buy another one (or two)to replace other amps I have. The quality of construction and overall sound can't be beat it for price especially. (I can't believe they sell them at the prices they do) If it where lost or stolen I would replace it! Great addition to my sound system                
The sound of this amp is incredible. Now that Behringer is using Toshiba parts I'll bet this will stand the test of time. The manual and the amp itself is self explanatory. IF you don't carry around your manual the back of the amp tells you all the settings.                  
I'll reiterate one thing the previous reviewer said...This thing is HEAVY..IT will take 2 people to carry this thing especially in a rack unless your rack is on wheels. I'm a decently strong guy and I was surprised how heavy this thing is...It is built like a Tank though so it will be durable..                
Manual and the back of the amp are very explanatory. All the settings are shown on the back of the amp for reference.
                
Much more durable than Crown and QSC IMO. And I have used or owned both...On the other hand I think Behringer likes to fudge a little on ratings and sometimes what they say the ratings for on their products are slightly lower.                
C'mon for the money you will be amazed at the quality and performance of this amp. I know most people snub Behringer products and in most cases rightfully so but they are moving in the right direction and you can't go wrong with this or any of their power amps.                
I don't know about the support I haven't had to use it.                
this thing is HEAVY.....not sexy at all....But the power is beyond Sexy...                
This is my only power amp now so I shouldn't have to buy another power unless this one dies. IT has more than enough power to need another amp.                
The sound is very good and I have a good ear for bass.                
It is plug in and play--XLR inputs and neutrik outputs, used in stereo mode. Real simple.                
I use a Behringer cross-over (good product) and adjust some of the sound levels with that. I use my mixer for other levels and finally a Peavey Kosmos for distinctive low end. The amp just reproduces what is sent to it and it does it well.                
It is built like a tank--steel box. So far, it seems to be very reliable.                
The old saying goes: you get what you pay for. I suppose I would have less worry about the amp failing if I spent $2000.00 on a QSC Power Light series amp. However, I was impressed with all of the positive reviews for the EP 4000. Time will tell.                
I have never dealt with Behringer directly.                
I like getting 4000 watts for $329,00.; This is wow enough for me.                
I had a Behringer EPX3000 running my Peavey 218 subs--was ok, except the finals blew out and the amp was not worth fixing. It is cheaper to just buy another power amplifier. I chose the EP4000 as I had read the glowing reviews on it. It is heavier, but with the transformer, I thought it would deliver a better sound. I was pleasantly surprised at the sound and headroom which is superior to the EPX 3000. For a dampening factor of only 300, it sounds much tighter and punchy than that. I expect it will serve well as the bass driver for my 3-way system.                
Just let it be                
None                
Very easy                
Little heavy but made well                
Very good price                
Not jet                
Its just fine                
I put the sound at a church festival for 2 days 10hrs @ day with the heat of 101 degrees in the I.E in Calif. Over 12 bands, mariachis and more. Im very happy we finish the job with honors.                
The amp sounds good.

Great sound quality, and a great amount of power.
                
It is a bummer that the only outs are those newer twist type cables.

BUT, they are better quality in the end, although not every speaker has those connectors available.

But it shouldn't be an issue with any newer speakers.                
REALLY easy to use amp. Enough said.
                
Great quality for what you pay.

Maybe not quite up there as 3,000$ QSC amps... But still unbelievable for the price... And who isn't on a budget these days?

This amp is the meaning of value.                
Never talked to them... Luckily never needed to.

I have owned this EP4000, and an EP2500 for a very long time, and never have I had a problem. No matter how hard I push it.
                
Well... I have one, lol.

ALTHOUGH... I really want another one.
                
Great amp, Great Price, Great quality, Great support and warranty, and I wouldn't have it any other way!                
These are some powerful amps I bought 2 of them and I use one on 4 15s and the other one for 2 18s. I normally use Peavy amps. What made me switch over is because I like Barringer crossover so I decided to try they amps I was very satisfied. I'm a Dj                
I'm amazed at the sheer power plain and simple. I have two Ep4000 running four 18" Sonic Subs with B&C 10000 watts RMS woofers and they do damage. I just provided the sound system this past Monday for the 2013 Barber Battle in Brooklyn, NY and the placed was moved. I was leary of pushing them but DJ Jazzy Joyce had all the power she needed and with and eye my trusting hand to check if they were hot. It not once displayed any rise in heat. I give it a 10 because if you study the specs it out performs most amps.                
 ok for those of you that are sceptics about behringer power amps here is a little something you should know. On the net there is a audio forum that did a test for many different brands of amps QSC,Crown, CREST and behringer etc... The guy who did the test was a repair Tech for Crown for many years. Behringer rated there amps under lab conditions ie room temp at x degress, air flow etc.. in the real world with the testing done. the output of the behringer amps were still very very compariable to others and in fact did BEAT out pwr and THD or some Crown and and Qsc amps.. search for the article. See the amp looks like copies of Qsc and others and if you open it up the guts and design is the same as QSC. All in all I personnal have serveral of these and in bridge mode they are at 2100 at 4 ohms THD is .2 % So NO you wont see the 3000 or 4000 watts clean as stated but still very very good power for about anything.. Dont be afraid of them.. thanks 
I bought one of these used for 150.00... WISH I could find another that cheap. A beast of an amp. Use care in speaker configurations! It doesn't overheat, the voice coils will... zZounds has the best price so far on NEW ones... I'll buy another for sure.                 
PURCHASED 2 EP4000 AMPS. SURPRISED ME VERY MUCH.I JUST DID SOUND FOR A FILIPINO FESTIVAL IN PASSAIC PARK NJ,9TH OF JUNE. USED THEM TO PUSH 2 BINS AND 2 FULLRANGE CABS..THESE AMPS REALLY KICKED.CLEAN SOUND.FOR THE MONEY, I THINK THIS IS A GOOD BUY!!!! I AM GETTING 2 MORE!!                
Had 2 liked them so much bought 2 more from here 2 days they were at my door I've used crowns and qsc and these are the best bang for the buck. I will be buying more when I start working on my monitor system.                
I give this amp a 10 as it delivers it's RMS rated power and does so cleanly and without distortion or added noise.  The headroom of the big Europower amps is amazing.                
Straight forward to hook up and use - no issues - comprehensive manual.                
For the price these CANNOT be beat - PERIOD.  I own two EP2500 and two EP4000 - they are very solid with zero quality control issues.                
Hands down best pro amp value avail.  Forget about the knock on Behringer making low grade stuff - this amp will hang with amps 4x the price easily.                
I recently purchased a Behringer EP4000 Power Amplifier to add it to my amp rack. I am using it to power my subs for plenty of overhead power. I have been using a QSC 1450 for my upper end and the Behringer EP2500 for the subs. I was so impressed with my EP2500 that I got the EP4000 for my subs and moved the EP2500 to my mids. Too Much Power for Clubs? not at all, just clean overhead power. It's great for my speakers, and our sound. AFBmusic.us                 
Who cares? It's a power amp.                
You can't possibly do better than this amp for even double the price.                 
It's a power amp...what features do I need? It has speakon and banana connectors, clip light...? What more?                
Plug and play                
Built as tough as nails...this thing is solid                
Can't do any better for the money                
Never needed it but I assume Behringer has great support so I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt                
I want three more!!!                
I am a professional touring musician. This amp is exactly what it is supposed to be                
I have a Beringer 400 amp that Ive had now for about eight months I am very happy with the qaullity of this amp I have had no problume with this amp and my sound systum is awesome all to gether I run 9000 watts of power 4000 of this is my beringer I would recomend this amp to any one who is looking for a all around amp                
Amazing sound. I just compared this amp against the QSC4050HD and NO ONE could tell which amp was playing which speaker. I had these amps hooked up to 2 Cerwin Vega EL-36B subwoofers. Drove them at maximum power for about 8 hrs at a wedding I DJ'd. At the end of the night I asked my collegues how was the bass, they said awesome, pounding! No one could tell I used a Behringer! Sounds CLEAN, no distortion or loud noise.                
With all the features built in as the limiters and clip monitor, you can't ask for more unless you buy a new digital amp like a Crown with built in DSP. The inputs and outputs are all an industry standards with 1/4" to Speakon.                 
Plug it in and GO! Tweek it later.                
BUILT LIKE A TANK is TRUE! Heavy and could probably take a beating, but I will keep mine rack mounted.                
For $350, is that not the best per watt average you can find?                
Honestly never had to call. Their website is nice and easy to use! LoL!                
I already own this. If I needed more I would defeniatly buy moer!                
AMAZING! Overall cheap, powerful, and durable. It has clean sound and loaded with features amongst the industry standard connections.                 
I use this amp as a power amp in a home stereo system. It replaced a vintage Carver power amp and is absolutely fine. I haven't found the end of the power band yet and have played it really hard. I love it and believe that it is the best bargain going today.                
I matched the EP4000 with my Beyma 600w RMS speakers (Beyma 15G40 woofer + CP380m tweeter) and the sound is incredible. Crystal clear sound at very high power. The amp had more than enough power to work these big speakers. Anyone that claims the amp is short on power has not matched the input (mixer / graphic) correctly.                
The amp has various mode switches on the back, as well as an easy aid descriptor for each.                 
Plug in and play.                
Build solid, which makes it a bit heavy, but solid.                
I dont understand why people feel like they have to pay a lot for an amp to believe it is good. If Behringer doubled the price they may sell more.

The electronic components of all amps cost about the same, except the power supply components (Transformer and large capacitors). To get the real full power from an amp, you cannot skimp on this, which is why this amp is heavy.                  
Unknown - Has not broken down                
I have it.                
I previously owned another 2000w disco amp and this one is far better. They both pushed out about 550 w RMS at 8 ohm but this one does not battle and has many more features.                
This amp is so powerful, you can push it loud without driving it hot!!!                
this amplifier will replace high end amps.more than you'll expect...i own three                
The Sound Is Good Really Good For A 350.00 Amp It's Priced Cheap And I Own 2 And Plan On Owning 2 More Soon. Any One Want To Buy My 2 Peavey Gps 2600's Cost 1350.00 New That's How Much I Like The Behringer 4000 Willing To Sell 2 Peavey Amps That Cost 4 Times As Much In Place Of Them. Believe Me They Are Powerful And Good Enough Sounding. I Give Them A 7 In Sound                
They Are Versitable                 
Don't Know Hope There Easy To Deal With                
I got one of these amps use it to push 2 duo 18 cabs@60 % and have no trouble im getting one more two just be able to set one per side and not worry ..                
i just got this amp used it one time so far it cliped 1 time im useing it to push 2 double 18 cabs ev it was hot  in bluigd ,so far its good going to try try it on 1 doulbe 18 at 70% is if it works good alone on 1 cab,like i said it was hot in bluidg.i will buy 1 more for the price its great note if you put  a fan put it in front of amp..
It's true this is a very good amp for the money but if it by chance breaks you'll be waiting up to a year to get it back as there are no parts available in the USA and this goes for all of the Behringer products I hope they resolve this parts issue. I would have given it 4-5 stars for everything however the repair issue is big.                
We us this amp in our church and it works really great.                 
Um its a amp and it works good.                
plug-and-play. adjust the settings and your good to go                
its worth the price                
never needed it                
you have to have it but it does look sharp                
For a long time                
I purchased this amplifier from ZZounds and when I got it in, the amplifier was defective. I returned it and I was going to get a replacement,but I needed an amplifier for the following weekend and ZZounds was out of stock for this amplifier, so I requested a refund, and went bought my EP4000 locally. If ZZounds could have had an amplifier shipped to me before the following weekend, would I have purchased it thru ZZounds? Definitely. I really do appreciate the professionalism this company has presented to me. Would I ever deal with this company again? You betcha!  Thanks ZZounds!                
This amplifier features your on/off power switch, and your channel 1 and channel 2 volume control. Which work great, over all (aside of the defective one I had, but that's really not a big deal to me since I was able to find another one and it worked just fine.)                
This amplifier is totally easy to use. It literally tells you where everything goes in the back of the amplifier. You can't go wrong with this.                
Though this amplifier is quite heavy (coming in at an estimated 40lbs, more or less), it is built tough and is made of quality parts. The product is very reliable. This amplifier can definitely be used "on the road".. I do it. The worst aspect is that it's so heavy, so for those who can't lift heavy amplifiers, you might want to try something a little lighter, but if the heaviness doesn't bother you, by all means, get this amplifier. You won't be sorry.                
Yes                
I have dealt with Behringer. No, they aren't hard to reach if you call during their normal business hours. They are very friendly. Yes, they told me it was my amplifier that was defective. No, no experiences under warranty outside of this one. No, no repairs or upgrades.                 
This is just a practical addition to my setup.                
I've been satisfied with Behringer for many years. You can't beat their prices. I bought this product because it was affordable and it had a great reputation at the time of purchase and Behringer's reputation still stands firm and true. This amplifier helps me meet all my musical goals and needs. If this product were lost or stolen, I would replace this product with the same exact product. I love Behringer products that much!                 
Great power,sound, look. Heavy yes but what do you want, flimsy plastic crap?
The brackets for the rear are attached to the front brackets and are universal fit to accomodate many rack mounts, but you have to remove a few screws then remove one of the brackets {look close there are ywo on each side} and attach it to the rear bracket support, not very difficult at all. A previous reviewer returned a great amp because they couldn't figure this out. {???}                
Out standing for the money would rec amend.                  
What I like the most is the power for the dollar. What I like the least is the weight. But I guess that comes with the quality and the power, you cant have a top with out a bottom.                
It is pretty much self explanatory, even a monkey could use it.                 
As for the reliability I don't know I just started using it.                
This amp is the best price in its class.                
I have no need to at this time                
the mounting holes on the ep4000 don't match the holes on the gator rolling rack...you get only one screw on each side to hold the 48 lbs of amp.  scared me alittle so returned the amp.  didn't get a chance to power the amp so I can't give any reports on that end.  am looking to a peavey ipr 3000 which only weights 7 lbs with slightly less power 3000watts instead of the 4000 on the behringer. I owned a peavey 750 for along time and never had any problems.  I talked to behringer about making the mtn holes bigger and they told me that it would void my warranty...for correcting their mistake of not matching the holes in my gator case.   hope you have better luck than me.                
NONE.  it should have had mtn brackets for attaching the amp to the rear of the gator case but they had none.  if you get this amp I hope the two (2) 10-32 screws hold the amp in the case. You might want to hold the ends of the case just in case the amp breaks loose and falls out.  I called gator and they don't recommend using just two screws to hold that much weight.                 
???                
very heavey amp for more than one amp in a case.  hire stronger "roadies"  if you mount this amps with other amps.  very poor quality control on the mounting for a 2u space.  they (the behringer co.) may need to hire someone who could measure correctly. I use the 1u peavey and qsc 2u space amps and the mtn holes all match perfectly.                
great price for something that you may have to return                
very unfriendly.  when I asked about making the holes longer so I could mount the amp with four screws, the rep almost had a heart attack. and told me  if I touched the mtn I would void the warranty.  so he told me to return the amp to the dealer that they were working on that little problem... 

note: I hope that person that drills the holes bigger can measure better than their engineers did.                
sex appeal???  are you kidding, the holes didn't match lol                
less than a day.. who would steal something that wasn't made right????                
It is one of the best amp i have ever had! it is quick simply and to the point!                 
The features could've been beter but i like that it has a clip light and a sound light.                
It is awesome, i only had to read about the switches on the back and that was it.                
it was made very well and it can take a hit.                
Yes it is the best amp i have ever owned!!!!!                
the product is so good that i didnt even need to contact the company!!!                
It isnt the best looking thing unless you like just flat black and white for the logos.                
i will always be satisfied with this amp and if i ever need another one i know where to get it and it will always be Beriger                
using this amp for 4 kustom 10" monitors. 4 chanels, 4 seperate volumes. plenty loud for hearing yourself behind your mains. clean and clear sound. no distortion                
I do open mic in a local bar and just run vocals and an occasional acoustic guitar through it and it does awesome. Never had to push it to the red to achieve the right sound. I even did a show with a full band with it. The reverb sounds great and its easy to haul.                
Great for small rooms, very reliable. We use primarily to DJ a weekly gig at 600 sq ft bar. We can fit this PA, stands,  add'l loudspeaker (connected to MON out for sound reinforcement) three record crates, decks, mixer, lighting and folding 8' table all in mid-size car. Used a few times for live bands, worked well but again had to use one of the monitor outputs to reinforce sound on low end. Used for about 100 performances so far, no issues. good at what it does.                
I was a little apprehensive about the size of the speakers ( 8" ), but when they came and I got them out of the box. Let's say I was impressed with the look of right off, and the sound is great so far. I haven't gotten a chance to even hear half of their capabilities so I'm looking forward to turning them up!!!!!                
I have a ministry of gospel music. This is my first sound system. Every church or nursing home the system has no trouble with volume. Sounds great. I purchased two speaker stands, mic stands, and extra xlr cable with shur mic. For what I paid and what I got (I couldn't be happier)                
I play drums and percussion in a small start up band. No one had a PA so I bought the EPS500MP3. It was very convenient to be able to pay over time....$100 up front, $100 next 3 months. I ended paying it off the next month but nice to have the option. Thanks ZZounds! Besides practice, we've used the PA 2 times. One inside gig for about 50 people and one outside party for about 30 people. I'm happy with it's performance on both occasions. We ran the keyboard and the rhythm guitar and 1 vocal mic through it. All sounded good. I was a little skeptical when I first tried it out in a living room for practice....didn't seem like it would be powerful enough. But both gigs, inside and out, we had plenty of power/sound. We are a pretty low key band though. Good fit and finish too.                
This is the smartest system i have bought. Its so convenient for small  parties. 
I use by itself or hook it up with the bigger system i bought and it fills all the needs i will ever come across. Its also the smartest self powered system i have.   Hook a lap top up and start DJing.                
The tonal varieties are non-ending when you have such control over all the frequencies.  If used in your effects loop (if your amp has one), the difference is phenomenol!!!!  You can use it as a boost, but then when you turn it off the original amp sound is a bummer.  What happens is you end up leaving it on all the time.  A friend has a 10 Watt, 8" acoustic amp (total crap) and this pedal made it sound bearable.                  
Turn your ears on, slide the levers up and down until it sounds right.    Any EQ pedal will do this but for the price this is top notch.  It's made to emulate the Boss GE7 (?), and they are completely comparable.                
The pedal is inexpensive to buy because it's inexpensive to make.  Plastic casing, plastic controls, dust can just get right in there...but for the price, what the heck do you expect?                
Can't do any better for the price...trust me....I tried!                
Never had to deal with them.                
It may not be the prettiest, but it gets the job done..and did I mention...it sounds great.                
I'll use it 'til it dies, or runs away. At that point I'd re-buy the exact same thing.                
I use it LIVE And to RECORD. Can't beat it for the PRICE. NOT crazy   about the color but HEY, it sounds great.                
NO problems; it works.                
Sound and Quality make-up for the color.Easy to use,And priced to sell                
It is a keeper,expect to have it a long time.                
Just like any other eq., you have to play withit for a while to get it right.                
This is the second one that I have owmed. After a year, sowmeone stole the first one. But for that year I had no problems with it.                
The cheapest one on the market anywhere.                
I'll probably go through everal of these over the next 5 years simply becvaus I'm that rugh n epuiment. But I'll always come back to Behringer because their eq's are second to none. love that German engineering!                
I'll repeat what other Behringer users already know. Behringer makes quality "tributes" of well known effects pedals and offers them at reasonable prices. The EQ700 is comparable to equalizers costing several times as much. It makes my amps and guitars sound great, offers infinite tonal ranges, is quiet (no unexpected hiss), and reliable. The case is ABS plastic, but so is your car bumper - the case does not easily crack or chip and will look good long after metal cases have deteriorated. I gig with Behringer pedals with no issues. Get a power adapter (they quickly consume batteries) and you're good to go.                
handles all my standard efx pedals even my volume pedal. The price is right. I had the canvas/material efx pedal bags but they did not protect my pedals. So, the hard shell is the perfect fix. Came with power and connections cables.                
7 band EQ settings really allow u to customize your tone.  9v Battery is nice.                
Pretty good.                
Cheapest EQ pedal there is.                
Doesn't look that amazing, but I still want it.                
Great pedal.  I like the tone it can make when I play slap bass.  I raise the Low's and High's and keep the mid's where they are.  This really lets you hear the plucks and slaps!                
it could just be my recording progam, or maybe my audio interface, but i experienced- not the most, but not the least- a bit of ugly feedback. made my peavey mystic sound like a gibson digital though.                
as of its cost versus how up to par it is with other pedals of the same features, it greatly nerfs them. there's still that slight ugly feedback though.                
simple yet versatile. perfect in a way.                
as opposed to cost, like i said, its one of the best on the market.                
definitely a deal.                
i haven't needed to talk to them. eh.                
it just looks standard, almost protocol.                
i'll be sure to keep it for quite sometime. great on a budget!                
Clean, undistorted sound. Each of the sliders has an easily audible effect, as it should. In comparison on a Daphon EQ pedal I have the sliders have only a small effect and to have an audible effect I have to slide them all the way.                
I like to be able to use an EQ on bass guitar too, where I attenuate 100 Hz and boost 200 Hz and 400 Hz sliders, then attenuate higher sliders. You can't do that with this equalizer. On the other hand I like to attenuate at about 6 kHz and above while not attenuating below about 4 kHz and this EQ allows this.  The materials and parts are poor quality, mine broke in transit to the first gig I took it to, and I did not handle it roughly. 

So, lack of durability was a big problem for me. I opened up the nonfunctioning unit but could not find any loose wires or broken connections, every thing looked right.                
The sliders slide too easily. With minor jostling I end up with tones I did not expect or want. The battery compartment is ridiculously difficult to access. It is hidden in the rocking part of the pedal.                
It broke and I couldn't fix it. It fails the gig test. It's fragile. The too-easily-slid sliders also make it unworthy for gigs.                
If you need an EQ you will not transport, fine. If you will gig with it you need to get something more durable.                
I didn't deal with the company.                
It's so plastic I always thought it was a marvel to work so well. But no, I give it no sex appeal, status, aesthetics, or affection. Now that it broke it's like an ex-wife.                
I bought a Daphon EQ. The price is about the same, it's metal and doesn't feel fragile, and the sliders aren't too slidy, but the sliders have a much much smaller effect.                
I bought two of these, and they both have the same problemsThey cause the high end to get a dissonant ringy wobble, they cut signal quality while on and this causes a major loss in sustain.I bought this knowing the quality on the outside was on extreme budget side. But they are unusable to me, so I will return them and buy something higher quality.                
This is basically a good-sounding unit.  I have my complaints about it, but they are tolerable.  One is that this thing can be very noisey.  ...But it can also be whisper quiet.  I'm not 100% on why, but I moved this pedal from my main board to my auxiliary board, and it has be nearly silent.  Other complaint is that some of the eq positions are not as useable.  The bass switch, for example, seems to cause a lot of noise when boosted.  You have to leave it under midway, or the hiss will floor you.  The boost slider, as well, needs to be within certain parameters to avoid hiss.  Also, you really have to play with this to get it to sound good.  For example, you can't just decide "I want a midrange boost," set the thing to a frown, and expect to get what you want.  I will sound quite bad, you will end up playing with switches randomly to get a good sound.  My midrange boost only sounds good with bass furthest down, a hump in the mid, and a boost to treble.  It works though.  Great midrange boost sound, but you have to fiddle a lot to get there.                
This has all the features I could ask for.                
Because of having to fiddle with setting to get what you want and to eliminate noise, I give this a 7 for ease of use.  You will have to fight this pedal a little bit to get what you want.  It will yield it to you if you are careful and not overly picky.                
Behringer quality, plastic parts, crappy batttery location, rubber that can peel off.  Just not pro stuff, but still very serviceable.                
Behringer value.  That is to say you are always going to get more than your money's worth with this pedal.                
Didn't Use.                
Behringer desireability.  It's utilitarian.  You buy it for how it work and how it sounds.  It does not look cool or impress anyone.                
This is a great unit.  I'd like to give it a 9, but I just struggled too much with noise and controls that are a little obtuse.  This thing does not suck tone though, and it will let you have a very nice eq boost on your board.  I love using it for quite pickups when I change the selector.  I like to use it as a boost for a loud rythm passage.  I like to use it as a mid-range hump boost period.  It's excellent for that.                
The first thing any guitarist should get after their first guitar and first amplifier is their first equalizer pedal (put it right after the guitar in your signal chain).. Even a novice will be able to shape beginner equipment into clear, well-defined, and possibly even legendary sounds with a few minutes of tweaking. You'll end up leaving this pedal on all the time. Even if you think you don't need the tone-shaping abilities, this is probably still the cheapest boost pedal around.Don't let the price fool you, this will do pretty much the exact same job as pedals going for four times as much. Behringer may be affordable, but they're not cheap in my experience.Unlike most pedals, it's important to note that there is no room for batteries - you must have a 9V power source to use this pedal. (Or I'm extremely oblivious, I took this fella's shell apart to see what makes it tick.) I do want to note that my particular pedal has a low-volume hiss, which I've found very noticeable on high gain settings and the high sweep on my wah pedal - although I also have unresolved grounding issues in my apartment that may be exacerbating this. The slider knobs also feel a bit fragile and pop off relatively easily, but you can still move the sliders without them. Not a big deal on either count.Bottom line, get an equalizer pedal - this is the most affordable option by far, and it'll get the job done satisfactorily. In fact, get two or three to throw in your signal chain, especially if you use other effects, it's really nice to be able to shape pre- and post- distortion among other things.                
THIS UNIT IS VERY NOISEY AND VERY CHEAP!!! THE EQ SLIDERS ETC REALLY DO NOT DO MUCH EQUING, IF YOU ARE NEED A EQ PDEAL LIKE THE OLD SAYING GOES YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR THIS THING IS TOTAL JUNK!!! NOISEY JUNK.                
I had to knock this one down.  This is the noisiest hissiest pedal I have ever owned.  I can't believe I am not seeing anyone else have that problem.  I might have bought a lemon.  The eq is fine.  You can make a decent mid scoop on this with a stomp and/or use the db to boost or attenuate your signal.  Great if you are footswitching from a clean to a metal tone.                
This has pretty much everything an eq should.                
Cakewalk.                
This is plastic and rubber, but it is durable plastic and rubber.  It will not break, but isn't quite a metal pedal either.  The switches/sliders are very cheap but are completely manageable.  Overall, this pedal is extremely useable and functional.                
Okay, you cannot buy a cheaper pedal than this.  The fact that everything works like it is supposed to and doesn't break make it an unbeatable value.                
Don't know.                
Not a desireable pedal by any means.  It's purely utilitarian.  If you want it, you want it because it is a serviceable eq and for no other reason.                
I'm am happy with my pedal purchase.  It does everything I expect it to except that it has an unbearable hiss.  I might have gotten a lemon, but instead of buying another eq, I am buying an NR to eliminate hiss.  I would recommend this pedal to anyone who needs an eq but wants to save a dime.  The only reason to climb the price ladder would be for a sturdier metal pedal, switches/sliders that feel smoother and heavier and well built, and less hiss and noise.  I can't guarantee that a Boss eq would solve all that, but if those things are important to you, it might be better to start there.                
The sound is great, I loop it through my amp, gives me the sound I'm looking for.                
Standard features for EQ                
Very easy to use                
Made out of plastic, but it seems sturdy.                 
It was cheap and it works great.                
Asked their tech support a question about power adapter, they got back to me within a day.                
Great EQ and the price is right. N                
This easily compares to the Boss EQ, or other common names in terms of sound. You could a/b them and be hard pressed to find much of a difference besides the obvious visual aspect.                
Despite the plastic casing, I havent had any problems with this unit so far. The plastic casing doesnt sound very promising to say the least, but It would be fairly tough to really destroy it. The bottom is a metal siding with thick rubber to keep it in place, but the rest is a plastic case. It is thick, so unless you drop gear often or put them to the test of the road, it should hold up.                
For this low price, I don't see how it could be a bad deal in any way. Unless you recieved a broken pedal, I wouldnt be complaining, especially with the sound quality of this pedal.                
To sum things up, for the price it is unbeatable. Just as good as a Boss eq, but in a yellow plastic disguise.                
Hi, I received my long awaited back-order yesterday (two F1220D's) with great anticipation. First noticed these speakers are much smaller than expected. (About half the size of a "regular" stage monitor.) Open the box, hooked-em up and played with them for awhile.   They have some great features that I like. (Bi-amp, dual input with separate level controls) They hit "clip" fairly easily but have a pretty decent sound overall, But then I decided to hook up one of my Behringer F-1320's inline next to these. The one F-1320 dwarfed two of these in size and sound. Just drowned them completely out. So if you need BIG sound these F1220D's are probably NOT for you.                 
I bought a few of these for band monitors for our singers.  I especially liked the feedback filter feature due to all the problems we usually have because of it.  In an effort to simplify the process i got these.  They seem to be well made, and as a previous owner of ev powered speakers I can honestly say that the name brand doesn't necessarily mean anything.  Behringer is truly a big bang for the buck and I recommend their speakers to anyone that dj's or does band gigs....and likes their money more than a high price name brand.  Well with about the same results and in most cases BETTER....you cant go wrong.  The only thing that I didn't really care for about these particular speakers is that they don't seem to like bass at all.....so if your looking for solid vocal or keyboard monitor this is for you. As it stands, it suits our needs. You cant use this as a drum monitor in other words.  As a future further improvement it would be eventually nice to see a built in two line mini mixer to adjust instrument sounds on a separate channel as the vocal....this of course is easily fixed by buying one of the little Behringer line mixers for about 20 bucks....so not really an issue.  I will write another review once these have been tested in real time.  We have used these for practices and they perform as expected.                
You'll have a wide range of sound parameters including the Anti-Feed Back option as a stand alone system. You can jump/patch the Monitors together. The power of the F1320D is enough to deafen you.                
Rugged construction. All mixer setting knobs are recessed for protection. Metal front screen in a convex form will protect the 12" speaker from damage. Exterior covering and corner protectors are well made. Anti-Feed Back is effective.                
Plug&Play as normal equipment. They are no disappointments just options.All connectors are top quality.                
 All connectors are good quality except for the AC switch. The AC switch is plastic and is not recessed like the mixer knobs on the front panel. That is the ONLY thing I would recommend improving. Like other reviewers, who commented on the F1320D lacking low end, I agree however this is a floor monitor. Keep that in mind.                
Behringer designers and engineers have produced very high quality products at a reasonable price. I feel I made the right choice, in the price range I needed. I don't have a grand to drop on a sub-woofer for example. I need the sound, not the Name Plate. It was gratifying to discover Behringer and become a very happy customer.                
No comments. Haven't had the need yet. (That's a plus.) This is a professional company. I feel confident that any manufacturer who makes top quality products like this will back them up with service.                 
WOW factor for me is very high.                
You can not find a better value for your money that Behringer products. This monitor is rugged and has all the features you want for a floor monitor. You will be very satisfied you selected a Behringer product, and like me, you'll want to purchase more Behinger products.                
For the price , this Monitor has a lot to offer, Plenty of power, Clean Crisp Highs, Tight punchy lows and smooth warm Mids, The 3 band EQ gives you all of this. Controls are easy to get to. Unless you have a sound person on stage, they can't hear what you need. This really works well as far as volume, clarity and feedback control                
I bought one of these these to try. Wasn't expecting it to be all that great. Used it at our  gig the next weekend and was very impressed. Ordered another one Monday morning.                 
The band had about had its fill of repairing monitor amps that didn't hold up, so I purchased a couple of these Behringer F1320Ds.  The sound is full and amazing!  I already knew that Behringer equipment was better than many thought, but we are really impressed with the sound of these.  Our vocals are tighter now, because we can actually hear ourselves!  We tested them in practice by using them as our PA (instead of using the mains) and they really were impressive.                
I purchased this monitor so that the led singer in our band could hear herself over the loud percussion section. It really did the job for the money. One of my best purchases. I highly recommend it.                
Rugged construction, great sound.  It took a little bit of tweaking to suppress feedback (there's a button for it) while using condenser microphones, but this'll be a great asset going forward.                
Simple, rugged, powerful. Amazing. I use 2 for band monitors. No feedback anymore. Loud! 300 watts x2 is a lot. Great response in each frequency.                
Product is top quality! Service A1 as always. Item arrives well packed and in excellent shape as always! You can't go wrong with this company or their products!                
What a AWSOME machine. Added to my studio rack and it cuts out the low noise in the background. You get a great recording with this machine.                
Iv tried other EQs and this is the best Recording/Mixing /DJ/Live/Studio/Home Or Club.THE FBQ is the Difference Maker along with Separate Bass control for your SUBs and HD ..And the price is Right.                
The unit does what is claims to do... eliminate feedback and allow the audio to be virtually untouched or colored in any way.  I am very pleased with the unit once set up.                 
Why a rating of only 5?  Because the newer unit OS ver 1.1 purchased in May 2009 does not set up per the operating manual (operating manual ver1.0 written in 2005).  I own two of these units, the older unit OS ver1.0 purchased in 2006 sets up as advertised but this unit DOES NOT!  You MUST initially put the unit in PEQ mode (parametric eq) and use the fly set up control wheel and set the mumber of parametric filters to some value (I chose zero) and then you can set the number of single shot filters and the balance of the remaining filters will function automatically.  THIS INFORMATION SHOULD BE PROVIDED SOMEWHERE!!!  After you do this initially it does not need to be repeated because the unit recalls all of the previous settings once the unit is powered down and it works GREAT!  
No problems here, the older unit has worked flawlessly for me now for 3 1/2 years.  We play gigs 2-4 per month, we are pleased with how well the unit has performed once in operation.                  
Nobody can tough Behringer for price+performance.                 
I have had one experience with the Behringer company and they were very helpful.  

Zzounds has been wonderful to deal with as I have exchanged products with them and they have been very professional with me.                
Well built and performs as advertised... but Behringer needs a new technical writer on staff                
I have this unit connected to all of our vocal mics routed thru a sub-group and it is noiseless.  Even when running all 20 filters on a channel the overall impact it has on the sound is negligible.                
The FBQ elimination features are nice and easy to manage.  The use of this unit as a parametric EQ is just plain silly, however, due to reasons listed in "ease of use" below.  Learn mode and autolearn mode are horrendously hard on your speakers because they have to really be ringing for the system to tag it as feedback and suppress it.  I had to wear earplugs the first time I let the system learn by itself as it was screaming before suppression kicked in.  The use of the panic button in learn mode does prevent this from  happening.  Recommended procedure for shooting a room is listed below.                
As a feedback eliminator, this unit is easy to use.  The manual is dense, but easy to understand IF you study it for a few days while the product is in the mail.  The manual is rather deceptive in that it makes you think the unit will automatically nuke feedback within 0.2 seconds.  Wrong.  It takes much longer to learn or autolearn feedback frequencies and will blow out your eardrums or your speakers first.  Here's what I have found works best: Setting the system to learn mode and then slowly increasing the gain on the entire system to deliberately induce feedback while pressing the panic button repeatedly.  This helps the system detect feedback more quickly and will save your ears and your speakers.  Once all 20 filters are full, back the gain off and you now have instant headroom.  Now as a parametric EQ, navigation is so clumsy and difficult you'd be better just spending $100 on a 15-band standalone eq.                
The product looks nice.  The brushed aluminum is gorgeous.  I gave it a 9 and not a 10 because the knob on the front isn't perfectly round and feels and looks cheap when it's wobbling around as you turn it.  Other than that, it is well made.                
Feedback suppression for $150........you can't really go wrong here.  Once you've figured the darn thing out it really does it's job well.  I was able to DOUBLE the volume of our practices in a small room with this unit because of the feedback frequencies it was supressing.                
Can't rate this one; haven't needed support.                
It has gain LED's and lots of red lights.....looks cool in the rack.  I've seen sexier feedback eliminators, but for $150, this is as hot as she's gunna get.  ;-)                
This product does what it's supposed to do and does it well, after you've figured out how to use it without blowing your ears or speakers.  As I said before, autodetect functions are quite slow, but using the panic button to help her along greatly reduces the sound level required to trip a filter.                
No noise from the unit, and it does a great job of suppressing feedback.  Too difficult to use as a parametric EQ, don't waste your time.                
Easy to set up for Feedback suppression, and that is what I bought it for.  I have used it for over a year in my band's monitor amp & EQ rack.  We run four separate monitor mixes and I have used it to suppress feedback on two of those channels. Other channels feedback is regulated by a much more expensive Sabine filter and it does the same job at less than 25% the cost!  Way to go Behringer.                 
I have had no problems with the unit.  I did have the cheaper Behringer older unit ad I had "clock hash" noise always at a low level coming through and it was much slower and harder to use.  This unit has worked very well.                 
Great value.                
no experience                
Looks like a piece of rack mount audio gear, nothing special.                
This unit meets my band's needs and I don't plan on replacing it.                
I can't detect any noise from the unit.                
I use this as a parametric equalizer in manual mode.  Even though another review said this didn't make much sense it does to me.  The key is that this will do 1/60th octave filters.  This is amazing and is very usefull for room peaks for low frequency (sub-woofer) improvement.  Room treatments don't work very well at these frequencies and this product is the best solution.                
Setting up the filters manually isn't a big deal once you do it once.  Also, there is software avialable that will do it via MIDI download.                
I wish the side panels extended under the rack mounts wings.  You can't remove the wings or else the sides are open.  Overall, the build looks good.                
Very high value. I haven't found anything else that will do this for this kind of price.                
There documentation is OK but they could explain things a bit better about setting filters.                
The lights look cool until you want them off. :-)  I use this in a home theater setting and cover up the red LEDs because they are too bright.  For a rack look it would be sexy.                
I have not found any other product close to this value.  There are systems that can do filtering like this but at many times the cost.                
Great, fantastic. This Feedback Destroyer Pro actually does eliminate 99.9 % of the feedback. It is built like a super heavy duty quality tank. It works for me. Thanks...........                
I play in a damp club (basement type) and often the sliders and pots build up garbage which makes them noisy and scratchy. This happens on all my equipment. From Rane to Panasonic, all do the same. I expected Behringer to be the worse and to my surprise, my Behringer equipment is not experiencing this problem. Go figure...  Good stuff. As for sound quality, no different than my really expensive stuff.                
Just like any other expensive equipment. Good bang for the buck.                
If you cant use this, you cant use any other equipment of this type.                
Best in "bang for the buck" category.                
Best value.                
Dont need support, just throw it out and buy another at that price.                
bottom line is the equalizer works, its great for ringing out monitors on stage or inside the rehearsal room, BUT, I noticed a slight reduction in overall volume even when the EQ is bypassed, and when engaged it clearly reduces the volume compared to directly from the source, that's why I would only use it for monitors and not for the front of the house, the last thing you want is for the entire mix to drop in volume, with monitors it won't be that big of a deal as you can always increase the volume on the monitors themselves, other than that its a great unit that won't cost you much if you are trying to get the best experience with your rehearsal monitors or stage monitors, cuts the feedback very well and has a feedback detection feature (although I just use my ears)                
I bought this with several different uses, and I have come up with more since getting it. In live sound, I can use it as an EQ for a guitar. Also, I can run the main signals through my regular 31-band EQ, then into this, for two reasons: 1) I don't have the ear to know the feedback frequencies; I can pull down the FBQ800 band that is lit up, then figure out which band on the 31-band to pull down. 2) I use the 31-band for feedback; I can use the FBQ800 to shape the overall sound for the room.  I want to cut the feedback with as little impact on the music as possible. Also, this has allowed me to run in stereo (with a 2nd FBQ800), so I don't necessarily have to cut both sides to solve feedback.

Since I got this, though, I use it on one input of my TV (the main input, or the DVD player), and I can do a much better job with the sound than just the 2-band (bass/treble) TV EQ.  I can definitely notice the difference.  I want to get two more of these just for the TV.                
What is great are the FBQ lights, which show which band is getting feedback, or which band is getting the activity.  The thing is $60, though, so it has none of the frills of a serious EQ. Also, having both 1/4-inch and RCA inputs is a big deal.                
If you know how to use a graphic EQ, it's simple.                
It is made of plastic, and has a cheap feel.  I don't care, as long as I don't step on it.  I don't know what would happen if I dropped it on a hard floor.                
Very definitely worth the price.  I would like to buy 5-6 more.                
I have a number of Behringer products, and I have never had to deal with the company.  Not that I think I won't, some day...                
The Behringer FBQ800 is a really great piece of gear. I use it for small live sound applications with a pair of powered Mackie Thump 12 speakers and a Peavey PV8 mixer. It works exactly as advertised. If there is feedback, the appropriate slider lights up and stays RED and you slowly pull that level down until the feedback stops. It's pretty solid, but it  isn't built like a tank, so it can't be tossed around and abused. I'd buy it again in a heartbeat.                
This is the best interface for Windows and Mac users, both USB and Firewire ports are working flawlessly. There are no problems with the drivers and the latency is zero! Great for recording a drum set or a live band. So far so good, gorgeous aluminium casing. 
And for the price it's like having it almost for free!                
So I just purchased one of the FCA1616 as a backup while my primary interface is out for repair, also figured being both USB and firewire would be a nice choice to have. 
I must say the main features for purchasing it are extremely disappointing. 
First being the adat expansion is completely non existent in terms of direct input monitoring. 
Meaning you must always monitor through your choice of DAW in order to hear your additional 8 channels over adat. 
Second being the headphone volume knobs are completely dependent on your main level output. (come on behringer, even the cheapest presonus 2 channel unit has dedicated volume level control on the headphone and the main volume output). The 2nd headphone jack can be switched to monitor your DAW line 3/4 output, which is pretty nice if doing a headphone buss mix, yet is pointless being that direct monitoring only happens over the 1/2 outputs only. 
Third, there's no actual level input meter. The green signal level turns "clip red" way before the DAW input monitoring shows actual clip. 
Fourth, and here's the worst part of all. The firewire option is completely useless. Since this is buss powered over firewire itself it constantly picks up the "digital distortion signal" from the computer's power supply since a power conditioner can not be used on a buss powered unit, power adapter plugged in does not override the buss powered feature. I wish there was an option to have it be dedicated to power only via the power adapter instead of firewire buss like all other 8+ channel firewire interfaces. 
Having to resort to USB2.0 on my primary studio computer is a huge turn off. 
The usb was a nice option for mobile tracking only on a no firewire laptop. 
Another huge disappointment is there is no software mix control, I understand this was built through DAW monitoring, yet why even tease the public with the option at all on the front panel if you're not going to make full potential of it?  
Only features I do like are the individually select-able features for each channel. 
Hi-z select swith, 48v, highpass filter, and pad.  
Once my main unit is back from repair, this is going back to the store, and keeping searching for another back up option. Such a shame since I was hopping it to be at least suitable for mobile tracking.                 
For the price, it's pretty good.  There is a little bit of hiss that I hear.  There are a couple things I would suggest.  I  would like them to have independent headphone, monitor and main output volume controls.  In order to hear the headphones loud enough, you need to turn the main volume up.  If you turn the main volume down, then the headphone volume goes down.  Make it easier to switch from Firewire to USB.  Also, needs to be a better manual. Also, having trouble with the midi.  This is the first Behringer product I've ever had any trouble with, so I might just have a faulty unit.                 
Based on my very first impressions, this is a fantastic unit for the price. I am returning it immediately, however, due to one incredibly short-sighted design flaw: The headphone outputs are wired post-main output knob, so the main output knob needs to be turned up in order for the headphones to get signal. For those of you with small project studios (Behringer's target market), that means you don't have independent control of your monitor speakers and headphones - such as when you want to turn speakers down to record vocals while keeping the headphones up. You can get independent controls by doubling your DAW's output to FCA1616 outputs 3-4 (extra time/hassle/potential latency) or by using an external monitor controller (extra $/gear/wiring). I really thought this unit would be perfect, but it's so slightly yet importantly not.                
Doesn't make any sound...                
I think the features in this unit are pretty nice.  There are 100 presets, and each preset can control multiple MIDI devices.  For example, with the push of one pedal you could send 5 different program change signals to 5 different MIDI instruments, 2 different control signals to two MIDI instruments, and set the two expression pedals to send MIDI control values 0-127 for two different controls on two different MIDI instruments.

Every once in a while I wonder why Behringer didn't give you the ability to send more than 2 controller signals instead of 5 program change signals with each preset - however it's really not limiting me yet.                
IN RESPONSE TO OTHER REVIEWS THAT CLAIM THE EXPRESSION PEDALS DON'T WORK:

Out of the box, my expression pedals didn't seem to work.  I calibrated the unit and they now work fine.  Just do a search on the web for the words "behringer", "footpedal", and "calibrate", or something like that - the calibration directions are all over the web.

Other than that, the quality seems pretty solid.  The expression pedals feel a tiny bit flimsy, but I haven't had any problems with them.                
For all the functionality you get in this product I think it's absolutely a good buy if you have multiple MIDI instruments that you'd like to use it with.  I think it might be a bit overkill if you're only using it with one - however there's nothing else out there that seems better, so it's a good buy for that too.

Understand that you should probably have an intermediate understanding of MIDI to get the most out of this and you'll have to spend a little time learning how to use it.                
Haven't had to use it yet.  All my questions have been answered by searching the web.                
i dunno - it's not particularly ugly, so....                
I'll probably have this for a long, long time.  Having two assignable expression pedals is great.                
Doesn't generate sound. Foot switch controller for Midi devices. In this case, used with a Johnson J-Station                
Features are that it is programmable for just about any MIDI device. Operators manual was pretty much useless. Very Poorly written.                
Seemes relatively strong. Metal case. Foot switches encased in rubber. I have had it over 18 months and use it weekly. I don't move it around too often. No case with it so I had to purchase a Fender Instrument Midi controller case.                
After corresponding with others that have tried other controllers, this one seems to have the consensus as best value for the money. Others may have a built in Tuner function, but this one is less expensive.  Most bang for the Bucks.                
I had to email Behringer's USA office to get the new software chips. Have had no other issues so no further contact with Tech Support.                
Nothing "Magnetically appealing" about it. Just functional.  Nothing to make one LUST after it. 
                
Doubt if it will wear out. I doubt if I have the need to upgrade. Yes, it does help me meet my musical needs.

If it were lost or stolen, yes, I would buy it again.

I like it because it works. Once I learned how easy it was to program it, I liked it more. 

Again, the Operators manual, well,  sucked big time.  Completely useless.                
N/A - MIDI                
Lots of features for the money.  Despite the claims of other reviewers, the expression pedals on my unit work fine.  I had to calibrate them the first time I used it and haven't had any problems since.  Anybody whose having trouble with the pedals, read the manual and recalibrate them.

My main complaint is that you can assign 5 program changes, but only 2 sysex sends (CC or Control Change messages) per pedal.  I believe this is because the pedal is mainly designed to be used with guitar and bass amps that use MIDI to control effect settings.  I use it as a MIDI controller for software on my computer and have far more use for CC messages than program change messages (CC messages are what you use for midi control of knobs, sliders and buttons on your music software).  I suppose part of the blame goes to the software I'm using, as it won't allow one CC number to control multiple settings.                
Rugged, heavy.  I spilled beer on it, and it still works fine.                
Lots of features for the money.  I bought B-Stock, so it was even cheaper.                
Haven't needed to contact Behringer yet, which is a big plus.  Their manual, on the other hand, is one of the worst I've seen.  Behringer's Web site isn't great either.                
You get a lot of features for the money, which is why I bought it.  On the other hand, programming it is more complicated than it should be and the documentation is horrible.  A good buy if you're good at figuring things out on your own.                
This is a Midi foot controller so the sound really doesn't apply                
I own 2 of these controllers and use them for both my Fender CyberTwin and Cyber Deluxe.  They're programable if I have other midi type equipment that I want to use them on.                
There's a learning curve on just about everything that's out there today but, I was able to use this right out of the box without having to make any adjustments.  If I did want to access more capabilities I'd just have to program it and I'm there.                
I like this controller over my OEM Fender.  It's half the weight and half the price.                
It's half the price of OEM Fender controllers and they'll do the same job.                
Haven't had to deal with the company on this or any other Behringer equipment I've ever bought.                
It's practical and affordable.  Nothing special about the looks but the colors blend in with about everything else on stage.  Nothing stands out about it but, being it's a floor controller, I wouldn't want anything that really flashy.  It looks and works perfect for its application.                
As a main goal, it's to save money whenever possible.  This piece of equipment does everything I would expect of it and probably more if I needed it to.  No need to look for anything to replace it and it's flexible enough to use on other midi equipment if needed.  I'll have it as long as I have a need for it and at this time I don't see any reason for an upgrade, change, or replacement.                
Lots of pedals and two expression pedlas.  Thats plenty.                
I know first hand that it is a bear to figure out for most uses.  However, if you use it with the Behringer Vampire series of guitar effects and amps or with the Behringer V-Tone amps it is super easy to use.  It gives you so much more versitility with these amps.                
Built like a tank.                
Its inexpensive for what you get.                
Never need them.                
I now need this for use with my Behringer amps.  Without it would be tough.                
It works great and is reliable as can be.  What more do you need?                
would help if I could understand it better!                
Miriad of setup possibilities                
Manual is poor in terms of going through the set ups - not easy for a MIDI newbie                
Rugged and self contained                
The product is awesome. It is difficult to program but worth it. I use it with my V-amp pro works great.                
Easy to use once its programed to do what you want.                 
Very difficult to program. Found a guide for dummies on it and it made it a little easier to program.                
reasonably priced.                 
have not needed to .                
I own it.                
If it wasn't so hard to program I would give it a better score.                
lots of features, I can't imagine anything you could want to do with this thing that it can't *theoretically* be programmed to do                
Decent craftsmanship/solid as per usual with behringer products                
Decent value, again what you would expect from behringer                
not used for my sound just to control my behringer vamp pro                
support is not bad but i am having trouble finding an upgraded eprom chip 4 it                
 I LIKE THE FCB1010 DEFINATE PICE OF MY STAGE ARSONAL                
if i could find the eprom chips for it it could keep me 4 ever                
I bought this controller for my Avid Eleven Rack, and it is a huge disappointment. Instructions were minimal, even the manual that you have to download off the net. I tried contacting Behringer 3 times, and received no response. So back to my pedal board> Now I only use my eleven rack in a studio environment. I will never buy a Behreinger product again                
it doesn't make sound                
Flexible programming and easy to program. Good manual.

BUT

I have owned four over the last 5 years and all of them have had a switch or pedal break. While it looks and feels sturdy it is not. I treat all my instruments/tools with a lot of care and the units broke because they are not well made NOT because of abuse. I've had a Yamaha MFC10 foot controller on the road at the same time and never had any problems.                
Interface is nice. Flexible programming and easy to program. Good manual. Too bad they fall apart :-(                
No. I have owned four FCB1010's over the last 5 years and all of them have had a switch or pedal break. While it looks and feels sturdy it is not. I treat all my instruments/tools with a lot of care and the units broke because they are not well made NOT because of abuse. I've had a Yamaha MFC10 foot controller on the road at the same time and never had any problems.                
I'm MORE then happy to pay two or three times as much for another company's foot controller that is sturdy and reliable.

The FCB1010 may be inexpensive but it sure is unreliable.

You get what you pay for and the FCB1010 is proof.                
Difficult to contact and not at all helpful.                
doesn't matter how sexy it is if it breaks                
I will never buy another FCB1010 again. My living depends on reliable instruments.                
N/A                
Great features - I wish I wish I wish they would work because the only thing like them is an ART and they aren't too good at making things work either                
The expression pedals on three units failed to work. This is not good quality                
I want one so bad but i need them to work and the expression pedals do not                
No answer on e-mail
promised to call back - still waiting                
it has great features. I want it so bad I am about to reengineer it myself to get the expression pedals to work                
I think I have been clear. I won't go into the testing details but suffice it to say: In the programming mode you are supposed to be able to use expression pedal A to set parameter values. It won't even do that. I tried three units right out of the box                
Plenty of configuration available.  Maybe too much.                
Really difficult and time consuming to configure.  With any luck though, you'll only need to configure it once.                
The main pedals are sturdy, rugged and quick to respond.  The expression pedals are not so hot though.  They have a really small response range.  I'm tempted to replace the potentiometers and see if that'll give a more expressive transition from loud to soft.                
Great bang for your buck as pedals go.  Really low price but still gets the job done of most pedal boards.                
Meh... looks okay.  Nothing spectacular.                
this product sucks. it does not do half of what it promises. The pedals are absolutely worthless and when i called for support all i got was being put on hold!                
This product is a MIDI foot switch that controls other musical devices such as keyboards, sound modules, etc.  Therefore, it produces no sound.                
This product has no accessories.  All you need is a MIDI cable to connect this product to any other device that you would like to control.  And with a deep programming capabilities of this product, you would be able to produce a diverse range of features.                 
There is certainly a learning curve.  If you have some basic MIDI knowledge and you are willing to read the manual, you will have a very very very powerful MIDI footswitch.                
zZounds did a good job by having double boxed this product prior to shipping.  This double boxing method has kept the factory box look brand-new & pristine.  The product is very solid and well-built.  No loose parts & no blemishes.  The product looks elegant & expensive.  It also looks strong & sturdy for use "on the road".                
Given the diverse range of functions that this product is capable of, this product is much cheaper than other MIDI footswitches made by other companies.                
Because I have no issue with the product, I have no need to contact the company that made this product.                
As stated earlier, this product looks very elegant & expensive                
If this product were lost or stolen, I definitely would replace it.                  
a bit hard to program but i feed it into software so it's not a problem. it's got all the pedals i need!                
never had any trouble with it and i've used it for 3 years. I loan it out periodically to other musicians and i never worry it will be damaged. I'm only giving it an 8 because a good drop, or spilling liquid on it, would probably do it in.                
I'm giving it a 6 because I wish it was around $100. However I haven't seen any other pedals with a continuous-controller pedal built in and that's what I really want.                
idk. never had any trouble so i've never needed to call support!                
People ask me what it is all the time. Gigs, carrying it around, they see it and they want it.                
I don't know anything that compares to this feature set but I feel it could be better (i.e. I'm not giving it a 10). I own it and like (might buy another to keep in my home studio).                
The product does work as a keyboard volume pedal, however there is definitely a hum associated with it.  While playing it is not noticable, but is when no one is playing.                
There are very few features.  It has a knob that lets you set the max volume and you can control the volume for 2 instruments or left and right simulatanously.  It runs on 9V battery or 12V AC adapter - here is where the problem lays.  I can't find a 12V AC adapter that works.  Radio Shack no longer carries a multi-tap adapter.  You have to buy the adapter that fits it and they tried them all and said none of their's works.  Which is amazing considering that they have almost 50 different sizes at least.                
It is easy to use except when you have to change the 9V battery.  If you don't unplug the pedal after each use, your battery will be dead.  I wish Behringer sold a 12V AC adapter, but they only make a 9V one.                
Would pay more if it included the 12V AC Adapter.                
Haven't had to use yet.                
It's a volume pedal.                
I use this Unit in between my Mixer and ART PRO VLA II  and its a Great Unit for the Price. Most of my equipment must do double duty  right now at home in the Studio as well as out on the road in live venues. While I havn't  had  the chance to use this at a live venue as of yet I really can't wait to try it out the diffrence it made in my recordings was astounding.                
as with  most Behringer products it has almost too many features. I have  not had a chance to use every single one but each effect I have used is editable and saveable                 
I found it extremely easy to use. Read the quick Start Guide hooked it up  and that was that. I guess it might be intimidateing to some one less educated or experienced but that wasn't the case for me.                
I rate it an 8 on quality because of the cheap plastic knobs and the midi/mix knob gets really stiff about half way around (They may have designed it that way on purpose and if thats the case I wish they hadn't I would of preffered a smooth linear action)it free's back up right past the 1/2 way mark.                
I bought the blowout model at 1/2  price and I have to say this unit would of been worth the full price and then some  its worked perfectly far exeeding my expectations                
I can't Say havn't needed them as of yet.                
I don't really know how to answer this one so I rated it 6. While not just drop dead gorgeous it definatly added to the overall appeal of my Rack.                
I will keep this untill it dies for sure and even replace it. That being said I will be adding other equipment for stand alone features

 I love that it did what it said it would do and then some. I don't like the cheap plastic knobs and the midi/mix knobs sticky action                
Very easy to use. The sound quality is much better than many of the vst-plugins I've used, and build quality is really good. Only complaints I have, is that the main jogwheel is a bit too sensitive to my taste and it feels like it might brake down after some years of use, and that it could have more of different delay types.                
The sound is excellent and very customizable. I was very surprised as this unit is so cheap.                 
The Jogwheel makes it really quick and easy to skip through pre sets and effects and the midi knob makes it really quick to wet'n or dry up the effects mix and bypass the effects when needed,                 
Once you have read the manual and get use to the lay out it is really easy to use and edit. The knobs and jog wheel are very quick and responsive and make changing your settings very quick.                 
The unit is built very well. People keep complaining about the Plastic knobs and jog wheel but I like them. They have a rubber coating on them so its easy to grip and they are very responsive. It's made to be in a rack unit so as long as you have it in a decent raod case there should be nothing to worry about. The Frame is metal and display screen is a nice size.                 
In short IMO you get way more than what you pay for. A great unit for the studio or gigging.                 
Have not had to use yet.                 
Wow is all I can say.... 129.99 was not expecting this. More effects than I will ever need for my bass and can also use with my home studio. It looks very nice in your rack as well! If it was stolen or damaged I would for sure get another!                
Way more than what I expected. I bought this for my Bass rack and wasn't sure I would be able to use much of the effects for my bass but I was way wrong. All the presests are so customizable that you can make almost all of the presets sound good on any instrument. I use this on my bass rig and when at home I plop my rack down on the table and use it in my home studio on guitar, bass and vocals.                 
Love this behringer fx 2000 , people talk bad about Behringer but they make good products at a reasonable price. I never had any of my equipment to fail. This machine makes your music or live gig sound great. Thanks behringer.                
thought maybe the product would be less than expected for the price but OOOOPS,,this processor owns hands down.More than enough features to get any small or large job done..am not going to list the other items in my case just yet but i will say this FX 2000 is a great buy and addition to anyones case..thx                
The best cool effects, sounds good.                
unit works well .You want some thing special this is the one                
its a really good product just really wished could of bought on here                
This was the worst investment I've ever made.  The thing worked just one time - in practice session.  When we got to the gig, it had lost the settings, and just flat stopped having any effect at all.  It has never worked since; we pulled it out of the rack and don't even try any more.  It has soured me completely on Behringer.  Forget the sweet price, and spend a little more to get something that actually works.  These cheap pieces of garbage cost much more in the long run.                
Nothing about this piece of junk is worth mentioning...though we were able to use the power cord that came with it for other equipment that actually works.                
Programming it was a pain in the rear too.  Not user friendly or intuitive at all.                
Junk...undependable.  Cheap knobs too -- they break off very easily.                
I wouldn't pay a dime for this.                
Support? Didn't get a single call back from their automated help line.                
z - e - r - o                
Like nothing, hate everything about it including the company that pawned it off on me.                
I've read so many reviews from pedal snobs dissing Behringer, but don't go by the internet's negativity. It does what it's supposed to for 1/3 or the price. This is made of plastic, but it's sturdy solid plastic. Mine had no defects and all the functions work just fine, with no dirty noises. Effects are great sounding, with somewhat limited tweaking options.
I bought this to learn guitar effect usage at the same time as my regular guitar study, and it does make things much more alive. If new to these effects, best start with your single note exercises, for example: "Scarborough Fair" with a low repetition delay, "Jamaica Farewell" with moderate tremolo, or "Yellow Rose of Texas" with a fast chorus effect, using the neck pickup with tone dial turned down. This pedal will help you explore the endless tone combinations on your electric guitar. Combine with some backing tracks and you'll be surprised by what you hear. 
The pedal comes with very simple instructions, so just take it out of the box, add to your rig and start moving dials. I have this in the effects loop of a Fender FM212R, but you can also place it after your distortion or overdrive stomp box.
Get this, search for what popular songs use the effects provided with this pedal, and experiment.                
This pedal is decent. For the money you get some really good effects. the only downside is the pedal is made of plastic. I suggest you buy the power supply to supply it. the design of the battery placement is not that great.                
The sound is really the only reason i still use this product.                
It has alot of features but none that you cant get for a few bucks extra from Digitech.                 
The first time i get this pedal it was dead, so i sent back and got a new one that kind of worked. i had to play with the knobs to get it to work and some times it would cut out for no reason, also the first 3 knobs do not do what they describe.(ex. the Level knob does not control the output level as described in the instructions.)                
I have this pedal on my board as a "back up" type pedal, i only use it for some effects on some songs. i have to play with it before a show to make sore its working and i fear it will break or cut my guitar out at any second. this was not built at all well, though the visual appearance is not to bad the electrical quality was a waist.                
The value was all most worth it but not fully worth what i payed.                 
I have not dealt with Behringer before but most of my products from them are defective so i stopped getting Behringer products. Every time i need to return an item zzounds helps and they are amazing with help.                 
The "sex appeal" is maby a 4.                 
I would turn this product in for anything else without a second thought.                 
This thing actually sounds pretty good for what it is.  The delay, chorus, and phaser are primarily what I used it for.  They were all a bit limited, but adequate sounding for a super-cheap multi.  You'll find that if you are serious about getting a good chorus, for example, you will have to buy a dedicated chorus.  Probably not a Behringer one.  Still, the chorus that comes with this multi really does have some good settings, as do the other effects.                
This thing really does do it all for under $40.  The number of effects you get is staggering.  And the ability to adjust them is pretty good.  If you really just want to experiment with adding different effects to your sound, the features of this are great.                
The knob to select the type of effect you are using is analog, which makes it a bit of a pain to line up your effect.  The two tweaking knobs aren't always clear what they do.  Still, it is basically easy to use.  Select the effect and play with the two knobs until it sounds the way you want it.                
Quality is where the pedal truly falters.  This is the first Behringer pedal I've had really crap out on me.  Let me tell you, when it craps out, it is truly spectacular.  Even the on/off doesn't work properly.  The off position always produces a screwed up phaser sound.  The on position sometimes still works.  But lets face it, if you can't turn it off, it is worse than useless.  I would HATE to have something like this happen on stage.  Because of this, I am working on replacing all my Behringer pedals with EHX, in case I go on the road, and I need reliability.                
The value of this thing would be staggering if not for the fact that it broke.  I have had it for maybe a year, and it went kaput.  It is a great 'slot filler' for your pedal board.  If you have some extra space, and you don't know what you want to put there, this is something to buy.  It lets you experiment with chorus, flanger, phaser, delay, etc.  The key word being 'experiment.'  Once you find out what you really use a lot and want to add to your sound (in my case chorus and delay), chuck this thing and buy a really good dedicated effect.  I'm an EHX fan, but there is plenty out there better than this.                
Did not use.  I fully expected to have issues with a Behringer pedal at some point.  This thing is a throw away for me.  If it breaks (and it has), I plan on replacing it with an EHX pedal.                
Nobody things Behringer is sexy.  I was trying out for a cover band, and I think I was automatically one down to whoever else tried out just for having so much Behringer EQ.  It is highly frowned upon, and you will not be viewed as a serious player while playing this EQ.                
There is, however, and upside to this pedal.  It does work great out of the box, and if you are careful with it, it can be a good experimental slot filler on your board.  Don't let it come to any hard crashes.  Don't accidentally feed back the input into the output.  Be careful when using stereo patch cables.  Don't cross up A and B.  I'm not sure which of these things ended up breaking mine.  I have a feeling it was when I created a feedback loop in my pedal chain.  All the rest of my stuff survived it with no problem, but that was right around the time I really started having trouble with this Behringer Multi.                
the effects are crap compared to BOSS or any other high name brand                
a ton of features you have 6 different effects and adjustment knobs                
hard to get a decent sound                
poorly made!                
stopped working The FIRST time i replaced batt's                
it appealed to me because i had experience with other behringer products  and they were amazing... plus it was cheap with a lot of effects.                
considering that it broke so fast i'll give it a 4 but if it would have worked longer i would have given it a 6ish.                
Has good sound, when it makes any. I don't remember many details because it worked so briefly but I was excited initially to hear it.                
The effects themselves are nicely grouped together in one package                
Easy to use, comfortably controlled                
Broke twice from simple operation, no stomping, transporting, or abuse involved. Main concern                
Maybe if you baby it and use the stereo function it would be worth something.                
I don't know, never called Behringer directly for support but there was no repairing the item and no factory issued warranty which isn't disappointing exactly for the money. I still support Behringer                
Looks good in pics, but up close you see that it's plastic which is a turnoff if you're looking for a professional appearance.                
Have your thirty dollars ready? Now take your money, roll it up, and burn it. Congratulations, you just accomplished the equivalent of purchasing a Behringer multi-effects pedal. This item quit after the first time I used it once, I had it replaced on warranty through the seller and after three uses, the second pedal was in the same condition. The red light comes on and no sound comes out. Save yourself the money, a lot of headache, and possible gig embarrassment by NOT buying this.                
I am used to playing through a class A tube amp, but needed something for church to use my custom pedal board. I was pleasantly surprised with the sound I got from this box. Convincing tube amp sound through the PA. As a DI box, this is the best electric sound I've had playing through a PA system. Great clean sound was very easy to find.                
Not a lot of features, which is nice. Simple to get a good clean sound. I have boutique overdrive effects so I was looking for something clean. Simple tone controls. You can also get a nice overdriven sound with this but I preferred my pedals for that.                 
Very easy to use. Plug it in, dial in your sound, and go. Doesn't get much easier than that.                
This pedal is well made, but it is plastic. I knew that. Sound wise it compares to other similar pedals, but this is a third of the price. You get what you pay for. I leave this on the platform at church and it never moves. I don't think it would hold up to use on the road, but it's good for what I need it for and for what I paid for it. Seems like it will be reliable as long as it is taken care of.                
For the price this can't be beat. You could spend a lot more on similar items that might be built better, but you'll pay for it.                 
I have never dealt with the company. From what I've heard I don't know that I will ever have to.                
This is just a practical addition to my set up. Patty Griffin and Emmylou Harris provide sex appeal for me, not equipment.                
Good piece of equipment, depending on how long it lasts will determine my overall satisfaction with this pedal. If it were lost or stolen I would have to get another one just for the sheer value and effectiveness of it for the price.                
It's not bad at all. Tweed clean with the drive all the way down is the only setting that will actually do a truly clean setting. But it's a decent tweed sounding clean. Distortion sounds are useable and better then I expected.                 
I love the XLR output and the quarter inch (non speaker simulated) output. Very cool. I wish other sans amp units would take note of this.                 
Pretty straight forward and self explanatory. If you can use an amp you can use this.                 
Haven't had it long, but it's a bit more robust build quality then I would have expected, for the money. And for the money, if I get a year out of it, I'll be happy.                 
For the money this thing is great. It does make a bit of noise, but nothing unacceptable for a live situation. Great for a small budget studio. Or an apartment studio with no ability to use an amp. I use it for late night practice and recording without waking the whole neighborhood.                  
Never used it.                 
Overall I'm very pleased with this unit. Especially considering the price I paid for it. Had I paid more I might not have been so happy with it though.                 
The different sounds are fairly authentic. I use it primarily for recording. It hums a little more than I'd like it to...but what pedal doesn't?                
Very easy to use. Just plug in and fiddle around!                
Seems very solid. I've only used it in the studio but, I would gig with it and be confident it would meet my needs.                
Big bang for the bucks.                
It's not sexy....it just does the job well.                
Short of going out and buying three full sized amps, I couldn't ask for more from this pedal. I still have and use some 30+ year old pedals...I hope this one lasts as long. If it did break or wear out I would probably replace it.                
The unit models 3 different amps and also allows straight pass-thru. The output levels are wildly different, the tweed level is very low, the straight-thru is a little louder, and the 2 others are crazily louder, making it very tricky to switch between them. Also, even with the drive set to the lowest setting, the 2 non-tweed settings distort (my mixer wasn't indicating overload, so the distortion was coming from the Behringer).
I actually thought the unit was defective following an exchange with tech support, and ordered a different one from a different source, and it was exactly the same. The tweed setting did sound a little bluesy, but muffled (I play blues). For the record, I was playing through a Mackie FX-12 mixer and Mackie SRM 450v2 speaker; the mixer has a DI box option built into one channel, and the guitar (1980 Gibson 335s with Dirty Fingers pick-ups) sounded better through that channel and integrated DI than through the Behringer into a normal channel.                
I purchased my Ultra-G direct box out of intrigue, and I'm glad I did. I am an experienced player, performing at some of the top night clubs in Columbus, OH with built in sound and experienced sound engineers. Every one of them has complimented the sound of the Ultra-G box, and at least two of them have decided to buy some of them based on hearing how good mine sounds. It's better than a mic in a live setting when used through a conventional line out, hands down. If you think otherwise, you must be using it incorrectly.                 
For what I needed it works great. Very quiet (with explanation!!!!)

QUIET EXPLANATION:  On my unit if I tried to engage the 4x12 speaker simulation, thats when I got a low hiss, and it stayed low, would not go up in volume when I raised the volume on the guitar but did when dialed in from the amp. So it was coming from the unit but since I do not use that function, no issue for me.  Otherwise the unit does not generate any noise what so ever when used just as a DI.  

It works great and is very rugged.  No issues.  Some complain about the batter access, I again found that it seemed pretty easy to change so no issue and I have also used it phantom powered.                 
Very easy to operate, love the pad switches, very useful when going into a mixer. Love the direct line out for monitor situations.                
Well made and Rugged. Set it and forget it.                
Compared to others this pedal gives you a tremendous bang for the buck. Buy it, if you don't like it, return it or just give it to a friend.                 
No experience with support, I own a few behringer devices and pedals and all work well.  Have not had to deal with Behringer support.                
Looks Good.                
Only con to this box is the noise from engaging the speaker simulation.  Since I don't use that function.  Does not matter.                
Very clear sound.  Put my guitar "up-front."  Watch out for your levels.  I was surprised at how much this little thing puts out!                
The cab simulation is very nice.  I suppose it could be better, but not for this price!!                
Good quality.  Built very well.  And, personally, I like the way it looks.                
This gets a definite 10!  Great product, at a great price!                
Haven't had any problems, but Behringer has never given me any problems with support before.                
Very useful, a must have for the down-to-earth musician.                
Like I said, great product.                
Ive compared this to alot of others and the sound is astounding! Creates a really big sound without the hassle of micing! use a mic and this box and your every nuance will be heard live!                
I wasn't sure if I wanted to get this, but at the price and the return policy, I didn't have anything to lose. Well after the reviews, which were on point, it's gonna serve me alright. I'm using it with my Fender Rhodes 73. Didn't like it for the guitar rig because of the hiss from the cabinet simulator, and I also ran into a RED BOX Classic. If I didn't have the Classic, I would be using it, except for the cab sim. Nice for the money.                
These DI's are quite nice, only seeming to have one sonic weakness, and that is the cabinet simulation causing a fair amount of hiss.  The cabinet simulation won't satisfy everyone, but as a live sound engineer, I like its overall tone more than simply having an amp (usually with the high frequencies at painful levels) blasting away in the room.                
This DI does everything a DI should do, and slightly more.  I just wish that the cabinet simulation didn't introduce any noise into the signal.                
I had one of these suffer a death where the input jacks seemed to somehow develop a short.  I opened the DI to see if there was anything I could do, but the jacks are sealed (and soldered to a PCB.)  What opening the box revealed, though, was that you would probably have to subject the box to a rather nasty impact to actually damage the electronics.                
Behringer has a reputation for lots of features for a low price, and this DI is a perfect example of that.                
I've only spoken to Behringer once, and they seemed quite helpful.                
This is a great addition to a live sound engineer's arsenal, although it doesn't inspire the same "it's nuke-proof" response as more heavily built DI boxes might.                
I am buying at least one more of these to make up for the one that had a problem.  The 4X12 simulation puts these DI's at the head of the pack for me.                
It sounds ok, I usually use the cab sim, its a little noisy but for my application this is a non-issue.  So I take the second speaker out of my twin reverb and go to the pa board as well as my recording setup (through an xlr splitter).  I like that there's no bleed from other instruments as opposed to using a mic.  On the recordings if I add some muktiband compression and reverb it comes out sounding pretty realistic.

On the other hand, I'm not satisfied yet (who is?), so I'm still trying other boxes.                
The cab sim sounds pretty nice and with the twin reverb blasting I use both 20db pads to get it down to a reasonable level for the pa.  It seems really rugged too which is nice.                
I would like to see a couple different speaker sims ala the palmer passive DI to shape your sound a few different ways.                
Very good, I didn't expect it to be this rugged.  Although, I wish it were passive, I hate using phantom power (and no way will I trust a battery at a live show).                
Never dealt w/them                
Well its a DI, certainly not a sexy piece of gear.                
Aleays searching for something better, haven't found anything yet.  I prefer this guy to micing the amp though.                
The sound is great. No buzz, No hum and the cab simulator is fantastic! Most DI boxes I've tried on guitar heads have a High-Freq. artifact to the output, not this one. I'm not sure why others complain about noise with the cab simulator because I have not experienced this. Very quiet and no High-Freq artifact!                
Very basic design and easy to use. The battery compartment is way to small though.. better to use this via phantom power.                
Built like a tank and I've road tested mine now for over a year.. I've just ordered my second one!                
Behringer has always been priced right!                
Never had to contact support.                
I really don't want to go back to micing up my cab live anymore. This box solved allot of live sound problems and I've got the rest of my boys using one as well. On my last CD I even recorded all of my solo's using just the Ultra-G (my head - Ultra G - ProTools) and it worked great (box handles 500W!!).. I can't live without it now!                
Overall this product is killer.. I'm still curious as to why others complain about noise with this but so far live and in the studio I have not seen this problem (I always run balanced lines so maybe they're converting over to unbalanced or something??) Anyway, I'm very impressed with the Ultra-G and for it's price you can't beat it! - MX  www.phist-productions.com                
Very realistic emulation of a mic-ed cabinet. A world of difference between simply running a DI and running the emulator. I very much prefer the sound of using the Behringer after my preamp over simply using a Tech21 Sansamp.                
Active single channel DI with "4x12" cabinet emulator. If only it came in dual channel version, for running stereo, and more options on the speaker emulation.                
Decent build quality. But as I noticed with some Behringer products, the battery compartment is a no brainer. It is way too small, making it difficult to insert and remove the battery. And they should have a more accessible cover as well. A screw over a metal plate isn't exactly the best idea.                
Excellant for the money!                
Never dealt with em, but their website is pretty informative.                
I went from DI to DI lookin for the right sound, this nails it right on. I want the freedom to use my own preamp & efx processors and have a DI box that has a speaker emulator. Sansamps sound terrible for that, only decent running standalone.                
Great product, will definately buy another in a heartbeat if this one gets lost.                
Cabinet emulation, which is why I bought this though I have Ultra DI100 from Behringer (which by the way works great!) makes a lot of noise. Cabinet feature is USELESS.
DI is great just as its cousin DI100. 
But forget the cabinet emulation.                
This baby cranks!!! Wanted to feed my headphones from my mixer rather than my 200 watt amp in my rack, but the output was took low for my "too long" in biz ears"....the little Behringer amp did the trick for 20 bucks! Fairly clean, and loud.                
4 separate amps with individual controls.                
Very simple to use                
Nice metal box...the knobs feel solid.                
no experience                
not sexy just works                
Clean, punchy and clear-no noise that I can hear. Drives even difficult headphones well.                
Comes with it's own wall wart- nice. Does what it should.                
4 individual volume knobs...how much easier can it get?                
Rating of 9, not 10 'cause there's gotta be a catch somewhere. Solid aluminum case. Don't step on it and it'll last for a long time.                
Direct dealer exchange for faulty product, responsive email support.                
I got one and gave it to my church. Now I want one for ME!                
This is being used in an unusual way- coming off of the matrix output of a Mackie Onyx large format mixer to distribute a non house mix to video and audio recording. The live mix is too heavy on vocals and keyboard, since everyone else uses their amps onstage. The matrix submix lets us compensate for that, and the HA400 lets me distribute that mix cleanly to different recorders at different levels. Perfect to feed a collection of pro- and consumer-grade units the church uses!                
Don't care what people say about Behringer, they make great, affordable products. Won't say much about this one except read the other reviews cause they're spot on! For the low price, thus headphone amp rocks! I will warn however that if you purchase it with the 4 Samson headphones (which I actually recommend doing) don't expect them to sound good. In fact, they're pretty crappy lol. That being said, you aren't going to be using them for sound quality. They're just for letting musicians play at the same time to get through the recording process. Again, the headphones are crap but for the extra $25 they'll serve their purpose and are worth the extra few bucks. Just make sure whoever is wearing them knows that you know they suck but they get the job done.                 
The sound is "LOUDER". it takes ANY one of my state of the art headphones and increases the volume much more than before. The sound is going to still vary depending on your headphones.

I own: regular ipod earbuds, cheap no brand head phones, Sennheiser 280HD, Logitech NCH, Bose Over ear, and Ultrasone HFI700.

ipod earbuds: with the amp, the sound was just louder, bleh. just pretend turning up the volume on the earphones until they blow. a bit distorted after turning them to high.

cheap headphones: theres no brand. they sound like crap. with the amp they sounded much better. but to me the sound was still pretty bad. 

Sennheiser 280HD: These are awesome cans to begin with and without the amp these are my favorite headphones because its high in quality and its cheap! They produce amazing highs and mids but lack a punchy bass. with the amp, they made these headphones with a much punchier bass but the highs sometimes were to high. nothing is distorted but just SUPER LOUD!!! which is a good thing because all you have to do is make sure your source volume is somewhat lower and bring the amp power higher. overall it made an improvement with my headphones but when it comes down to it. I can live without the amp with these headphones since these are almost perfect for what they are.  

Logitech NCH: These logitech head phones have decent amount of bass. the highs and mids are average but with the amp it was almost a world of a difference. i tried listening to music with these but the bass was just too much after awhile but then i put on a movie and it was almost insane! i think these would be the perfect movie headphone when paired with this amp because it makes the highs and mids better and the bass much more explosive. so when you're watching a scene where theres a huge explosion you can hear the sharpness and the earthshaking bass. ok maybe earthshaking is wAAAAAy exaggerated but thats okay because its still quite noticeable. overall, the amp is a must with these headphones.

Bose Over ear: I know a lot of audiophiles wouldnt say a lot about bose because there are much better stuff out there like Grado, AKG, Sennheiser, etc. but i really like these headphone because its probably the most well balanced headphones I've ever listen too. Its has good highs and mids while having a very VERY thumping bass. perfect for any music genre. these headphones become very powerful when connected to this amp. since these headphones are so well balanced everything becomes enhanced in every way. Again, the amp is a must accessory with my bose headphone.

Ultrasone HFI700: This headphone is my pride and joy. No one touches these or puts them on but me. music just sounds different with these headphones. when i say different, i mean it in the best way as possible. The sound can not be explained. it just cant. no matter what i say, no matter what i type, no matter how hard i try nothing will be able to describe how good these cans are. Now as i paired it with the amplifier the headphone became a live. 

no feature. it does one thing. adds more power to the headphones to give louder/ sound. but ask yourself, is louder better? HELL YEAH IT IS!                
its so easy even you can do it. = )                
alloy casing. average weight for its size. if i dropped it i wouldn't be concerned because its built VERY sturdy.                 
c'mon dude 20 bucks for a mini amp that can make your ears bleed?! FTW!                
the best support is no support. if i didnt have to pick up the phone to call then everything is alllllllllll good.                
i wanted to see how much better it could improve some of my head phones.                  
I'm completely satisfied with this product. Just understand that this amp will improve the sound by making your content LOUDER. since i own only 1 earbud i really can't be much help to other owners who perfer earbuds. in my own test, i found that the ipod earbuds is not needed. adjusting the volume knob on the amp to high will cause the earphones to get distorted very easily. As for headphones, it is a must. whether you like listening to rock, death metal, country, classical, blues, hiphop or watch dvds it will make your experience much more enjoyable. 

I'm going to find away to  hook this up to XBOX 360 and play gears of war on my headphones i bet it would be amazing as well. 
                
Does what it was made for amplifying the signal very nice and clean (using a nice pair of headphones of course). y use it as extra monitor output with clarett 8pre                
I bought 2 of these to replace homemade ones without volume controls in my studio.  The price was great and they were shipped quickly.  I tested all of the outputs and everything works great on them.  I was surprised at how small they are and was expecting them to be a little bigger but the size doesn't bother me.  They don't seem to add any noise to the signal path and they look good.                
better than I hoped for ,I bought the pack with the 4 nady phones was worried about the bad rap the phone have but so far they have held up fine .The amp is plug and play simple and noise free . For the price it was worth a shot .only problem I have is the line in and headphone outs are on the same side of the unit                 
I bought the Behringer Headphone Amp with the Nady Headphone Package (with four sets of headphones). Obviously, in a bundle like this, I didn't expect the headphones to be great, but they're adequate. The in-line, volume adjustment is a plus, but the stereo mini to stereo 1/4" adapters are sub-par. 2 out of 4 are useless.                 
Very pleased with the service and quality. Arrived in record time. Thank You so much.                
Hum and noise are non-existant.  I use the amp at low volume levels for late night TV viewing.  The bass is tight and the highs are smooth.  I am very happy with my purchase.                
Simple and easy to use.  Most all of my connections are 3.5mm, so had to find adaptors, but would rather have 1/4 phone as they seem to hold up longer.  Have had problems in other equipment with 3.5mm jacks breaking.                
Plug it in and go.  Didn't need a manual.                
I would have paid the price for a single channel amp.  This has 4.                
Did not have to contact company.                
This product is not sexy.  It is a practical design that gets the job done.                
This will last me a very long time.  I might consider buying a second one for the car so the kids can watch a dvd when we travel.                
My home studio set up is on a tight budget, and I just needed several singers to monitor tracks while laying down vocals.  There seems to be plenty of power (volume) in the headphones with no discernable distortion even at high volumes.                
This cost $19.99 - so don't expect any features besides individual volume controls.  It is perfect for what it is.                
Plug it in and go!                
Very simple metal box, single LED, 4 knobs.  All seems pretty solid.  I've had no trouble at all using it so far.  I was skeptical what I would get for so low a price, but I feel like this is a value!                
Seems like a great value for the price!                
N/A                
This is not a sexy item.  This is a "gets the job done, and done well on the cheap" type of item.                
This will do for me until the time comes when I am sure I want to invest more money into a more professional home studio.  When I do, Behringer will be my first choice.                
I ride a motorcycle and have three input devices.  Radar detector (mono), XM radio (stereo needs amplified), could have GPS mono voice.  The mixer/amp worked great on the motorcycle and the individual volume levels for each input was usful on set up.  During driving, the individual devices (except XM) could be adjusted.  If radar went off in city, its volume could be turned down.                
Could you build one that has 1/8th inch input/output.  Again, I see a great motorcycle potential as is and even better with modifications.  The modifications should not cost $55.00 but you could ask that much more for an "improved" product.                
I give sound a ten because i cant find anything wrong with it. seems clear and loud. no complaints.                
I give features 7 beacuse although it is incredibly ease to maintain and operate, it does not have the simplest or most functional feature, the ON/Off switch. You basically have to keep it plugged in and theres a glowing green light that gets kind of annoying if its on all the time. so leave it plugged in, or bend over to plug it in every time.                 
Could not be easier to use. plug and go! no instructions needed!!                
very light, almost too light. but straight, and to the point. i had to put four little rubber feet on the bottom so it didnt scratch my other gear and so i didnt have to hold it with both hands to plug something in/out.                
cannot be beat for the price! Period! I would have paid AT LEAST twice what it costs if i were to guess.                
havent needed any...                
Sex appeal?? hardly. its a rigid little metal box with pointy corners and knobs sticking out...but if your into that sort of thing, thats a whole other story...                
Overall had to give 9. it functions well and cannot be beat for the price. but could not give a 10 for lack of the ON/OFF switch. other than that. its excellent.                
I shopped several brands and models of headphone amps for GizmoProductions.net, and wanted something portable to move to where the artists were recording, so that THEY could have control of their volume, similar to an Aviom. It works great for 2-4 vocalists or a vocalist/guitarist duo, or any other configuration. Great price, great simplicity, sturdy construction, and a great deal with the optional headphones!                
Don't waste your money.  I understand that it only costs $20 and you can't expect it to knock your socks off but I thought I'd be able to get a reasonable volume level out of it! BAH!!!  I can't get it turned up even a quarter of the way it's all noise, noise and noise. It's junk.  RUN AWAY NOW!!!                
not too shabby! (for behringer...)
                
well, it does what it's supposed to. I dont think this product exactly

has any "features!"

Dear Behringer:

In the next model, please put the headphone jacks on the front and the

input/power on the back! (duh!!) And make it rackable with a bunch next to it. And give it some pretty lights. And make the space where it says "level 1, level 2" a whiteboard-like material that you can use wipable markers on. Or better yet, make it a big LED screen programmable by USB, so I can put the name of each person's mix on it. Oh and I guess while you're at it, please add Auxiliary inputs and blend pots. And make the power supply internal. Or battery powered. Or both. Am I asking too much?                
It's metal - nice one boys!                
OK I gotta admit it's dirt-friggin-cheap and does exactly what they advertise. I don't feel ripped off having bought this; I knew exactly

what I was getting into.                
N/A/ Who the heck needs tech support for a headphone amp like this? I can't believe I'm writing this review....                
Just saw it, bought it, whatever.                
I wasn't exactly searching the world over for something like this. I do get a lot of comments about it though. 6/10.                
the 60hz hum is ridiculus. cant believe nobody has noticed this, a waste of good money                
This product sounds fine if you're simply hooking headphones directly into the unit.  In fact, it sounds quite good.  However, it DOES NOT WORK over long distances (25' - 50') of low gauge wire, such as a snake.  I believe this is due to impedance issues.                
This has the basic features you need to split and individually amp a signal 4 times.  It lacks 1/8" in/out, but that's solved using an adapter.                
Doesn't get any easier than this.                
This unit looks and works fine.  The knobs feel a little chintzy, but not too bad.  However, I have other Behringer equipment that feels a lot sturdier than this, so this is certainly not their shining product.                
Impedance issues aside, this is a very good deal.                
It's functional, but not sexy.                
The unit sounds good, but only if you're jacking a pair of headphones directly into it.  It doesn't work over long runs of low gauge wire (such as a snake), making it unsuitable for many professional/semi-pro studios.  I returned the unit and bought an ART HeadAmp4 - WELL WORTH THE EXTRA $20.  The ART is much better built, the knobs feel nicer, it's stackable, and it has 1/8" and 1/4" jacks.  If you have a pro studio, go with the ART.  If you've got a small home studio and don't intend to expand, the Behringer will probably work well for you.                
I got this thing as we(the band) needed it because during recording our drummer had a hard time hearing the guitar/bass tracks(we're using an fostex x-16) and therefore had a hard time keeping tempo, He was never really of by much, but as a musician I am sure you know already it doesn't take much to ruin a good tune by being just a hair off tempo.                
Simple device                
Just plug in your headphones and crank the volume up, Doesn't get much easier than that.                
Have had no problems so far, It's built pretty tough although it just rests on a desktop for recording so I haven't really tested it in rougher conditions than the home studio. I am also really gentle on all my gear so I don't foresee any major problems with this box.                
We bought this amplifier mainly because of the drummer he can now actually hear everything the guitars are doing and hits the timing dead on like he should so that makes it worth quite a bit to us. The other neat feature is we can hook up multiple headphones now also, so while I am mixing tracks the rest of my bandmates can grab a pair a headphones and listen to the mixdown as well.                 
Haven't needed any support.                
It's perfect for what we needed for. If you happen to record your rough drafts & demos on old school equipment like us this will help you out for sure. Heck, even if you use more modern equipment it doesn't hurt to have a volume boost for your headphones. It also seems to bring out some good definition in the sound as well. Overall I'd say buy one even if you think you may not need it. It's defiently a useful tool to have hanging around just in case.                
The channels that worked were clean, but the first one I received had a dead left channel on the #1 output. I returned it and they sent me another which had dead left channel on #2 out put. Exchanged it for an ART unit which seems to be working very well.                
The two units I have had both had bad out puts.                
I use this to amplify my claretts 8pre outputs via TS cable direct into the HA8000 inputs, being able to make separate monitor mixes via DAW. The signal amplification is just perfect and enought to track or as daily use. Love it                
Bought this headphone amp back in March of this year.  While it worked, it  did what it was supposed to do.  However, it just quit on me two days ago.  So, all told it lasted me exactly 6 months.  That's what I get for trying to buy on the cheap.  Do yourself a favour and steer clear of this Behringer product.                
I absolutely love the sound of this pedal.  I (like most of us) am very meticulous with my sound and this Hellbabe pedal really hit the mark.  I'm able to use it quite comforably with Damageplan, BLS and Metallica-style covers.  I also use the Ibanez Weeping Demon - a good pedal, but the Ibanez sucks a little tone (still good for less 'heavy' uses), whereas I don't have that same issue with the Hellbabe.                
Real simple to use with the optical on-off.  I haven't experienced the 'noise' issue others have in the ratings, but I did experience the pedal not switching off automatically when I removed my foot.  I opened the case (from the bottom) like I had to do with my old Morley and pushed the optical 'eye' down just slightly and BAM, problem fixed.  So...I don't know how long it'll hold up with gigging (I've found myself being a little more tender with it now when moving it around), but there are very few moving parts so it'll be an easy adjustment if something goes outta whack.  The plastic casing is fine.                
I've had Crybaby's/Morley/and Ibanez and they've all had 'issues' of some sort, so the fact I had to minimally adjust the optical eye is not an issue to me.  It's been fine ever since and sounds awesome.                
Absolutely fantastic.  It IS, for all intents-and-purposes, the Dimebag Wah (for $150) but for $29 (minus the metal dime-o-flage casing).                  
I haven't needed it...that's the best kind of support.                
Well...I chose a nine because it looks like every other standard wah...nothing more special (or less).                
If I totally break (or lose) this thing, I'll definitely replace it with another Behringer Hellbabe....definately.                
Adjustable tones                
Good quality                
It does what it's supposed to at a fraction of the cost.  I dare you to find another Wah pedal for less than this one.                
It's a perfectly good pedal.                
I don't see any need to buy a more expensive pedal.  What can other wah pedals do that this one can't?  If you want a good pedal for a great price, this is it.                
The overall sound of this unit is every bit as good as Dunlop Wah

its designed to emulate, I tried this thing side by side with a Dimebag Crybaby before i bought it and the difference in sound was

very minute. Comparibly an excellent effect at a fraction of the

cost of its rival.                
This product features a few very usefull controls that you don't

find on every wah, Q-control, adjustable frequency range, I.E.-

highs and Lows, toe down range control, and a boost level adjustment,

not to mention the fact that its activated by optical control instead of a push button toe switch.You do however have to play around with the boost and time adjustment for the on/off switch to avoid excessive noise during paused playing parts.                
The guts of this effect seem to perform very well, however the 

body is only high impact plastic , but it seems quite solid.

The one thing they could do to improve this unit is to put

the guts in a metal case.                
Very good value for the price.                
No service needed so far.                
Well its not really an attractive effect, but it does its job and

sounds good in the process. It was a practical addition to my

set up,i bought 2 of these to use in my pedal boards for my Pantera tribute band.                
I'm very content with these units, if they broke I'd probably

replace the unit with the same. I like the fact that this unit sounds

every bit as good as the other $200 wahs that i already own, at a third of the cost.                
I dont know how I lived without it,even playin with myself its better than sex.                
Worst feature unfortunately is its low power comsumption,when plugged into a normal power supply,around 800ma,it clips badly losing much of

its dynamic sound range(which really is quite good).I'd like to see it with own power supply built in,right now,(I use wall warts).Dont think it actually needed all that gain,but its handy,I guess.                
Just plug it in and get your ROCKS OFF!                
Seems solidly built,but I'm not that abusive with musical instraments,after thirty some years playing with minimal monies coming in a person learns to take care of things.                
Kiler diller!                
Not yet.                
Well designed,well built,very responsive too my desires.Sh goes well with other mind candy,very compatible type,a nice personality that goes well its other traits.                
A while.It stands on its own merits.Wanted similar for quite some time but purchased things for other instraments,flute,and am now plenty glad that I found this one and think I would seek out another identical to it.                
Got a Mprley Pro2, and this bad Pedal puts it to shame.If you master the adjustments, it kicks.Made solid,ease of use. Also have after that a Ultra Wah, what a combo.It will take a beating, supply is only $10,(do a little shopping).I like it better that Dunlop, Morley, and price is Great.                
Makes a little click that's annoying when the wah is activated.                
Not Bad                
READ THE DIRECTIONS!!                
Plastic seems to stand up OK.  I own one and my son also owns one and both have had the hinge pin slip out the right side requiring that after some use you have to push it back in.  Otherwise yo may be surprised with a loose pedal                
Compared to the price of others, this is a great value...                
Haven't had to contact them for support.                
Looks fine...Hey it's a pedal.                
I would rather have a Crybaby, but for the price and my budget at the time, this was fine.                
It sounds the same or better than all the other pedals i've tried. It has a knob that lets you change the ammount of wah which is useful.                
It has a boost feature and you can change the ammount of wah you want. I find the springback feature on this pedal easier to use than the Crybaby style one, but thats just a matter of personal taste.                 
Its a wah peadal. Not exactly complicated.                
It seems fairly rugged, however i would not be confident to stand on it. I think it'll last a few years but deffinately not for ever. But then it only cost 30 pounds.                
Great value for 30 pounds. It will probably last a while and does the job just as well as a more expensive model would.                
I dont know.                
I'd rather have a crybaby but this is a great pedal for intermediate use.                
Works very well for what it is, great value for money. It does everything I'd expect it to and when it breaks i'l buy another one.                
You definitely get a wah sound with this pedal, and the controls do offer tweakability.But the biggest thing that I have against this pedal is the limited range of the wah.HEY BERINGER...MORE RANGE, PLEASE.I consider this an excellent value at 30 bucks.I have used it alone, and in combination with the digital effects on my Beringer GMX212 amp, which is a very cool combination.I also put this behind a Big Muff Pi in the effects chain with good results (be patient and experiment).If I lost it, I'd get another one.Well made and durable.Buy it and you will find a use for it...I did!!!!                
More controls than a plain jane pedal.                
Tweak controls take a little getting used to; more subtle than most pedals.                
Well made, holds up to my big heavy feet.                
It's worth the price I paid for it, and then some.                
I have several Beringer products and so far have never needed support.                
Attractive and sturdy design.                
Even though I will be getting more wah pedals in the future, this one will be used often, and usually in conjunction with other stomp boxes.                
Does not suck tone. Very impressive wah sound with other features that make this pedal worth every penny. The boost is activated with the pedal slightly pressed forward, the wah is activated by pushing the pedal more forward. The range is very limited, but this can be overcome by modifying (voiding warranty) the board attached to the foot pedal inside the unit. This gives it a fuller useful range. The mod makes it a 10.                 
The boost and Q range for tonal quality is a plus for this pedal.                
Same as any other wah pedal - press pedal and it is activated.                
Hard plastic that is sturdy. I have dropped several pedal by Behringer and haven't had any crack or stop working, so I imagine this will apply to this pedal as well. I don't have any backup pedals as these Behringer's seem tank worthy. Remember the old Fisher-Price toys that are made of plastic that your kids couldn't destroy. Well, these can be compared to those toys.                
Best value for any wah pedal! With the boost and Q-settings make this even a better value than any wah pedal.                
I had two of these pedals come in not working properly. Behringer and ZZounds are quick to answer and resolve the problem. I give both a ten(10), very rare these days.                
Excellent addition to my gear. Not sexy, but is a technical marvel. Haven't seen anything else out there like it.                
If stolen I would replace it, I notice that the price is going up.                
pretty good with an ibanez tone blaster                
could have had more, but what was there was good                
i had it running and annihilating in about 5 minutes after i bought the 9-volt battery                
for that cheap it's pretty awesome.                
totally worth the money. if you've got more $$, go with the dunlop crybaby, but if your budget is low, go for it.                
oh yeah. it's awsesome. it looks cool with my black guitar and black amp.                
for beginners, this is a pretty good, non-pricey pedal. reccommended!                
It's great. Some reviews indicate that the pedal is rather subtle, but I find that with a little tweaking it sounds just right.                
It would be nice if it had an integrated PSU/came with a wallwart, but other than that I really don't have any complaints. It's got a Q control to vary the shape of the wah from a more "round" to a "sharp" sound, and a "fine tune" control which apparently adjusts the high end. I'd rather have a pedal that had a click switch to turn on and off; the automatic off feature of this is a bit annoying if it's turned down too short.                
It might take a little bit of tweaking to get the right sound. Once it's set up, though, there's not much to it-put your foot on it and go.                
The plastic construction seemed a little dodgy when I was looking at it, but I don't think it's an issue-there's a thick metal plate on the bottom which should lend support, and the entire pedal feels solid.                
This seems to be the cheapest wah available, but it definitely doesn't sound/feel cheap.                
I haven't had a need to contact the company.                
If price was no issue, I don't know if I'd choose this pedal over any other.                
If it was stolen, I'd buy another.                 
When I first plugged the hb in i was a little dissapointed. But, after just turning a few of the REALLY useful knobs, (Q, range, fine tuning, boost) I got the sound i was really looking for. I have a Jackson dxmg with passive emgs, and a Crate GTD65. I play Metallica!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Guns N Roses, Iron Maiden and this thing works well for solos. For $30, you can't beat it.                
I love the Q control the fine tuning(pretty much presence),  and range. More features than any  other wah i know. You can really fine tune your sound. There is also a boost, it does exactly that, boosts your sound. However, it is NOT an overdrive. It just boosts your sound a little bit like turning  the master volume a quarter inch. can get muddy if all the way up.                 
Pretty easy to use nice knobs for everything. wish the button for the boost was not on the side so you could actually use it live. I love the spring. I also love that you just have to put your foot on it.                
I just got the wah today. There where no loose parts. I was really surprised at the weight and sturdiness of it. It is metal.                
Way cheaper than CryBaby or Vox. Also has great q control that i love. It is not a Crybaby or vox it is unique. And 30 bucks.                
Have never dealt with Behringer. ZZOUNDS IS AMAZING!!! They had it at my door in two days! i ordered ground shipping! Also great order tracking and support.                
Sexy black and steel. Q control. i like it.                
I've been playing for 10 months more than half an hour 7 days a week. I love the price because i'm 13 and can't afford 100 for a wah. I love that i can play the Enter Sandman solo and have it sound good! If it was stolen I'd find the guy and beat him with the wah. if it were stolen i'd buy it again or wait and get the Pod xt live or vox tonelab because i've been wanting to get one of those                
Sound is where the pedal really lacks. First, it adds noise when in the up position (straight guitar). Next, even with straight guitar it changes the tone of the sound, adds a little too much treble. I've tried many settings and configurations and I just can't get it to leave my tone alone. The actual wah effect sounds good.                
Has a ton of options. Not sure they all work exactly as they are supposed to, but it has more options than many pedals on the market. I really like the default to straight guitar feature.                
It's a wah pedal. Pretty easy to use.                
Built well. Has some plastic that may not hold up well if gigging regularly, but due to the tone change I wouldn't even consider this as part of my stage rig.                
$29.99, it's a great value. Perfect pedal for practice.                
I've never had to use Behringer support, but they do offer quite a bit online. Most of their products perform exactly as one would expect for the price being paid.                
Nothing spectacular about it.                
I'll always use this pedal in my practice room at home. I won't ever put it on a stage. Seems to built well enough that I won't ever have to worry about it breaking. I've got other Behringer stuff and it holds up well.                
 This is the same sound you get out of any other wah pedal. It sounds great for rock music, jazz music, country music, or whatever else you may play. The settings can be slightly adjusted to change the boost of sound when using wah or the amount of wah. It sounds great on guitar, and you can play it on bass, but I would recommend a wah pedal made specificully for bass.                
 This product has a couple of features that let you adjust the amount of wah or the sound boost, and also some other stuff. You will really like the spring-back feature and the grip.                
 There is a learnig curve in using this product, but there is going to be a learning curve using all wah pedals. Once you get used to it it will be easy to use, with great playability. If you are playing an uncommon style of music it may be hard to get your specific sound you desire and you will have to rely on your amp.                
 It comes with a nice spring-back feature and sound boost controls. It also comes with other features that can control other aspects like the amount of wah in use. I am confident in it's durability in fact I would be fine with people jumping on it. It is built very well.                
 With the low price and great sound this is a must buy. Do not go and buy a wah pedal for over $100. I wouldn't even buy one over $50 because this sounds exactly the same.                
I have never dealt with this company.                
 This is a just a simple wah pedal. There is nothing really special about it other than it's great price and sound.                
 I am confident that this will be the only wah pedal I will ever buy, until I break this one. Has great features and sound. If this pedal ever breaks, or something, I will get the exact same one due to the great price and sound. It gives me the exact sound I want.                
the sound is perfect.the only thing is the click sound it makes wen u it powers on an off.it sounds awesome on amps 20 watts or higher.it can be used for bass but it doesnt sound that good                
it has a boost button w/ sum volume tone knob like things.it has a range knob which it plays with the tone.                
it can be a pain to use.u cant bring it all the way up cuz itll shut off.it works well with delay and revrb really well(boss pedals the work best).                
evn tho its plastic its vry durable.i would rely on it wit my life it is so good..it would be perfect for any gig                
best wah for the price.it is just like dunlops dimebag crybaby.for evry1 with a small budget an want a wah get this1                
it is perfect for classic rock,metal,u name it.its perfect                
i will use this forever.or until they make another1                
This has a great sound. I use it for a bunch of the solos i do. Sounds a lot like metallica.                 
Everything you need, althogh i dont understand why you need 2 outut switches.                
You just push it down.                 
It broke within a month. Whenever i push it down, it makes a very loud spealing noise, and when its on clean, the sound gets taken way from my guitar even when its not pushed down. Its cheap.                 
Its a good value for as long as it still works.                 
Impossible to find any ansers on the behringher site.                
When i saw it i wanted it but now i wish i had saved up for the crybaby.                 
I need another wah-wah. Its definetely a good thing to have, but there is no way im getting it from behringher.                 
This is a very nice sounding wah pedal. I would even say it is as good as the crybaby sometimes. I played some old 60s Clapton style stuff with it and it sounded spot on!                
It has a fully customizable range and boost features to get the tone your looking for                
I had to monkey with this pedal beacuse it was shipped broken to me, In an idle position, I would not get my regular guitar sound. If you are logical and intuitive, you could fix it. (I did my wedging a piece of wood into the pedal to make it always on XD)                
It broke before it got here... it is a cheap plastic piece of junk. I have never really gone "on the road" at all, so I would not know... The optical eyes was a mistake on Behringer's part.                 
If you want to take the time to mod it to your likeing then it is worth it.                
I didn't have to talk to them at all                
This was my first pedal so I wanted it bad.                
I like this pedal a lot. It's range feature gives you about any tone you want. I know many people think this pedal is junk, but if you want good tone for a cheap price GO FOR IT!!!                
i am almost a professional guitarist and this thing plays better than most wah pedals on the market. it is now my main wah pedal.                
all of the controlls work great and if you happen to break the product its just like $30 so its not too much of a los if you break it.                
the spring is perfect with just enough resistance                
mostly plastic but for the price who can argue?                
its not that good looking but i dont care sound is all i care about                
The Hellbabe is very attractive with its multitude of features at a very competitive price. I liked the switchless operation (but disliked the deactivation timer) and the boost function a lot. I found the sound to be "ok". Not as nice as a Crybaby or a Morley, but it did the job. However, in my experience the sound gets worse with time. After about two months of use, it started to make "popping" sounds when the effect was active, and the wah effect itself was getting less and less pronounced. This is not due to a bad battery; I use a DC adapter with it. I would guess that a capactor has gone bad. This thing is now useless to me. The Hellbabe is also a less than ideal platform for modding, since the electronics are all surface mounted. You would be better off with a low end offering from Dunlop or Morley; at least that would be something that you could mod to be useful.                
This is a pretty awesome sounding pedal - Beats my old Boss V-Wah which was about 4 times as expensive and about 4 times as noisy in use/                
Excellent - tweakable q control, fine tuning and a preset boost with side-switch operation - like the top end Dunlop wahs.                
So easy - any stting sounds good. And it even sounds good with my Jazz Bass, since I can tweak the sound to suit the instrument.                
Here's where it falls down. The casing is solid, the electronics haven't broken, but what has happened is that the pin holding the treadle to the bass falls out when the pedal is used vigorously. And the wah doesn't operate until halfway through it's upward travel. Sort the quality out, Behringer. May have to modify it to suit...                
Come on, you find an optical wah with boost and fine tuning and Q control for this money...                 
Hmmm...                
It's a black wah pedal - not exactly unusual, huh?                
If I can successfully iron out the faults, then I'll be thoroughly impresses. If not, well, I only wasted                 
The sound is good for bass players as you can adjust the frequency affected. The fine tune knob helps dial in the right frequency for your instrument and the Q know adjusts the peak (high peak or more mellow peak)                
There is a boost function in case you need a little more gain, but i don't need that as a bass player. It doesn't use pots, so as it gets old, you won't have a lot of static when you move the pedal.                 
Pretty straight forward, although it takes a little time to find the right sound. the pedal activates once you push it down. One downside to this pedal is that it will deactivate if you leave it up too long, but you can adjust that.                
Metal base and solid plastic body. It feels very reliable and it would be fine for regular use. I don't recommend throwing it down a flight of stairs to test it, but it looks and feels like it could take some abuse.                
This product is definitely a great buy. At $40-50, this product performs very well.                
I haven't dealt with Behringer yet, as the product is working just fine. Zzounds, however, is amazing. I found this product advertized on amazon.com for a cheaper price, and Zzounds were happy to beat it. I got it for $39.54 with free shipping!                
I like how well it worked with my setup (Fender Jazz Bass, Markbass Mini CMD 121p). I have it going through my effects loop and it sounds great! I did laugh, though, when I got home and saw the box it came in. It came in a box that was 2'x1.1' 1"x9". Clearly a giant box for this item, but it was protected well and gave me a good laugh!                
Great Pedal for one who does not wish to pay $80+ for a decent wah!                 
it's quiet normal, but sometimes it starts to crack or something like that                
Many options, but not very usefull                
Quiet easy                
Not very happy, because it's made of plastic and top part of pedal is shaking and I'm afraid it will broke :|                
Product worth its price ! I'm happy about ths pice, because I wanted to try out the Wahs and it had the best price of them all                 
it's normal                
It's not the best wah and it is not very resistance, but if you don't have much money and want to try out the wahs, then it's the best deal !                
I just got this pedal, plugged it in. The sweep is horrible! It also makes a weird popping when you let off the pedal. its not like a normal wah you cant leave it in different positions. It has a spring that disengages the pedal when you lift your foot. I tried adjusting the different controls to get some kind of usable tone but then after playing for like twenty minutes it just stopped working all together. I love Behringer pedals. I know they are cheaply constructed, but this pedal is a joke!                 
Behringer's Hellbabe wah pedal is well-built, sounds gutsy and provides great value. The guitarist in my band uses this as his single pedal wah of choice, especially for its nice price. (he useshis multiple effects Boss ME-50 for his main wah sound, with its excellent and spacey modulation capabilities.) The Hellbabe is similar-sounding to a dunlop wah with a little less grit to its sound. It's not like a Morley wah at all, which I'd like to own for keyboards. I'm purchasing the Hellbabe (and a Behringer reverb machine vintage reverb pedal) with my next $100. If you need a broad or special, sweepable "Q" , then this is't the pedal for you- many of this sort of wah are available- but if you want and need a good, overall wah at a sweet price, then get to know this Babe!                
Behringer's Hellbabe wah pedal is well-built, sounds gutsy and provides great value. The guitarist in my band uses this as his single pedal wah of choice, especially for its nice price. (he useshis multiple effects Boss ME-50 for his main wah sound, with its excellent and spacey modulation capabilities.) The Hellbabe is similar-sounding to a dunlop wah with a little less grit to its sound. It's not like a Morley wah at all, which I'd like to own for keyboards. I'm purchasing the Hellbabe (and a Behringer reverb machine vintage reverb pedal) with my next $100. If you need a broad or special, sweepable "Q" , then this is't the pedal for you- many of this sort of wah are available- but if you want and need a good, overall wah at a sweet price, then get to know this Babe!                
the sound wasn't to bad, it didn't offer enough "tweakability" for me. it made very mild sounds compared to what i wanted it to do. i played with all the knobs i could find and it didn't give me the sound i was really wanting, but at 30 bux it wasn't horrible.                 
features kinda suck, there are alot in terms of what u can look at, but im a man of specific taste when it comes to sound and the features didn't matter because they didn't do enough for me at all. also, i'd like to be able to click the pedal on and off instead of having it be optical. that part kinda sucked cuz of the lag time.                
its pretty simple, there were a few knobs on the side that i thought did very little for the quality of the wah, but it is very straightforward.                
its a 30 dollar berhinger, and u get exactly that. i decided to make a pedal board today and had to take the rubber feet off the bottom of the pedal, the screws holding the feet in were crap. after i finally got the feet off and somehow managed to get the screws back in i saw an adjustment for the bypass delay time or something like that on the back, i decided to give that a shot and see what happened. the damn thing broke off inside the pedal, so i had to unscrew the pedal (the screws now have NO head on them and are completely useless, and the piece to adjust the bypass delay time is done for. i tried fixing it but couldn't get it to work, so now my pedal is stuck with like 3ish seconds of bypass delay time and not even worth the trip to throw it out. i've had other berhinger products and they are very cheap, but they are also very poorly made and almost always of low quality, this pedal was no exception.                 
i owned the pedal for about a year and a half till it did went tits up on me. so if ur on a tight budget and just want a very basic wah pedal this one is a good bet, just don't expect it to hold up forever. but if u aren't worrying about money go with like a morley or the good 'ol crybaby                
haven't had to deal with them directly. i looked around on their website and the way they word their warranty it looks like they don't wanna give up any more services than they absolutely have to.                
its a wah pedal, not to much flair going on. just basic, but it gets the job done                
i think im gunna save up and buy a decent wah, or possibly like the EHX  HOG  that thing is awesome, and incorporated wah, with many other things it can do.                
This pedal has tried to give the user a variety of wah sounds but really fails to give anything that is close to any of the common wah's that we are used to.                 
Plenty of adjustments but they don't really do a whole lot or really help to improve or change the overall sound. Would be better to have less or no features and at least produce ONE good wah effect.                
Read the manual, it's not a supercomputer.                 
The case is sturdy enough for general use. The pin that hold the pedal to the base works loose all the time. The tiny piece of card that moves inside the unit that activates the optical sensor is junk. It has to be cut manually by the user to get the wah to really work properly...that means opening up the unit and using a calculated guess to get it right.                 
I think I paid 29 bucks for mine, now they are 40!! guess if you are really poor you could buy it as a foot exerciser.                 
Never dealt with Behringer.                
It takes up space in my closet, it's a good door stop...too big for a paper weight.                 
Forget it, come on now guys, just pay the extra $30 and at least get a Dunlop Original, it'll give you a real 'wah' and last for donkeys.                  
The boost of this pedal is very nice, could not get the blasted thing to work properly on wah setting, take off your foot, and the effect defaults to regular guitar sound......not good.                
I found the fact that if you take off your foot, it basically defaults to straight guitar was not a good thing. In fact, I tried to adjust that factor outta the mix and just plain gave up on it. Sold it for less than I paid to get something else.                
Maybe it was just me, but I wish I had just paid the extra money and bought a good old Cry baby, now there is a pedal that you can take your foot off, and lo and behold it will play for decades like mine, 30 yrs and still works like a champ, duct tape and all.                
built like a brick outhouse, but if you cannot count on it to work if your foot is off from it, why even worry if it was made outta paper mache?                
My opinion of the pedal is this....buy something else..CRYBABY whatever.                
Here I gotta say that Behringer did do right by me when my GMX212 went belly up. Called em up, and they gave me a shipping number for ups and even shipped me a brand new one the next day. There I would say they went the extra mile. Maybe my pedal was defective. I guess I should have tried...I did not.....not their fault.                
Like kissing your sister.....butt ugly sister at that. EWWWWWWWW! no wait, I like that!not really just fooling.                
I fiddled with it for over a yr and finally gave up.....I am not some brainiac, but I think the instructions are a might hard to cypher.....                
Really great sounding wah!!  Very responsive and dynamic.  It gives you exactly what you want from a wah pedal and much, much more.  The tone is incredible, and almost infinitely tweakable.  You can dial in super clean shimmering high end sweeps, or throaty, vocal classic wah sounds ... the range control allows this to be used with a bass guitar on the lowest setting, which also lends a really off the beaten path "I'm using a bass wha" with my guitar 'whallop' effect.  It's a really fun pedal, because it is  absolutely loaded with features!  The features and dials are pretty straight forward. Spend an hour with this wah and you'll realize you have several different types of classic wah's in one incredibly inexpensive pedal!!  The best part is that it is noiseless - it uses an optical sensor instead of a potentometer -- so good riddance to scratchy, hiss laden garbage in the signal.  The old Crybaby pedal I was using actually picked up am radio broadcast!  I bought this wah in a pinch, because my crybaby pedal is overdue for a pot change-out, and I needed a replacement yesterday, but I couldn't get it to the tech in time -- so I bought this Behringer as a stand in.  I'll still fix the crybaby, but I'm thinking I'll lean on this Behringer wah for a bit yet.  The one major thing that takes some getting used to is the on/bypass feature -- there is no 'toe-forward switch on/bypass'  -- as soon as you touch the pedal, it is on and functioning, which is nice, because you don't have to 'toe-forward' to switch it on or bypass!!  I like that personally and I think it's a great improvement.  BUT ... If you are used to aggressively rocking your wah all the way back -on the default setting, you will notice that the 'heel down' position instantly goes into bypass, and YOU WILL hear a pop!!  There is a delay adjustment that is not obvious but is clearly marked and accessible from the bottom of the pedal ... you can adjust that delay up to two seconds, which allows the pedal to be at full 'heel down' position while playing, and then as soon as you leave it there, it will switch off. I personally like the 'instant on' functionality of this pedal, but it takes learning a little finesse, which is how a wah should actually be used...                
This pedal is loaded with features that pedals costing 8 times as much don't even have!                
I'm giving it an eight, because it takes a slight, very slight learning curve to get used to the way this pedal turns on and off --- we're all so used to 'toe-down' to switch on and off.  If you use the default settings, you simply cannot rock it all the way back without hearing it go in and out of bypass mode . if you use just a little care and finesse, the instant on/off feature will make you wonder why vox and crybaby pedals never evolved ...                 
I really should give an eight, but folks that know behringer pedals know that they use industrial grade plastic instead of metal.  As far as effects pedals made these days go, time will tell... my 'vintage' crybaby wah is mostly pot metal, I could crack it with a ball ping hammer -- the same blow might shatter or bounce off the housing of this Behringer pedal--I don't know haven't tried either .. they hold up just as good as all the other pedals with normal use.                
The absolute bang for the buck!!  It doesn't get much better.  If you don't mind being a pioneer, ignoring all the clap-trap about what vintage pedal this or that guitar god recorded with; back in the day, that was all there was, there wasn't an option -- Behringer just threw it out there, rockstar style!!  Finally, a reliable wah, that you don't have to wince every time you go to step on it wondering what kind of sound you're going to get.                
Haven't had to call them, ever.  And I have mixers, amps, microphones and now effects pedals that haven't given me the slightest problem -- so not having to have contacted customer support ever deserves a 9!                
It's sexy, because it works with no frills and it doesn't come with all the quirks and noise, and constant replacing of pots that the vox and crybaby pedals have.  This is gonna be my wah for a good while yet!!!                  
When the pedal is fully pressed down it gives more of a "rock" sound, sometimes i just play music with the pedal pushed down because the sound quality is better.                
there are different settings, dials, and overdrive                
very easy to use. no trouble setting up or using                
very well made. heavy construction and strong material.                
low price great quality                
Shipping was extremely fast. i was fully satisfied with delivery.                
The pedal itself is a beginner, "must have" sort of thing. Great for beginers                
I belive this product will last years, and keep me rockin on and on                
yeah sounds gud cause i can use it on bass playing and many types of music... i can adjust also the delay of the wah.... i can make fading on the time when i turn on/off the wah....

i can make a very high pitched sound in a slow attacking mode eventhough i dont use s.attack                
there are 3 diff. features in this wah that u can't find with others...

1. boost... u can set the main volume from the wah when ur using it

2. time delay... u can set time or i mean delays on turning it on/off in slower manner or in fastest way

3. range....  u can use it on BASS.... and u can make a very very hi pitch so that u can make ur guitar to cry easily

4. mechanism the spring....it has a spring mechanism which u can also adjust its tension...                
its very handy unlike other wah because it has 9v battery compartment and u can either use the adaptor if u want                
gud quality very eunique style                
very affordable unlike demon wah, morley and cry baby pedal                
yeah they are very friendly and honest especially the behringer people                
i like all of its features                
just buy it and im sure u will not reget                
i would most probly gig with it ................but would not use it for recording ........best thing about this pedal is that u can change the sound/tone .......from muddy to clean babe kills it. another thing if u use a dis pedal its sound differers if u use it before oe after the pedal a lot .................so it depends ............sounds best with out any other pedal.just the babe and the amp .............                 
best thing is the spring back................variation of sound..

and its really friking cheap                
if u have a brin u would know how 2 use it ..........dont worry                 
ahh its preety good.............but if u compare it to a crybaby you would just feel bad ......                
price is the best ever                
never used it ............                
black is black u know but its like plastic with rubber all over it...........so that aint cool .............. looks great .....                
i like it                 
This wah pedal is okay for 30 bucks. Its hard to get a decent wah sound out of it becaue when you step on the pedal it increased the volume so much. If you use reverb with it it sounds okay.                
its a wah pedal                
Easy to use, difficult to get a good sound                
it hasnt broken yet                
dunno                
The sound is Ok. Better after adjusting the settings to my liking. It tone sucks a bit, even when bypassed unless you use high grade cables. Also, be sure not cross audio cables over power cables.                
The boost feature is awesome, just not before the pre-amp input. Put the wah in the FX loop after your gain stages and it will be awesome.                
Instant off rocks and has already changed the way I play certain songs (all for the better). I can slam a unison "wah" note outta nowhere and continue as if nothing strange has happened. The band loves the new places I can input surprises.                
Plastic shell, although it's very heavy. You need to place this pedal just right of your pedal board to make use of the side boost switch. Perhaps the boost switch should have a 1/4" input so you can use an independent switch to activate it.                
Best wah for under $100. Rocktron Black Cat may be better but I haven't tried it yet.                
I own many Behringer units and have asked them for way too much info on every unti and they always deliver. I ask for schematics and mmc commands for each unit and they deliver every time but.....I've never had a device fail so I don't know about support for failures.                
Saving money allows me to buy flowers for "HER" and I feel sexier. But, my wah whines better, sounds better and never accuses me of cheating on her!!                
Best bang for buck!!!!                
The sound was spectacular even before i found my 'signature' tone.

it very sounds classic rock with the gain low. With it higher it sounds modern hard rock. I pair this with a overdrive and get an amazing paul gilbert tone.                 
The gain boost really pulls the distortion together to give it a crunchier tone. The bottom boost also helps add more punch to it.                
Very easy to use. I set up my tone in less than an hour.                
Even though its made of plastic, it is very sturdy and won't give in even under gig situations.                
The best value for a shredders or classic rockers tone.                
I have not had to use them.                
its actually a different color than you would think. I don't want to spoil it. :)                
I expect to use this until it breaks from heavy gigs. then i will buy another one.                
OK, so it's housed in plastic. But unless you're going to drop it from a bridge onto concrete, it'll do the job and stay intact under nomal use, incluidng gigging. For the price, you can buy two and keep one as a spare in your kit. Soundwise, it's amazing and the sustain is unbelievable...without harsh compression involved. This is supposedly a copy of a Boss pedal. The pots on this thing have a nice feel to them, some resistence in turning that makes them feel durable. Altogether, a nice pedal that delivers what it promises: heavy distortion and a lot of control over the tone and color of the sound. The only drawback is getting the top of the pedal off to replace a battery. But if you're going to daisychain it into your board, this is not an issue.                
When comparing  the HD400 to the Ebtech Hum eliminators, this one is the clear winner. The Ebtech cuts the audio signal volume and takes out the highs so badly that I would rather deal with the hum! This unit does a VERY good job at trying to ensure the the audio signal coming in is the same quality and tone as the processed audio signal going out.                
There really aren't any extra features. I wish they had an 8-way rack mountable model.                
No settings required. Just plug it in and you're ready to go.                
Excellent quality.                 
These seem to be cheaper than the competitor.                 
Have not needed to called support. I guess that is a good thing.                
It looks nice. However, when you have 4 or more of these units wired up next to each other, they don't really stack well. Outer surface is slick.                
This unit does the best job at eliminating hum without harming the quality of the signal. Wish they had a rack mountable unit like the ebtech 8 channel.                
Was successful in doing what it is supposed to do.                
Funny. Last year I paid $19.95 for the product. This year it is $29.95. I guess they figured it is worth more since it really works.                
Totally eliminated the hum...and my application is sort of non-standard.  I haven't a CRT monitor and I do a lot of recording.  Well these put out a very large EM field and will caused your pick-ups to pick up a lot of hum...this thing did the trick.                
One feature...it gets rid of the hum, what else do you want?                
Just plug it in and it works.                
It a little tin box....I wouldn't go dropping it on the floor, but I'd say it would survive.                
Half the cost of the others, and it delivers.                
Not on this product, but Behringer make good cheap products.  I own their DUALFEX Pro & PowerPlay Pro.                
It's a box...how sexy can it be?                
Perfect for the application, made good on its promises and solved the hum.                
This little bastard actually works. My sound had a decent amount of AC Hum and this got rid of it ALL. I forget when my damn amp is on now because its so quiet.                
Its 2 channel, 20 bucks, what more do you want?                
Plug in and go.                
Rugged. This is definitely road worthy.                
$20 for no noise...you NEED this.                
I couldn't record without it anymore.                
I am very satisfied with this, I won't be looking for anything else. It kills the noise and doesn't touch my sound.                
This is an affordable isolation unit that will often (but not always) reduce hum.                 
Basic unit, but nice that it has 2 channels.                
plug in cables and go... how easy is that?                
Metal body but lightly built. I would not want to leave this on stage where it might get stepped on.                 
Good value for the price. Does the same job as other units 2x as expensive.                
Overall, this is good value and everyone should probably have one handy. But, it will not solve all hum problems! Really tough cases will require  something like a EHX Humdebugger --but those are more expensive and do affect your sound quality.                
initially it worked fine, it got rid of the static coming from all my ac adapter(don't own a daisy chain). it didn't seem to kill the tone and left things sounding different, but in a good way.                
kills noise, the end.                
plug in, plug out, no power supply needed, completely passive, couldn't ask for more.                
worked fine, but after LITERALLY 3 days it's beginning to make a lot of unwanted buzz.                 
20 bucks, worth it, maybe you'll have better luck thaan me.                
haven't bothered.                
works nice, good price, people should at least try it.                
i wished it didn't crap out on me so quickly, i was getting excited.                
WOW. I have several pairs of low-end professional headphones, and none of them come close to this. As professional as anyone needs. Unless you work in a studio or have money to blow, the sound from these is more than perfect.                
I wish they weren't so loose, and the slider locked in place better. They just don't feel like they are going to stay on my head (but they do).

Best feature on these is the 3.5 adapter it comes with. The larger plug just unscrews, revealing the 3.5 plug, so there is no 3-inch long bulky adapter to deal with when you need to plug it into an amp or computer.                
Fit could be better, but for the price, these are heaven-sent on every other level. Obviously Behringer's low-end, but still higher than most.                
I am just starting a home studio, and if you are doing the same, DO NOT buy anything more expensive than these. They will do everything you need.                
Light-weight plastic construction, unobtrusive adjusting mechanism.                
I was pretty impressed with the sound, very true to the music.  It didn't blow me away, but why spend more if you aren't picky?                
I wish it was 1/8" adaptable to 1/4". It's only 1/4".                
Very impressive construction! Looks are really nice, materials very sturdy.                
GREAT VALUE! These are like, 40$ headphones by my reckoning.                
Looks are very intimidating ;).                
Great product, although the fit on my head was a little wierd, theres a gap between the ear pads and my under-ear.                
Nice flat; not overbassed sound                
Extra pair of slipers would make it 10!                
Pluig it in!!                
Right for price                
Only if I did not ship UPS... different story...                
N/A                
got 4 pairs...                
$$ + quality + sound = 10                
It all depends on what you are listening to and how the sound is mixed. You might add a headphone amp. They sound great!                
It has a 1/4 inch jack and a regular 3.5 jack so yeah...there ya go.                
Just unscrew the 1/4 inch jack to get to the regular one. This is pretty much the only thing you have to figure out about these.                
Very nice!                
You won't find a better set for 16 bucks.                
I saw these on here and was like,"what,16 bucks?" As professional as 16 dollars can buy!                
Overall great for listening but if you are a drummer buy some of those  extreme isolation headphones.                
very good sound, especially for the price

not the greatest, but definitely better than 16$ worth of sound                 
the cable is a decent length, it is probably around 6ft, havent measured

the plug is thick, which is good

it comes with a screw-on 1/4th inch adapter.  the ups about this is that it feels more like there is no adapter when it is screwed on 

the down of this is, it cant be used on other 1/8th inch cables without them having screws on it

its a trs cable if anyone was wondering, not a ts                
very easy to use, except for maybe unscrewing the adapter                
this is probably the only thing im disappointed with

it has cheap plasitc connecting the top to the ear cup, probably going to break easily, and is not very sturdy so be careful

one of the ear cups is slightly slanted on mine                
worth it!!! IT WAS WORTH THE MONEY, a really good way to get those studio headphones when you are just starting out and dont want to dish out too much cash                
N/A                
not exactly the sexiest product but the feel of the cushion ontop is decent                
it was definitely worth the money, a very good value

its a good starter headphone and you should work your way up to more sturdy headphones for those long mixing sessions

it is worth the money, actually more in my opinion                
They sound pretty good to me.  Easily the best sounding $10 headphones anywhere.                 
Pros - 1/8" plug and 1/4" adapter, decent length on the chord

Cons - The cans don't pivot and it is a bit snug on my melon.  
                
Plug it in and put it on.  It doesn't get much easier.                  
Quality is good for headphones, phenomenal for ten bucks.                  
Ten clams!  Kick a$$ product for the moolah.                
Haven't needed it.  For ten bucks, I'll buy another pair rather than go through warranty processes.                
Of course, I'd prefer a top-shelf set of phones, but again . . . ten bucks!!!!                
I'll probably buy a couple spares because the value is great.                
excellent sound and durability....if your a dj then you probably go thru headphones like records...but not with these.                
has what every phones have                
if you cant figure these out you shouldnt be holding them                
very durable inside and out                
the best for the money even for $50                
havent dealt with them                
proffessional looking                
its a great product for behringer                
Sound quality isn't good, but I was just looking for something cheap that I can throw on so I won't totally disturb my family.                
It's Behringer....Like  I said, I just needed something CHEAP!!!!!  They don't really fit very snug, but then again...only $10...what do you expect?                 
I think they're worth $10....I don't mix with them, but I wouldn't mix with headphones anyway.                
They look alright I guess                
Sound is not great...but I use them to CHECK my mixes (lowest common denominator).  They don't fit good either...SO WHAT!!!!  They're 10 Bucks!!!!                
I was skeptic at first.. you get what you pay for right?   I bought a couple for throw away studio headphones.. but they work actually pretty good.  A lil on the low end but for $10 you really cant get any better, that I'v found yet!  They can take a high output and high end doesn't crack. Great for when you need multi headphones really fast.
They offer resonably good sound quality, although I don't find the bass to be so clear, and highs don't have a big presence.                
The headphones came with a 1/8" to 1/4" adapter for hooking the cans up to both a mixing board and consumer electronics.

My head is somewhat long (or tall), so the adjustable headband does really help that much, as I keep it fully extended.                
Easy enough to put on and slip off.

Eye glass wearers should not that the pads compress the temples of the frames, which quickly gets uncomfortable.

In general, the top and bottom of the ear pads will kind of stick in to the wearer's head, which also becomes uncomfortable rapidly.                
95% of the set is plastic, although it doesn't feel cheap asto fall apart. Just don't toss them in a bag with other heavy items, and they'll probably last a while.                
Might as well spend a bit more cash and get something more comfortable.                
Never needed it.                
These headphones are resonably uncomfortable, but are good enough for simple use.                
These headphones are great for a tight budget but you get what you pay. the quality is muffled but you get used to it. I would suggest something a little better even if your on a tight budget. They kind of hurt my head too. nice long cable though. Good value but not good headphones                
long cable                
These phones sounds really "dead" compared to my HPS3000's or my AKG K240's or even my Panasonic RP-HT21's (not at all the same kind of headphone, I know). They may claim to have a very flat frequency response, but I don't believe it - the highs and lows are both dead-sounding and I get all mid. Everything sounds muddy in these headphones, even when it sounds crisp on my studio monitors or in my K240's.                
I like the gold-plated dual-purpose plug. Very nice. They are decently comfortable, but not as comfortable as my HPS3000's. They isolate sound decently, but they don't sit flat against my head, which would make them be more isolative.                
I have to play with the EQ to make these listenable.                
For the price, they have the quality I would expect, except for the gold plated dual purpose plug, which I would not expect at this prince point.                
One cannot complain about a pair of $14 headphones when they will serve their intended purpose just fine, which is for studio monitors to wear while recording tracks. I don't need stellar sound quality for that.                
I have no idea. I'd rather buy another pair than deal with any sort of support for this price. They're basically free.                
They're headphones. They work. They don't sound that good. Whatever.                
I will use these until I blow them, which might be forever. I will definitely not mix with them, however.                
The sound of this product is not stellar or is it run of the mill. The description of multipurpose is modest, in that the sound is almost tinny, But i guess for the price they are adequate. But i also own Philips HS500 Behind the Head Sport Lightweight Headphone and they put out a much better quality sound and they were only ten dollars too. So don't buy these headphones for the sound.                
The actual construction of the headphones was superb for the price and the closed ear were excellent.                
Durability and look are high, but the sound leave something to be desired. There are wierd rubber pads just beetween the R and L on each side.                
About the only closed ear headphone for $10.                
Don't know hope i dont have too.                
Kind of funky looking ear cover but overall a sleek looking product for the price.                
I was kind of disatisfied by this product because of the sound but if you want a closed ear headphone for cheap get these.                
Much better than my $100 Sony headphones! These things are a steal. Don't let the low cost fool you.                 
they are very comfortable!!                
Awesome!                
Unreal!                
I own a Behringer mixer and love it. When I read about these headphones I had to have a pair. Just because I knew that they would sound great and I was not disappointed!                 
I'll be satisfied with these headphones for years and plan on buying the dj set.                 
Seems just a tad bit lacking in the bass department.  But they sound better then many of the headphones I've bought at Wal-Mart etc.                
As mentioned, they don't really swivel around any.  While that probably means they are more durable then swivels. (Most of the swivels I've had have broken in the swivel part.)  They can be a bit uncomfortable.  But they fit right over the entire ear which is nice.  

Has the cord connected only on the left side of the headphones.  That's something I always liked in headphones.  They are usually easier to work with that way.                
Seem to be well made.  Mostly made of plastic it seems but definitely not as cheaply made as some headphones I've seen.                
They are worth what you pay for them..  I wouldn't buy them if they where much more expensive though.                
I've never had to deal with the company,                
They look quite nice.  They are silver and black.  But I buy headphones for how they sound and feel not so much how they look.  (I can't see them if they are on my head anyways.)                
Compared to a pair I tried on in a store once these are horribly uncomfortable.  But they are more comfortable then most I've tried.  I would probably buy Sony headphones if I could find them to replace these.                
For a new DJ or someone who doesn't mind a 1/4 jack for there all day use, its a steal and I would recommend all products from them great set.                
no accersories but to be expected by headphones                
Sound was terrible.  Period.                
The earpieces have no swivel to them, in any dimension or direction, so if your ears happen to be in the right place when you spread these junkers open, great, but if not, you're out of luck.                
OK quality, but a terrible product!                
Poor value.  $10 down the drain.                
Not sexy.  Not cool.  Embarrassingly bad product.  Don't be seen with it.                
Sound is kool if you are not trying to mix with them. not as accurate. kinda of bassy. play a song you like through monitors and then listen with these...watch how many instruments and highs disappear.                
1/4 plug is kool.                
plastic. had to give this a 3. THese things worked fine for like a year until I went downstairs while listening to my MP3 player with them and the cord got a little cought on the door knob on the way to the basement. One little snugg of the cord cause the left side to go completely out. I could not believe it. So I could just image if I had a traffic heavy studio with crazy artist using my headphones. They definately would not have lasted. Mine only lasted a year because I only used them every blue moon to track dubbs on some vox.                
good price. I paid 9.99 for mine.                
no need                
dont want it any more. would not by another pair because that small pull caused them not to work anymore.                 
Have to give it a 5 overall. if they worked, i'd give them a 6 sonically.                
Sound good and feel good. You need a head phone amp, low tones will blow these cheap cans out in no time.                
No . Shoud offer a low price amp.Behringer is not a top line product.

It is not if it will break, it is when it will break.                
Simple pluge them in and stick them on your head, any tard can do it.                
Today things are thrown together and thrown out.                
Not bad for the money. My friend is on his second set in 15 weeks.                
They can't help for $ 16.00. No one cares.                
Sex appeal to head phones? A sick thing to ask.                
Satisfied till they start to buzz.                
THE SOUND IS JUST PERFECT  ,, not too bassy / or too brite to fatige your ears after a few hours of playing music ,if you want it loudder or more bassy and briter just crank your mixer to your ears needs and you tell me how your ears will feel after a few hours in the studio                 
the sound is flat and natural and  when i needed to change frequencies on my mixes ,Not a Problem                 
the extendable ear cups are great including the thick soft ear padding you don't need swivel cups, and helps to reduce outside noise , the 1/4" plug is better than the removable tip some headphones have except the screw on type models, we use them almost every day and pull and trip on the wire an drop on floor but guest what ,, still working just like my more expensive headphones                
for this price 3 month ago I ordered 2 just to compare , we try them and later ordered 6 more,today I'm ordering 4 more, go for it                
dont need it                
The silver and black body outstand compared to my all black headphones

the pull in out ear cups , the soft ear cushions , the 1/4" plug is a good design                 
I have many other headphones some are very loud/or too bassy / or too bright ,,,but do you own a pair of professional studio monitors do you know their sound is natural- not like your home sound speaker- can you hear the difference- well dont expect this headphones to sound too brite or too bassy, they sound flat natural for semi professional musical needs, dont compare this with walkman headphones                 
Mushy bass, serious lack of mid and highs. Way too much bass pressure causesall the mids and highs to be lost. I would not recommend these, unless you cannot afford anything else.                
It makes sound, but it is so untrue to life it is sad.  The bass is loud and middy, the highs sound like a poorly boosted EQ, harsh and crisp.  They do not aid in accurate reference at all.                
Includes a 1/8" to 1/4" adapter.  No carrying bag, nothing.                
Plug em in, put them on.                
Light and cheap, feel fake... feel like they could break just sitting on your head.  One small drop could probably be the end of these.  

They do not adjust to your head very well so there is often a gap some place when wearing them unless your head if their perfect shape.

Save the planet and save your money.  Do not support any company that sells such a poor product at any price.  Do not be fooled by some reviews here claiming these are decent studio/music headphones.  They are not even close.  You can get into that range for about $60-70, but even then your still not in the pro series.                
Never used it                
I regret wasting money on them.                
I cannot imagine how they could have touted/advertised these headphone worse.  They are really bad.  Please heed the warnings.                
These get a 10 out 10 in the bang for the BUCK!  Once again Behringer does it again.  You can't match their quality at the price they charge.

You will not find a better pair of headphones under $50.  We'll maybe

a few but you'll be spent just looking for em.                  
The plastic shell is cool and should hold up with normal use and a lil care.                   
Sound seems fine for djing and listening.                
Best feature is that they haven't broken yet.  They are sturdy and both earphones have worked for over a year.                
Definitely nothing to write home about, but it's better than expected for the price.                
Right side went out after a day and the left shortly after. Very disappointing.                
They sound like $18 dollar headphones so dont expect much                
The only cool feature about these headphoens is the cushion on top of your head                
After a week of use, one earphone gave up on me, it just stopped putting out sound, and the other earphone the bass is all distorted now. I wouldnt recommend these headphones for Dj's its cheap and cheap looking, and cheap sound.                 
These headphones sounds pretty good, the bass hits right on , plenty of treble and mids.                
No swivel on the phones, and they dont extend that much.                
I paid 17.88 for mine so i expected nothing fancy                
For 17.88 these headphones sounds great, i would compare them to $50-80 headphones                 
Overall if your a Dj these headphones dont have many features, like adjusting them to your desire. The cups arent that puffy and spongy, and the top head support is a little stiff. For 17.88 these are great headphones, Will upgrade later when I make a little more money                
It's a full sound. Some say too bassy, some say not enough, sounds fine to me but my ears are reference recording ears. It's better than many I've tried for much higher price, although the definition isn't comparable to a Sony MDR $200 pair. For the price they're great.                
They work, that's good enough for me. And the price makes it excellent. No real features, but I don't need anything special for monitoring while I'm singing.                
Put 'em on use 'em. 'Nuff said.                
Still got them after 1 year, so no problem. I use while dubbing vocals and my clients like them too.                
For $10.....say no more. For $17 (latest price) still worth it.                
No experience.                
Sex appeal?.......Do you also vote for the candidate with the brightest teeth? Sorry, a dumb question for a Capricorn, or anyone else actually. It's practical and works well for my applications.                
I would buy another 1 or 2 and probably will.                
Pretty comparable to other pairs around $30 and under. If you need a cheap reference pair, these are nice and cheap.                
Only comes with a 1/4 inch plug. Kind of a pain you'll have to buy a 1/4 to .35mm converter to use with the most common .35mm plug.                
Headphones, how hard can they be?                
For $10 they are actually pretty well built.                
Great pair for the money.                
Have not had to deal with them.                
Some people say they look like a toy, I think the sliver looks sharp.                
Great pair of headphones if your looking in the $40 or under range. Doesn't compare to my $100 Sony MVR set, but these are a steal for $10.                
I use these so that the people I'm recording can hear themselves, so sound quality did not matter too much to me. Which is ok, because these are not amazing sound quality. They're better than any 10 dollar headphones I've heard.                
Absolutely THE WORST adjusting to my head. They are very uncomfortable and there is nothing to do about the discomfort. People have written that you need an average size head and they are wrong, you need a head shaped like a square for these things to fit right.  ALSO the set didnt come with a 1/4 inch adapter! Annoying!                
plug in                
The adjusting pieces DO NOT WORK on ANY of the 4 sets I ordered.                
when i ordered them i thought it was amaizng that a headset like this was for sale for 10 dollars, but then after getting them i understood why they were so cheap. Still good for the price tho, not great.                
Duno                
They look amateur.                
I'm just starting up a small studio to record a couple local bands for cheap so it was nice to get headphones for so cheap so i could spend more money on mics. I bought these knowing that they didnt matter too much so it was nice. DO NOT buy them for casual listening because they are not comfortable enough. I'm wearing them right now and my head kinda hurts.                
I read all the reviews here, and was expecting to be surprised by the value of these headphones.  They're supposed to sound as good as $50 headphones and by some reviews even as good as the $200.  THEY SOUND LIKE $10 HEADPHONES.                
Very limited adjustment.  Make sure your head is AVERAGE sized.                
Cheap plastic.                
$10 is what you get, that's fair.                
They look pretty nice from a distance.                
Don't get these as studio monitor headphones, they'll disappoint you.  And if you're looking for iPod phones, go for something with better BASS.                
the sound i get out of these is equal to/ better then the sound i get out of my behringer monitors, sounds clear enough, not to trebly or bassy.                
these are are alot bigger in person,they fit comfortably but there kinda cheap,goofy,amateurish looking                
perfecto                
the price is rite for light jamming and recording when my folks dont want to hear                 
!!!!                
dunno                
bang for your buck, wooptydoo!                
Low quality headphones. Not suitable for recording or mixing.                
No accessories. Average sized cable.                
Not very adjustable. Don't fit too well.                
Decent Support.                
Good looking phones.                
These headphones sound colored to me. Something about the midrange doesn't sound natural. I gave them some time to break in, but they didn't improve. I'm not impressed. I'm comparing it to headphones by sennheiser, audio technica, and bose, all of which are much more expensive.                
Of course the $10 price doesn't allow them to include much. It does have a padded headband and single side cord, but that's about the end of the features. Notably, the ear cups do not swivel at all and did not fit my head very well.                
For the price, they seem fairly well made. But then if they don't sound good, who cares?                
They're cheap, but they're uncomfortable and don't sound very good. That's not a good value at any price.                
I don't want them. Does anybody want to buy mine?                
I don't recommend them. They are uncomfortable because the ear cups don't swivel, and the something seems off about the midrange.                
As a flat reference for recording, these totally do the job.  I'm amazed with how good a $10 pair of headphones Behringer made.  For $10 studio headphones and home recording purposes, you can't beat this.  For recording purposes, they actually sound better than some of my other $50 - $200 AKG and Sony headphones.                
The headphone adjustment/fit could be better.  It's kinda like your head fits in them or it doesn't.                
Feel adequate for $10.  Maybe a little too much plastic and not enough strength, but the parts used seem to be of decent quality.                
For $10 studio headphones and home recording purposes, you can't beat this.  For recording purposes, they actually sound better than some of my other $50 - $200 AKG and Sony headphones.                
Never dealt with 'em.                
Could swivel and fit better, but, again, for $10, they're great.                
Awesome Awesome Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!                
Great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!                
Yes, and infact Ilove it's interior.                 
The headphones give u a feel of warmth and they let you hear your sound if your doing what u think your doing.                
I think the price is perfect.It's the best price on headphones I'v seen online.                
I like the fact that they look brand new. The fact that there big is a good useful accessorie.                
I needed a good quality pair of studio headphones for home studio recording that wouldn't break the bank. These fit the bill! Are there better out there? Yes. And those cost more. I use those other brands in the actual recording studios. These are good enough for home recording demos. I like the sound quality and they fit snug on my head.                
The sound isn't too bad for the cost of this product. There's a deep bass & the highs are there, the midrange sounds a little buried. I bought 2 pairs of these for my home studio. I also purchased a set of Shure 440 studio headphones at the same time. I was able to A/B them & compare their sound listening to a music cd in-store. OK, the Shure set is superior,brighter & flatter sounding & less bassy, ..but the 440's are also much more expensive. For the money the 3000's will do the job. Buying multiple sets of headphones can get pretty expensive...& what if they break?                   
This product comes with a gold plated 1/4 Jack which screws onto the mini.                
I haven't used it for recording yet - but I think these could be good for drummers, bass players (it has much deeper bass than the Shure) & for background vocalists applications.                
The build quality on these seems pretty good, Behringer has a knack for offering a lot at a decent price.                
This was the least expensive set of "Studio" headphones I've ever seen, at the price, it's hard to go wrong, especially if you need a few sets of headphones -- & if they break, well no big deal! They sound better than some other headphones in the price range.                
I've never had to contact Behringer for a replacement product, so I don't know how they are to deal with.                
If you're just starting out & can't afford multiple sets of $100, $200, $300 + headphones, consider these as being decent extras you can pull out  - If you only buy one set of headphones, I'd personally opt for something a little higher in quality...but if all you can afford is $25, these will get you started & I think you'll be pleased, they are also pretty good for listening to music on a home stereo.                
A decent headset for the price point. If you're trying to mix a full production... etc.... dont buy these.                 
These are muddy and muffled, not crisp at all. spend your money on a used pair of AKG's, you'll thank me later!                
high quality? please they are ok atfirst but i have'nt even had them for a month and the right side has went out all i can say about these head phones are you get what you pay for!!!!!!!                
I have those for a lil over 7 months n I only used them twice... Mannnn they sound awful.. My iPod headphones sound 10 times better than those.. They just big for nothing..                
I like the sound for mixingThe cord could be longer & the earphones a bit larger                
These headphones sound great, but they cannot stand to be played loud for any period of time. The right ear is already shorting out, and I've had this pair of headphone for about 1 month.                
Behringer is well-known for bad quality. But usually I don't much trust to the popular belief. Especially because things tend to change over time. However, as it turned out, not in their case.
So, we have a black plastic box with some inputs and outputs, quite bulky, but the iPad in it perfectly charging (wow!) and has protection against accidental disconnection as could happen with the camera connection kit. Synchronization via midi is stable and it supports SysEx - should pay tribute, the device has no worthy competitors at the moment.
But all those shiny benefits defaced by one, not noticeable at first glance detail - unhealthy digital crackling in specific apps.
Behringer iStudio iS202 produces obscene crackling from all of its outputs in most applications where external input is used. Quite shamelessly exudes sonic artifacts in Audiobus, JamUp Pro, Amplitube, Sugar Bytes Turnado, Live Fx, Yellofier, Samplr ... and I'm sure the list of applications is not limited. And this is not just a clipping problem - this crackling audible at the most quiet signal, as well as its complete absence in the input. I was going to use the iPad mainly as an fx-processor, but in this case this is impossible. That noise is also well noticeable in Animoog when notes fade.
I don't know what it is - poorly designed construction, cheap low-quality components, the problem of firmware or all in one. But nothing like this has happened with the iPad itself, nor with other interfaces connected via camera connection kit.
Support tried to assure me that this problem is not common to all devices, and recommended to make the replacement. It's hard to believe after I swapped 3(!) units and each of them had the same problem.
As a result - the time spent on correspondence with tech support, trips to the store for replacement, wasted money and absolute frustration.
For myself I've decided not to deal with Behringer anymore, but I still recommend iStudio iS202 if you have nowhere to put $150 or suddenly need to buy an artsy charger for iPad.                 
It has crackling background noise problem in many apps  - Jamup Pro, Fender amplitube, LiveFx, Turnado,  Samplr, Tape, Audiobus. Bought this to use as a realtime  effects processor, but with such a situation it is not possible                
I snagged one of these in the first round.  I have a lot of things going on right now but my first impression on first tinkering was that I might return it.  HOWEVER... I got a chance to tinker again the other night and I'm happy to say that I am very satisfied with the iStudio now.  I have been mostly using it with Multitrack DAW and there was a bit of a learning curve.  It works well.  You can plug a large diaphragm condenser mic into input one (and power it) a guitar into input two and record or play along with tracks simultaneously.  I'm diggin it.  I would love to try it with Auria but I haven't purchased that app yet.                
What a AWSOME portable daw docking station. It's what you need for on the fly recording. Works great for all you needs. Has lots of option.                
I purchased this because despite some 70/30 reviews on Behringer, I purchased a 24!track mixer a year ago and have been pretty satisfied with it. After approx two weeks, the contact between the iPad and iStudio became unreliable....and a week later, quit working all together. Tried two other people's iPads, and they didn't work either. Going to replace it with the Focusrite                
These go great with the behringer k8...these helped my mixs big time! If u got the k8s or k6. Get this now...and with the 4 easy payments its simple                
sounds big for a small amp. as long as you do't get to loud.                
What other features would you need? The amp has them all.  At this price to have a 5 band EQ and a digital FX is awesome.                
What do you need to figure out? It's a strait forward amp.                
It gets an 7 here, not because of the case, which is beefy, but the knobs.  The knobs have long plastic shafts and are asking to be broken. They should have made them shorter.                  
For the price it can't be beat.                
Dont know.                
I own it.                
I bought this amp to do small gigs, rehursals, jams, etc.  The key word is small.  It is small and light with a big sound.  The volume wont blow you over (45 watts) but that is not what this amp is about.

The FX are a bonus that I would never expect at this price. Remember when a FX processor like this was $400?
                
Clear and uncolored running an iPod an a bass through it.  Plenty of volume available.                
Three channels (0ne XLR capable) plus a "CD" input, a sub-woofer output as well as a line out, EQ with feedback detection and so much more for $140.  This thing is loaded for the money and seems to do everything well.                
Excellent for so much stuff being stuffed in one small box.                
It looks good and is nicely finished.  I haven't had it long enough to rate durability, but other Behringer amps I've seen were plenty tough.                
It is $100 less than units from other manufacturers that do less and sound no better.                
No experience with problmes, but the info avialable on their website is pretty good.                
It's an amp in basic black, but the feature set for the price is outstanding.  Flexibility of what you can plug into it is a plus as well.                
Good, flexible, transportable sound at a good price.  Another vendor would have to add features and drop prices to get me to consider them.                
THE SOUND OF THIS AMPLIFIER IS AWESOME, IT HAS A GOOD SOUND QUALITY ESPECIALLY IF YOU CONNECT IT TO A PREMIUM ORGAN OR KEYBOARD, IT HAS DEFINITELY HELPED ME TO FIND THE SOUND THAT IM LOOKING FOR, IM USING IT TO CONNECT TO HAMMOND XK3C AND IT SOUNDS LIKE A LESLIE SPEAKER!!! I LIKE THE EQUALIZER EFFECTS AS YOU CAN CUSTOMIZE THE SOUND OUTPUT THAT YOU THINK ITS BEST. FOR THE LOW PRICE, THIS PRODUCT IS AWESOME.                
IT INCLUDES POWER AC CORD, THE MOST USEFUL FEATURES ARE THE EQUALIZER SETTINGS AND THE REVERB. ITS VERY USEFUL IF YOU HAVE A KEYBOARD THAT DOESNT HAVE EFFECTS.                
THIS PRODUCT IS SO EASY TO USE, THE HOOK UP IS SO EASY TO SET UP. AND YOU CAN MODIFY YOUR SOUND JUST BY ADJUSTING THE SLIDER FOR EQUALIZER AND REVERB.                
THE PRODUCT HAS A VERY GOOD DESIGN AND BODY, IT HAS COVERED WITH CARPET STYLE MATERIAL AND THE HANDLE IS SO DURABLE, YOU CAN EASILY PUT IT IN YOUR CAR FOR SPECIAL OCCASSIONS OR TO PERFORM IN VARIOUS PLACES.                
THE PRICE IS SO LOW COMPARE TO OTHER KEYBOARD AMPLIFIER, BUT THE FEATURE IS SO GREAT YOU WOULNT BELIEVE YOU CAN GET IT IN A LOWER PRICE.                
I HAVENT TRIED CUSTOMER SERVICE SUPPORT SO FAR                
ITS DEFINITELY ONE OF THE BEST MUSIC PRODUCT, MUSICIANS WILL LOVE IT, THE LOOK IS SO PROFESSIONAL, ITS A NICE ADDITION TO YOUR MUSIC INVENTORY.                 
I'LL KEEP IT AND USE IT TILL ITS WORKING PROPERLY, I'LL DEFINITELY BUY THE SAME PRODUCT JUST INCASE I NEED TO BUY ONE, THE PRICE AND FEATURE WILL DEFINITELY MOTIVATE YOU TO PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT, ITS DEFINITELY WILL HELPED YOU TO MEET YOUR MUSIC NEEDS.                
I pluged my guitar into this amp just for kicks and was surprised seeing i bought it for my drum kit it sounded better than my line 6 guitar amp it has that beutiful tube sound its fun just playing it straight even without effects but of coarse the effects are great too amazing for what i paid                
very easy lots of features                
easy to use                
built like a tank                
for the money its a steal                
havent used them                
this has great sound it hits the highs and lows vary well. its just at high vol. the lows are a little distorted                
it came with a power cord... that is about it. it has 100 diffrent FXs, a nice eq                
the controls are easy. altho u can't use the FXs on the rca input                
vary durable. when i am puting my equipment in my car i am more woried that my amp will dent my car than my amp breaking                
this is the loudest amp for the price                
this is my first amp... for anything i did get a reanable 2 year warrenty for $20                
its big it has a black carpet out side layer... and its awesome to stand on                
this is a great keyboard amp                
I own this amp!used it all the time,I run itin stereo with another amp.I really love this amp,will purchase another one soon ,real quality, looks and sounds great!no issues at all with thisproduct. behringer got a bad rep earlier,but they got it right! buy this you wont be sorry,IF YOU GET FROM ZZOUNDS.THEY ALSO GET IT RIGHT1                
great sound 4 a small power amp.great for gigs!!!                
no problem!!                
easy 2 use. every channel is neatly labeled.                
from behringer!only the best!!!                
very!!!! you know what i mean.                
no problem with the support.                
yupp!!!                
great for small priced amps!!!                
sounds great when volume is low, below 1/2 way, any higher a lot of distortion loosing sound clarity                
has some ok effects but so dose the keyboard i use so i don't use them much and came with a power cord                
very easy                
looks good,solid amp lacks loud sound quality                
Only delt with music shop where i purchased it they were a bit slow to respond now out of waranty. They told me to try and blow it up so Beringer would replace it, could not blow it up.                 
looks good, average on sound clarity when loud                
great for a practice amp and a quiet jam at home but lacks the clarity for a loud jam,drums etc.                
 i am pleasently surprised at the features as well as the different sounds this unit produces with an acoustic gibson guitar with a dearmond pickup.   amazing                
I play the guitar and use the Roland GR-55 Guitar Synth.  I got this "PA Amp" because a guitar amp could not handle the wide frequency of highs and lows that come from the GR-55 (which has many keyboard sounds, deep basses and screaming high instruments)  I have played live with this unit without the amp being mic(ed) or a line out being used and it performed wonderful.  I bought a pole stand to put it on and that helps the sound get right at hear level (built in whole for pole like PA speakers).  I talk to Roland Keyboard amp owners and the word is that their tweeters break easily and most have switch to the Behringer now.  They have had theirs for some time and have had no problem with it (unlike the more expensive Rolands)  I LOVE THIS THING!
I use this as a mini PA for solo gigs as well as a keyboard amp, acoustic guitar amp and the occasional bass amp (at moderate volumes). It does a fine job with all these applications. When set on the ground I usually have to roll off some low end and all your instruments have to use their own EQ's and pre-amps because this is (other than the low-imp mic input) a line level only device with only a 5-band graphic EQ to shape the overall tone. If you can live with that compromise this makes a fine little swiss-army knife of an amplifier.                
Sounds good, the digital EFX are nothing special but they are quite useable. The reverbs add a lot to the overall sound when used as a mini PA. The speakers seem matched well to the amplifier, all in all a nice package especially for the money.                
Very EZ to use.                
This seems more solid and reliable than some older Behringer equipment I have used. It's not top-line but it doesn't cost like top-line either. All in all a good value.                
Good "bang-for-the-buck" and very versatile.                
Haven't dealt with the company so it's hard to say.                
It's well designed, compact and fairly lightweight. sounds good too.                
Again, good "bang-for-the-buck" and very versatile. I am a little wary about the reputation that Behringer has gotten for much of their stuff but it seems a good value even after 10 months.                
It seems like the best choice for the needs we had in mind. Just a trio playing in small venues for jazz style ambiance music. Has the volume we need for different size crowds. Still working on using the eq but all I can say now is that I'm very content and the only item that I wish it came with is a cover. Have not had to contact the manufacturer.                
I've only used this unit twice, one at practice and one at show. It fulfilled all I needed to get my sound out for my Yamaha 235 keyboard and Fender Stratacaster alongside my bandmates. So far, just what I was looking for.                
I have the k900fx for five years. Works very well. I use it on pole stand with a Behringer 1202fx beside me providing control and effects, Combo works beautifully. Equalizer on amp works well and 1202fx fine tunes everything. Used to amplify my accordion with dynamic mics during solo gigs. Excellent value and when used for my purposes, compares very favorably with other much more expensive amps. Cabinet is very solid. Controls don't seem to be overly rugged but I have not had any problems at all. Never needed manufacturer support which you require!                
Clean, smooth.                
XLR input is nice. Effects are fun, but probably won't be used that much. Haven't had much use for the feedback eliminator yet.                
Plug it in. Turn it up.                
Solid as a rock so far.                
Absolutely.                
Have had no issues yet. Always had good luck / value w/ Bheringer stuff.                
The EQ knobs have little red LED's. That looks pretty cool.                
It's solid. It's clean. So far has plenty of power, but have not taken it onstage.                
I've always considered Behringer the bottom of the food chain, but WOW, wasI surprised by this amp! I bought it for price point but I'm thrilled with the quality. It sounds AWESOME, I love the 3 channels, I can plug in my guitar and vocal and it's as clear as a bell but it also handles my synth, including low notes without distortion                
Not great, peaked at very low volume levels. It does not work for full-band gigs or anything. DONT BUY FOR BAND PRACTICE. Had no other problems besides volume. Figures that the amp that weighs around 50lbs but has nothing worth while inside.                
Sturdy construction Easy to use*make sure you get a speakon cable or 2I outputting into a Marshall cabAnd have had product for A little over a month now And love it. Very clean soundVERY CLEANNo hissing and thats what I wanted\m/And sidenote i have contacted customer support because I noobed on the speakon cables and they guided me through and got me going no problem!                
ok, so I've seen all the mixed reviews with behringer products but I have had nothing but positive results with them. I purchased this from zZounds about a month ago, needed to power a couple of newly acquired speakers and it works perfect. The unit is solid, quite as far as I am concerned and does what its suppose to. I am sure it will provide me with years of service as it should.                 
I bought this to power a 4x12 cab in my home studio. I'm very happy with it and it does what I need it to do. My only nit is that the fan is a bit louder than what I expected. Not a huge issue for me, but may be for others. I just wouldn't place any sensitive mics near it. As far as Behringer customer support, I wouldn't know...never had to contact them on any of my Behringer products, but can't submit review without a rating.                
I recently purchased this amp, from ZZOUNDS.com, and I am totally satisfied.  First off, let me preface my review by admitting that I am NOT a musician.  I know nothing of the intricacies of perfecting music played through amps, mixers, etc...  However, six months ago I purchased a Yamaha DTXplorer electronic drum kit, also from ZZOUNDS, and I have been trying to teach myself how to play(which has been a lifelong dream).  As a 54 year old wannabe-drummer, I finally spent some cash for an amp, the KT-108.  To be succinct, it sounds fabulous!!!  I had tried to play my set through my Pioneer stereo but to be honest, the speakers couldn't handle the low level bass sounds of the drum kit without becoming very distorted.  With the KT-108, voila!  Problem solved!!!  This amp is great for practicing and has been such a blessing for me to be able to get an idea of how I really sound when I am playing.  The CD/mp3 player input is great.  It's nice to be able to play along to songs(or in my case, TRY to play along).  It's also nice to plug in my headphones to the amp, instead of the outlet on my drum module which will help prolong the life of the module.  My kit is very travel-friendly, so I recently took it to the family reunion, on Father's Day.  Both of my brothers play guitar, the older of the two also plays piano, keyboard, bass and a few more instruments; and my brother-in-law is a legitimate, used-to-be-a-musician drummer, so we kinda had a family boogiefest.  I had not purchased my amp yet, so I used my brother's Peavey 50 watt keyboard amp to play the drums.  They sounded good BUT I think that the drums sound much better when played through the KT-108.  Again, that's one man's opinion but it's mine and I am sticking to it.  Keep in mind, I am not going for volume, I just want quality.  I primarily listen to jazz and smooth jazz music, so I don't the need Led Zeppelin window-shattering volume and power.  Having said that, let me again reiterate that this is a high-quality, outstanding amp.  Many thanks to Behringer for a great product and to ZZOUNDS.com for making it available to folks like me!                  
It has 2 instrument inputs, a CD/mp3 player input, adjustable equalizer and a headphone jack.  What else can you ask for?                
Open the box, read the instructions(not really necessary), plug it in and presto! it's music.                
As I stated before, high quality, no reason to believe that this amp won't last longer than me!  Hey, I am 54, so there you go.                  
Again, I have a severely limited experiential level to draw from but for my money this was a great deal.                
The only support that I have used was totally related to registering my product and that was flawless.                
It's a keyboard amp, so how "sexy" can it be?  It is nice looking, well-designed and very utilitarian.  They also sent me an extra "Behringer" sticker, so I made out like a bandit!                
This amp should last me a lifetime, literally.  I have been very diligent in practicing my drums and maybe at some point in the future if I decided to upgrade to a larger kit, I might consider a bigger amp, but I doubt it.  It's just a great amp for what I need, plain and simply put.                
I ordered this as an amp for my Alesis drums. I am very happy with it. I didn't want to spend the amount they wanted for the Alesis amps, so I ordered this. I sounds great and is plenty loud for me to practice my drums at. Zzound was super fast with my order. This was at my house in 4 days after I ordered. Fantastic.                
I have owened several amplifiers from cheap to quite expensive, and what I wanted was a good amp for practice here at home and for when I play for smaller groups.  Before, I had to take two small amplifiers so I could use an instrument, and a mic.  Now with the unbeliveable low priced KT108, I have good sound on the keyboard, even one of the guitars and a microphone.

Zzounds had by far the best price I had seen on this amplifier, I even saw it listed for more than double the price and I would also have to have paid for shipping as well.                
I was super happy to find this amp had a connection for an instrument and the microphone.                
If you can turn a knob, then you can get good sounds from this amplifier.                
I was impressed by the quality of this amp.  It is actually boxed better than my other more expensive amplifiers.  I don't worry about damage to this cabinet, and I'm sure it will be around longer than I will be.                
Yes                
N/A                
I do not rate things for "sex appeal" and lets face it, an amp is an amp                
Until one of us quits playing.  I have no intention to grow in this field, I'm 66 yrs old, my voice is changing, and playing guitar is becoming more painful for me.                
Good amp that faithfully reproduces the sounds of my accordion even though it`s slightly underpowered. To do it over again I`d go for the next size up but the fact is the KT 108 does what it was intended to do. That is , it`s simply a practice amp and for small areas only.                
None but the supplied hard wired cord is just too short.You will need a good extension cord.                
I`ll be looking for a larger amp soon.                
Over all this amp is very good.My problem is within my choice. I'm a new bass guitar player and have found out that I should have order amp with min 40 watts instead of 15 watts. The 15 watts is ok for home and garage playing. But, overall this amp is good.                
Like many E-drummers I found the selection of dedicated drum amps and monitors to be lacking or underpowered...at least how it relates to my particular setup. Originally I bought a Roland CM-220 amp to pair with my drums but was I always either limited by it's underpowered performance or it's lack of additional inputs for my other kit pieces. Doing a little research I knew this time around I either wanted a keyboard amp or a dedicated PA system, both of which seemed to solve the same problems others were having like mine. I almost purchased a Roland KC-880 but really wanted the stereo signal a little wider than being based in one cabinet. I decided on two of these KXD12's based on gobs of reviews and they did not disappoint. They give me just enough control to shape my sound at all power levels and most importantly I have plenty of inputs for my Octapad, SPD-SX and even my sons can jack in to play along with me on guitars and keyboard. Nothing seems to bother these amps. The build quality is outstanding and the sound is amazing!                
I received my keyboard amp 3 days ago, thanks to zZounds "1 day shipping" deal. I've been running my keyboards through Fender amps, which worked O.K. I unpacked the amp, went over the manual (included), and plugged in my 3 keyboards and WOW !!!! The sound is incredible and the equalizer let me customize the highs and lows. ABSOLUTELY ZERO FEEDBACK OR DISTORTION at low or high volume. With 600 watts of power this amp will be able to hold it's own in concert with any Marshall stack! Great deal on 12 pay as available from the crew at zZounds, as usual.                
Clear and powerful, great for any musical style. Works well in any setting from small venues to outdoor festival stages.                
Every feature on this amp is useful and well thought out.                
It's pretty much a no-brainer to use. Just plug and play. The effects are a simple scroll away.                
It's very sturdy, but lighter than a lot of amps this size. It still has some heft and weight to it so don't expect it to be feather weight.                
This amp is well worth the price. Feature for feature and the sound quality make this one you should put at the top of your list.                
I have not had to contact customer support yet.                
It's an all-in-one package that performs the way you would expect any high end product to preform. The sound is extraordinary.                
I've had this amp for a couple of weeks and in that time have used it for rehearsals,live gigs in clubs and two outdoor festivals. It's an amazing amp with plenty of power, extremely easy to use and has a clean, clear tone that everyone notices. For playing jazz, this amp has all the volume you would ever need on it's own. If you are in a rock band or other fully amplified band it has enough punch for most clubs without having to run it through the PA and for those situations where you do need to run it through a sound system it has a direct out and enough power to be heard as your own monitor over the top of any stage monitor mix. It also has amazing projection that shoots your sound out like a shot gun.The effects are terrific and there are plenty of them to choose from if you want to color your sound, but the bread and butter reverbs that you will probably use most are great and easy to dial in for the room. The graphic EQ helps a lot, particularly if you use any outboard pedals that can drain some of your highs or lows.The low price was an added bonus as this amp pretty much blows away anything else on the market unless you want to go with a 1000 watt PA system set-up. I use three keyboards in my set-up and having four channels available was just what I needed. The ability to add a sub cabinet will be a bonus if you play a lot of low rumbling bass sounds in your show, but this amp on it's own is going to fit most people's needs. I would highly recommend this amp.                
Bought this for my kemper amp and electric acoustic guitars, Very loud and clean sounding, great value for you money. You wont be disappointed.                 
Got tired of lugging around 2 powered speakers on gigs so i decided to buy the kxd15. One of the smartest decisions i made!!!!                
I have two of these controllers. Both have the same date code. One is a fixed installation in our venue, the other in one of those 'gig-rig' cases for small shows.  The fixed installation works flawlessly - after replaceing the pc-style coin cell battery.  The one used for mobile setups isn't holding up quite as well.  I'd buy this again for another fixed install, but I'll find something else for my mobile rig.                
Features are OK.  You'll need a 5-pin to 3-pn XLR converter to use it in the states.  It is rack mountable, and the ears come off and it's still a finished look. We had our repair tech swap the 5-pin XLR out of the fixed unit, using a standard 3-pin mic type XLR for ease of wiring.                
It's very Behringer.  The quality isn't bad, it's just not very 'roadworthy'.                
It's a good product for a fixed install, for the buck it's got ease of programming and Behringer reliability.                
I called the Behringer support number and had the answer I needed in less than 8 minutes.  They seemed to know the OEM battery is weak. ;) They also advised terminating long runs with a resistor.  Yes, it's in the manual, but they wanted to be sure I knew about that.  Nice folks.                
I'll use the ones I already have.                
I think I'll go back to the US dj folks for a more roadworthy piece, but I'll keep the mobile unit to add to the house install.                 
it doesn't produce sound, so... the light control ability is good. many options squezed into a medium/small package.                
like i say, loaded with features. may be to many for typical theater use. but i found the pumping lights to bass/mid/treble and chase sync to tempo/beat to be much fun and not too hard to suss out. two 8-12 light channel scenes can be manually dialed in and crossfaded pretty easily.                 
hard to say, yet - we've used it only 4-5 months. it's held up alright. needed a new battery after 3 months. first fader is loose/cuts in-out (time for contact cleaner). the unit does do what it's supposed to. allot of features we've yet to need, but glad to have - espicially for the price.                
this is behringers secret it seems - made in china, designed in germany (?). it's the way of the future. so as china's manufacturing quality improves - the reliability should as well (and eventually the cost).                 
emailed support and within 3-5 days got a very helpful response. they even shipped me a free eprom firmware/op-system upgrade at no cost. this is a good sign that i can rely on a knowledgable support team even if the unit isn't built like a tank (we don't have a department-of-defense budget).                
it's still "new" - but we're using 3-5 behringer units (DIs, feedback killer, multi-gate) and have been happy so far. if you can spend some time to get to know it's features/interface, you'll like what you can do (i do). i'd still reccomend a more traditional unit for theater if cost isn't an issue. but it's a great little do-all. we were using an american dj dmx controller and it wasn't automatic/easy-to-use and died completly after 2 months (it was also a used purchase) - so this unit has restored some of my faith in dmx.                
It is a light controller, but it uses the audio line out from the mixer to sync the lights to the music.   Im am not quite 100 % happy about how it follows the beat.   Sometimes I have to manually jump through the steps of a chase.   It does not put any noise in the sound system.                
For about $ 200 it has lots of features.   No other company ofers so many channels and programs in a small box and so affordable.                
Now that I play with it a lot it is very easy, but in the beginning I had a hard time learning, because the book is very bad.   I gave up trying to use the book and discovered how to program it on my own.

They really need to rewrite the manual.   I would have loved to see a video on how to program and use it, but Behringer does not offer one.                
No problems at all.   It is built well, and looks very nice.

People complain about the battery, but more than two years have past and the battery is still good.  I had to replace the 5 pin DMX connector with one that has 3 pins, and now I connect it to the dimmer packs with microphone cable.                
Yes, I think it does all I want it to do and has features that others did not offer for same price.                
I sent a few emails asking for more info on how to program the chases but they never answered back.

The book is bad, needs to be rewriten by an English or American born person.  Behringer could make a video demostrating how to program the chases and how to use the conroller.                  
People that came and looked at it were impressed.   It looks great.

Most of them think it costs a lot more than what I paid.                
I have no plans to replace it, but if it is stolen I will buy another one just like this one.                
Behringer has did it again. What and AWSOME machine.                
Umm, it doesnt produce a sound you know.... it does have sound to light features which look interesting, but the chase fader and now the main faders have packed in after only a short use so I can't try anything grrr....                
Lovely looking piece of kit for the money, more features than you'd ever need for one gig, plenty of headroom to experiment with it's features which could cover from Disco sound to light to 24 channel theatre lighting and more.... but three important faders have packed in on mine grrr after only a few hours use                
It can do lots of things, so there's lots to read up on from it's manual. I reckon I could write the manual with better context and grammar. I tried to read it in english while trying to think  like a german engineer! it's got lots of nice little features, that you might not use frequently so forget easily, then you're back in the manual, reading English, thinking in German ^_^                
Looks fab straight out of the box, love it's looks. The case is pretty but lightly built, which is ok if you cherish your stuff and look after it like I try to. It can be cased easily enough to protect it's light build - just dont throw it around un-boxed! I am really cheesed off at the failure of main faders though, the unit is unuseable after only a few hours grrrrrrrrr!!!                
If it worked sweetly I would be over the moon with joy at the price. I love it's looks, I am fascinated by the features it packs, It's well capable of what I need and more, very compact, did I say it looks good? - it does. but..... it's let me down horribly by being faulty after such short use.                
Dunno, not tried them yet cause I am so annoyed and fear I'm going to be "fobbed off" with "you probably didnt do this..." which is my usual experience of customer service departments, but I will have to get in touch I guess or bin the unit.                
I still want it, that's why I considered it carefully before I bought it - but...... (read the rest of this review)                
I have another Behringer product - a Virtualizer, nice kit, again more features than you'd ever need in a practical situation. Again, it's manual is set out really badly and not very friendly. That machine works fine - except when used with computer generated audio, where it suffers terribly from digital noise intereference.                
Yeah loads of features for the money if you can find them.                
Manual is a nghtmare. You get into the bit they're teaching you then  it goes off on a complete tangent without completing the tuition in that area.

I thought it was just me but the manual really is so fragmented.

As has been said it  needs rewriting and a video would be gratefully received. 

Steve                 
I purchased this unit here at Zzounds. I am a single vocalist/guitarist and sometimes play with one or two others. My normal venue is a coffee shop. 
This unit provides two independent channels (which can be linked for stereo) so I can put voice on one channel and guitar on the other; this helps performance immensely, because the compression characteristics of voice and instrument are very different. 
The unit has useful (defeatable) automatic functions for attack and release, along with auto knee settings. The peak limiter also has an auto program limiter function. I picked mine up at 3:30 in the afternoon and had it up and running at a job by 5:30. It wasn't yet running optimally, but it was working, making things better. By the next day I had it tweaked to produce maximum benefit.
This unit does two things for me: 1) it makes my amplification system more effective, because the compressed signal comes through with more power at any given amp setting. 2) it allows my music to "sit" above the ambient conversation level of the coffeehouse. Everyone can hear my music, even the softer parts, but the volume is not too high for customers to talk comfortably. Without compression I had to choose between being annoyingly loud or annoyingly inaudible (the quieter parts of the music could not be easily heard by customers.)
The physical build is very high quality, the display is very nice, and the controls are exacting. The de-esser works well, as do the tube simulation and dynamic enhancer. 
The only shortcoming of this unit is the usual Behringer problem: an infuriatingly dense manual that is occasionally incorrect and is always hard to understand. But the unit itself is worth twice the price, and the results exceed expectations. If you are into recording or coffee shops, get this unit!                
I use this tool in my Fred Flintstone studio. I broadcast a music show on SW radio. I needed an up-to-date version for my 1995 "Composer". I couldn't believe the ZZSound price. The audio is alive and clean and much, much louder than the older Composer.                 
I love the limiter action and the DE-esser. There are high frequency restrictions for short wave broadcast and the DE-esser attenuates without being too noticeable, the offending frequencies.                
The 'Composer" is very user friendly, but I felt that the manual's suggestions for settings got me in the ballpark and I proceeded from there.                
It's built like a rock. It should survive in an actual broadcast transmitter enironment very well. Solid metal construction.                
My first Composer was $199.00                
I'll keep this box for quite a while.                
This is a great 2 channel compressor. Buy four, you have 8 for regular size drum kits. It also has a tube button (witch seems to add some 15k highs to brighten your mics a little (especially cheaper ones. Works great.) And also has an enhancer button, witch seems to add a tad of tone (not much really.) Other than that, this compressor is very responsive with little coloration, has a great gate on each channel, along with a rms limiter. I would recommend this to people who need to record drums cheaply, but still need good levels/tone while tracking. You can rely on this for years probably.                
The "adapative" mode makes setting up the system very effective.                
None supplied.  Designed to work into a system.                
I've purchased and used several with my sound system installations. Never a failure.                
Very good value.  Oh, there's better but at considerably more cost.                
Never needed.  Information supplied is very complete                
Good looking compact unit.                
I'll keep using them.                
Of all the things I have done and installed into my system this one piece of hardware has made the most resounding difference. The effects in the Korg 32XD DAW are good, even superlative. However, the compressed signal processing from the Michrophone has annealled the pro sound. It was the one thing needed.                  
This compresser has so many controls it is a little daunting at first, but do what the manual says and some great stuff can happen. I found it relatively easy to use. It looks good. It doesn't heat things up to much and you just half to pay attention to the tweaks that have to be done to get the right nuances.                
The unit is generally a signal processer that once in the line you can forget about it. That is exactly what you need. This gets a great sound. You set it and it does it's job. The price was so good it seems like a good idea to have more than one. Once having used something like this you realize your not gonna get the same control and great sound without it.                 
This unit is made supprizingly well considering it is all steel. This item you can tell is pumped out quick but it does not seem to make a difference. It does what you want it to do. The looks are appropriate. You could give me 1930s English electronics and I would not care. The appearance is just fine.                
DANGTOOTIN GREAT DEAL!!!!! There is no substitute for a good piece of equipment that does what you want it to.                 
Haven't used it. Based on price I don't expect much. Buy another one!!                
It was this component that solidified a real signal processing chain between the recorder and mic. You can't have a weak link in chain.                
This product will be replaced by a new MDX 2600 and maybe a couple more. I want the best too but that is later.                
Still getting familiar with it, but so far we love it.  As good or better than many at twice the price.  De-essing is impressive.                
Actually very easy to use, I am just a slow learner when it comes to new components.                
Again, hard to beat for the money, but also impressive on the features and quality.                
De-essing is surprisingly good.                
I have played with some of the best known compressors in the business... some more expensive than a monthly car payment and I would have to say: Bang for the buck the this comrpessor wins hands donw .. I have the AutoComp 1600 on loan and was impressed on how it handled hard to mix live situations... I plan to get another two channels worth of this particular compressor for my Live/Bass/Studio rig GREAT JOB                
couldnt ask for a prettier set of lights that you could see from across the room to let you know its doing its job .. the brushed steel look with balck face and trim makes it look class act.                
never had to call support... the product is just that good ...                 
'nuf said..                
I iwll be back to get more stuff from that company ...                 
Using the Interactive Knee feature, this thing is invisible!                
It has an AUTO function for the attack and release functions that works very well and eliminates unnecessary knob twisting.                
For the money, this is a good value.  I like how the power supply is built in which means no wall-wart PSU.  The dancing LEDs are beautiful when in use.  The lights are not just for show either.  There are lights that show when the expander/gate, compression interactive knee, de-esser, and peak limiter are active.  The more the lights dance, the better you have it dialed in. The LEDs in the switches are bright, maybe too bright, because some light leaks into the switches that are off and not supposed to be lit.                
I paid just over a hundo (US) including shipping.  I think this unit is an EXCEPTIONAL value.                
So many languages!  If this is your first experience with a dynamics processer, you may be a bit overwhelmed at first.  The manual is bare minimum.                
I bought this unit for recording/broadcasting so I could use my Alesis Nanocompressor elsewhere.  It has met my expectations 110%.  If I could change one thing, I would have phono-plugs for the input/output instead of the 1/4" jacks.  Maybe thats an engineering decision Behringer made because there is another market out there that would be upset without them.                
The sound is very good. No pumping and breathing, no special effects. Does a good job of invisible compression, noise floor elimination and limiting. I noticed no difference with the tube emulator. Stereo couple causes a slight unequal pan out so I dont use that. It is not too hard to tweak each channel to the same settings since the knobs are rotary encoders. Bought this for my analog synthesizer and it does the job quite nicely.                 
the best feature for me is the interactive knee. The unit is easy to use and sounds good. I noticed no difference with the tube emulator. Stereo couple causes a slight unequal pan out so I dont use that. It is not too hard to tweak each channel to the same settings since the knobs are rotary encoders. I very much applaud the lighting. It not only looks cool but it really helps tell you how well you have all the knobs dialed in and they reflects changes in the compression. you can see and hear what you are doing.                 
It is easy to get good compression with this without unwanted effects. The interface is layed out well and it's easy to use. The issue is the manual, which is written poorly. I had to learn compression from various internet articles and then apply them to this compressor and spent a saturday afternoon on it, without too much difficulty.                 
Quite reliable and has a nice brushed steel and black appearance.I use it in a studio only, so no comment on roadworthiness.                  
It is a good, invisible compressor / expander / limiter with interactive knee / invisible compression and lots of dancing lights to help you tweak the knobs at a value price, reliable and does the job. Reccommended.                
never had to contact Behringer. I read behringer products gets mixed reviews but after reading reviews on this product, I ordered it from zzounds and it has not dissapointed. I use it on a regular basis.                
product appeal: price and the knobs and LEDs. I was advised to buy into plug-in VST compressors but I wanted the real thing I could touch, tweak the kobs, see the lights as a new song plays. The black and silver look good.                 
It helped my music by compressing my analog synth nicely and improving the overall level and sound of it. I would replace it.                 
The sound of this thing is real nice. I've only tested it out, I jsut got it so I havent done alot of recording yet. So far, I can see where this piece of equipment can be very useful.                
the features all sounnd really nice. the compressor is good, the limiter is fine, and I'm really enjoying the enhancer feature that brings the brightness of the signal back after compression.                
the manual doesnt give you the best details in the set up as far as giving examples, but I didnt have much of a problem figuring it out. I'm not by far the best with learning new equipment on my own, but if I can do it, any one with any common knowledge can.                
I cant find a flaw. I mean, its not built like a tank, but I dont need a tank in my studio.                 
for the price, you can't beat the quality of this thing. You get more for less.                
I've had a few Behringer products and I've never had the pleasure of dealing with the customer service reps.                
Its way better than not having one. It really dosnt matter what kind of compressor or how much you pay, this kind of electronics is sorta solid and more exspencive stuff dosnt help, its all the same!!                
Really good stuff..took me a few days to get everything down but in the end it all was amazing!                
it was so light when i first picked it up. It was really easy to slap it to a rack mount. I just baught it but if u treat your stuff right it should last no matter what knind u get!

the sound was amazing. Just great                
Look.....u cant get anything cheaper for this stuff. if your paying any more than 190$ for this you can get it cheaper!!                
I actully have called behringer befor and they were quite good. Iv called a few places but nothing as good as BEHRINGER!!                
man....if this was a woman i would have annaliated it!!!                
i dont care what anyone says this product kicks all friggin ass alright. I love it. I baught 3 of them!!!!                
It has no sound which is what it is designed for.                
Nice gate feature in addition to normal compressor features                
Easy to use if you're use to setting up compressors                
I've used Behringer compressors for years without any problems.  Some have written reviews complaining of their failure, but I've never had a problem with one.  In this day and time of cheap production even the "name brands" can have issues.                
For the features in this unit, plus getting four (4) individual compressor channels in 1 unit it is hard to beat for the price.  Several years ago there was an article in a well known music magazine with a major music producer who admitted to using Behringer compressors in his own studio. So...                
Never needed it yet.                
Functional, no sex appeal                
Again, I've used Behringer compressors for years both in live and studio situations without any problems.  Some have knocked them, but it may have been because they really didn't know how to properly set up a compressor.  I would buy one and use the savings to buy better quality microphones which is where the "how good is your sound" starts whether you're live or studio.                
I have been an audio/recording/pro-sound engineer for 30 years. I recently purchased this unit for use in a concert simply to control all the inputs to the board (hint - best live sound compresses/limits EVERY channel). The Multicom has very nice features for the price range. It's not going to compare to a Focusrite or Avalon but you're not paying thousands of dollars either.  If you're a gigging band with your own sound, or have a local rig for your instrument where you submix a feed to the main board, this unit will definitely do the job. May or may not use it in a studio but the features work competently and when we used it in a large stage setting, the people giving us a standing ovation and yelling for more didn't notice the price or brand name of our compressor. Best value for working musicians/bands.                
When it works, it sounds as good as any other compressor or gate I've used                
Great combindation of features for the price                
Bought two units. One had it's CH#3 gate begin sticking a month into use. The second unit developed a problem 2 months later; audio barely audible and distorted. Never had a problem with other Behringer products...very happy with their line. But this model has only been out for a year, I suspect design or mfg quality problems                
This model only....otherwise Behringer products have been a very good value for me                
Forget it.....big company selling products dirt cheap, you'll spend more time and money trying to get it serviced than it's worth. Don't respond to emails...you're pretty much on your own.                
Need to find a replacement now                
items work good when it works. I purchased 2 of these units and both are giving me problems, one has a very bad distortion in all channels and thee other keeps shorting out in channel 2 and 3 giving a extrembly bad distortion sound then chops up the sound. veery disappointed. I quess it true you get what you pay for....                
okay when it works                
easy to use.....                
poorly made product.....                
good price but product is terrible.                
the worse warranty support in the industry. Do not return emails or phone calls. It took severial phone calls and emails in order to get a warranty claim #.                
bad product not happy                 
As a follow up on the warrantee of the MDX4600.  I purchased a competitors compressor to get back in operation quickly.  It took over two months and many phone calls and emails but I DID receive an new as a warrantee exchange.  If a failure occurrs you must be patient.  Buy two of them and keep one as a spare!                
Amazing little instrument. I bought this because I needed a quick way to connect my shock mounted voice mic to a sound card that didn't provide the 48V phantom power needed to run the mic. What I got was incredibly enhanced sound that really extended the feature set of my mic system. 
The warm tones and clean sound alone, make this a great piece of equipment for the money.                
I really like the features of this little device. I can use it with or without the 48V phantom power for my mic, simply by pressing the button. It has a button for 20db boost, and I really like the mechanical (analog) control it gives me outside of my computer sound setup. No mouse needed to set the gain or output.                 
Outstanding quality, build, fit, and finish.                
I would say it's well worth the money. I actually paid list because I needed it, and it's well worth the money.                
Haven't needed the support yet.                
It's not something you might think you want until you have it. It's not a sexy product by looks or specs, but by sound, you can't beat it!                
Don't see trading it, but I might buy more of them.                
Excellent sound quality - using to power a condenser mike and connect to a ham radio.                
It does get quite warm to the touch - I'm going to add a small fan on the outside to aid in venting.                
Well built and small enough to fit in my crowded shelf.                
Does the job as advertised. It provides more than enough gain for any circumstance.                
Nothing spectacular - it just works!                
Overall, very pleased.                
Clear sounding, No real coloring to the sound which is what its suposed to do.

I own a Tube MP(ART). This sounds the exact same.                
More features than my Tube MP. I assume that Behringer Copied the design very closely.

As with most low priced gear its componats could use some upgrading(better tube, ect ect). but these can be done by local shops.                
Good Build, Behringer makes a good product that keeps working and is tough as nails.                
Very Very good value, I plan to get another.                
Five here since I have never in my 5 years of using behringer products had to contact them for support.                
I like the case and the vibe of it. The Chicken head knobs give it a retro vibe.                
I cant realy say how long I would stay satifyed with anything as I like to use multiple brands of simular things as they all sound diferent. So I will say its a good piece that will stay in my collection.

As we can see some people dont know how to use something as simple as a Mic pre.

DOnt listen to their ignorant ramblings. This realy is a great product for a dirt cheap price.                
Swap the tube, it makes a huge difference.  I put in a electro-harmonix 12AX7EH, really improved the sound and reduced hum quite a bit.  Going back to the stock tube would reduce my rating from an 9 to a 7.  I'm going to scrap the stock opamps and go with something a bit more cleaner.  If that works like it did on my 3630 compressor, I would have to change my sound rating to an 11.

The limiter really ruins the sound and keeps me from even thinking of anything higher than an 9.  In fact I'd be really ticked if I couldn't turn it off.  Avoid any setting with the limiter engaged.  It just brings in the mud, wipes out any clarity at all levels. (You should know that this is just about par for any kind of limiter, IMHO, just not normally this bad at really low levels.)                
Its a simple 1 channel preamp, how many features does it need?  What you do get is important though.                
Once again, single channel, gain and level knobs, easy...  Just watch out, you're not using the tube on any modeling setting that doesn't have the "warmth band" beside it.                
Been my first stage preamp, directly after my bass and before my Tech21 SansAmp, for over two years now.  It goes with me on the road, I just toss it in back of the rack with the cables.  Works every time I pull it out.

Great for being able to adjust the level of different basses, even switching to an upright, so I can use one rack with all the rest of my gear without having to change a hundred knobs to get the right sound.  As long as the meter on this is peaking at 0, I know my effects will sound like I want them.

Don't listen to the retard who says the tube isn't hooked up.  It is, just only operational on the models with the "warmth band" next to it.  On neutral its just a transparent buffer/level converter.  Don't believe me?  Take it apart and pull the tube, set the model on "valve".  Any idiot holding the manual could tell you this :)                
Cheap and it works!                
The best support is the kind you never had to use!                
Great size, just wish it had a power switch and mute switch.  Neither of which is a deal breaker and if I needed that bad enough there is enough room to install one myself.  Quick side note: I currently use the "20dB pad" button as some kind of mute when I switch instruments, this works well enough that I have not added a pure mute switch.                
Nice tube tone. Running this for electric guitar. Between external preamp & the guitar amp. Gives the solid state preamp/amp a nice warm tube tone. However, this is not a overdrive box, gives a nice crunch when cranked, but not wat would expect from a tube amp. Set clean, it nicely warms up the input signal into a nice thick glassy tube amp tone.                
Gain, Output, Phase Reverse, etc... Limiter has no controls, only on & off. Not very useful, as it sounds unnatural.                
Well built and sturdy. Not really road worthy, but not designed for that. I was skeptical bout how "good" the stock preamp tube was. It's probably some OEM 12AX7A, labelled Behringer. So I replaced it with a Sovtek 12AX7LPS. Turns out the stock tube sounds much warmer & smoother.                
At that price...                
Never needed to. Haven't own this long enough to warrant it as well. I wasn't happy with one of their products I bought in the past, and the dealers allow for exchange to other products, no questions asked.                
Already own it. Several similar problems on the market, by Art & dbx. Behringer is known to be rip offs, but this time, did Art rip off dbx or vice versa?                
Well worth the money just for guitar alone. Several other good reviews on it running as a mic preamp.                
As a mic pramp it's a bit noisy but actually really sounds good for the price. Remember, it costs less than a hundred bucks! A good pre will set you back a couple of grand!                
It seems to have and do everything that the ART Tube MP Studio V3 has but for less money. I don't own the ART unit but I would assume that their quality would be about the same. I wish it had a power switch though.                
absolutely simple to use. The knobs have a good feel and a cool classic look. Watch your output level, it gets noisy real fast.                
I think you get what you pay for. However I have several other Behringer products that I have been using for over six years without any problems whatsoever. 'Most' of their gear works well. I don't anticipate any difference with this tube pre. I had the luxury of trying a $2000.00 UA 610 pre at the same time and I can tell you that it's worth every penny and more. I plan on getting one. However this little puppy also makes a great stage DI for my acoustic guitar so when I can afford a "real" Mic Pre in my studio this unit will still be paying for itself on stage.                  
It's a  smokin' deal for the price and as long as it holds up' I'll probably buy more as DI units for stage                
I've never had to call for any support for any reason before. So I can't answer. Everything they make, usually come with a fairly comprehensive manual, printed in about 20 languages!                
The knobs sold me in five seconds. The sound actually surprised me instantly and it actaully looks quite nice. I practically bought it before I tried it.                
If it lasts for even a year as a DI box then I will never use a passive DI box again. My studio doubles as a 'mobile unit' and I don't know how I feel about dragging my studio rack around with a mic pre that costs more than my DAW itself. this unit is small, portable, sounds pretty decent and is 'disposable'. Any studio could use a unit like this at some point. The best hundred bucks I spent in a long time!                
Sounds Great! Have used it in multiple locations running into several different systems, always has a consistent sound and makes Vocals sound much, much warmer - it also improves the awful sounding SM58's and other dynamic mic's i have used with it considerably. Used with a low noise condenser like the NT-1A it is phenomenal. It Warms up everything you patch through it. Noiseless - which is a major feature.                
Once again - noiseless - strong construction - especially for the price. If i had to fault it - it would be the limiter, but everything else no problems. The knobs at first feel kind of weak - but after a couple of months that still work perfectly.                 
Seems well made - after 2 months of constant use it is not looking like falling apart or anything like that - still looks brand new and acts like it is the first time out of the box. It does get a little hot once you leave it on for a few hours, but you would expect that considering the tube in the middle of it all. It has taken a few hard knocks and a couple of falls - and has travelled with me a lot, overall very sturdy and still in perfect shape.                
For what it does - i would easily pay triple, and previously did. I have a few other Behringer products i have purchased after this one, and so far the value of all is outstanding.                
Never needed it - doesn't look like i am ever going to.                
The looks are not going to set the world on fire - but the sound sure makes up for it - so that's why i am rating this one 7 - aesthetically it is bland, who knows though - slap some glossy paint on it and it may just get sexy - i doubt it though.                 
At this point if i lost this baby i would definitely replace it. It will most likely always have a place in my setup - for its sheer simplicity alone. I will be supplementing my setup with a multiple input pre-amp in the not too distant future - but i can't see going a day recording without getting some sort of benefit from having this one along. Before i bought this i tried out a couple of other pre-amps - one being the Prosonus TubePre - which 3 times the price - and it went straight back to the store because it was awful sounding and noisy - this little puppy in comparison is a dream come true - noiseless and more sturdy construction.                 
This is the first pre-amp I have owned, and I can say for $30... I am very pleased. Has a nice sound when combined with my condensor.                
Just your basic plug it in and go features. Not many options.                
This is my first ever mic pre so I'm going to give this machine a good grade. It made a difference on the overall warmer presence of the tone. I'd have to say I like it. Bear in mind, I was looking at the price because I've never used one before, too. So, in all I'd say it was worth the effort, the price for the sound improved.                
The Behringher c2 microphone is a sturdy piece of equipment that collects sound well. The Behringher tube ultragain MIC100 was very easy to set up and connect. to my computer. I did wind up purchasing a new usb external sound card because The proprietary one in my pc was insufficient. Both great products and a great price.                
It does add some warmth to the tone. Although I noticed that you will inevitably have some low background hiss. I spent some time adjusting the gain until it wasn't too bad. It does reproduce the sound quite clear however                
Nothing fancy. standard preamp features. gain, phantom power, limiter. pretty basic                
2 knobs and a few buttons. you should be able to figure it out in a few minutes                
I would have given this more than a 6 if it hadn't crapped out on me after just over a year of having it. I thought the tube may have burnt out so I replaced it to no avail. I guess you get what you pay for. Don't expect this product to last forever......you're probably lucky if you get a few years out of it                
I guess the value isn't that bad considering how cheap it is. The sound quality is not that bad either considering it is such an inexpensive unit. So while it was working I was pleased, but don't expect it to last for you cause it's not durable at all                
I wrote some emails and got nothing back                
It's a good paper weight on my desk I guess

also a drink coaster

multiple functions...                
Overall, if you're a solo musician just lookin to throw together a few recordings to see what you sound like, it will do the job. Just remember you're getting what you pay for                
This thing sounds like a toy. Thin, dull, and cheap. I would much prefer an art tube MP or anything for that matter.                
It makes a good drink coaster.                
I suppose it is self explanatory.                
Cheap Chinese junk. I opened it up, and the tube does not even run through the circuitry.                 
For 30 bucks I could build a cheaper one.                
Behringer in general is crappy.                
Heck no! Its an ugly white box and not even rack mountable.                
This thing is a toy. Do not waste your money. It is actually annoying to my ears. Most of the people who have left decent comments  have probably never used anything else.                
First off this is an excellent product and I'm 100% satisfied with it's performance.  I would like to say that changing the tube is a small challenge, but you will more than likely do that if you are into ultra low microphonics and want to go with a lower gain, say a 5751 tube.   I went with the 5751 and although it was a task to change, it was well worth the effort.  I mean, at $99, just the electronics are worth it, nomatter what tube, just that our crew is going for the sweetest sound possible and this unit delivers.                
I was in need of a preamp and I've had experience with Behringer products in the past....did some research and came across this preamp..many folks talk smack about Behringer but I had a combo amp from Behringer and it survived a flood....thus preamp rocks...the three band EQ and built in sonic maximizer are incredible...for the price you can't go wrong...the tube give an extra boom and warmth to my bass....I luv it!!!!                
The sound is quiet enough noise wise, and the gain given is smooth but not ultra punchy.  I used it for vocals mainly and lately on stereo mixdowns, which I'm not totally convinced on the later. On the subject of the tube - it really is only on the post gain that the tube is employed and the yellow light thing that fades in is just a LED. I've never really heard the tube in that regard.                
Using the EQ is do-able but not surgical or invisible.  The variable req low cut is great. A chain I use alot is; channel 1 for gain and pre compressor eq - into a compressor for de-essing and compression - back into channel 2 for re-gaining and EQ to maximize level for soundcard AD. So even if you want you can get a lot of use out of the two parametric EQs for even one vocal mic.                
It takes all sorts of beatings, shipped it overseas and around the place, there was one bit of plastic rattling around in there for a while but I opened it and shook it out.                
I bought it a while ago and now it's cheaper to buy new!                
Sort of over it now but it was the only pre I used for a while, I'm looking for the next step up. I'd still use it on other gear to get more control on synths and the like.                
I've used a few different low priced mic preamps and this one sounds the best by far!  Vocals sound very crisp.  However, when I used unbalanced cables to output to my computer I could hear a very distinct hum that brought the noise floor way up.  Balanced cables never gave me that problem, though.                
The lo cut feature was very useful.                
Amazing!  Really livened up the signal of my lead vocals.                
As far as I can tell this thing is amazing.                
Good stuff.  I've used it for about 9 months now on different gigs and hasn't let me down yet!                
What can I say?                
Haven't needed support.                
This is one fine piece of equipment.  It has really brought out everything that I could hope for in our vocals.  That's all we've used it for so I can't speak for the DI function of using with a line in function.  I would recommend it to anyone that asked.                
Has a nice sound.. makes vocals sound Fuller, and when mixed down, blends in nice with the beat. i have not used it for anything other than a mic preamp.. but once set right makes good sounding, crisp vocals.                
Have not really messed with this yet.. just using it as a mic preamp for now.                
Havent really gone outside of RODE, OR MACKIE.. but i figured ill give this a try because of the price.. for the price.. DEFF! got the best sound. VERY GOOD QUALITY.                
u cant get a nicer mic preamp for this price! great quality for the price.. hit me up if you need a sample of the vocals i get from it.                
havent tryed this yet.                
good additon to the rack.. nice basic. hi-tech look.. good quality, nice style.                
mos deff got the best out of my $$ got it for $120 with shipping, easy setup, great sound. hoping this will be a good additon to studio.                
I own two of these. New, they were very clean, crisp and transparent. Lots of available gain. Solid state with mild tube edge. New, they were great.

On one, with age, a phntom power button fell apart, and the use of the eqs introduces intrusive amounts of noise. 

On the other, all kinds of noise has popped up. Lots of hiss, some hum. If the input gain is minimzed, so is the noise. The output gain is clean. I use these to enhance the limited sound of the wireless instrument capsule mic in my rig. A good pre has proven worthwhile, but the noise level from this one makes it unusable unless a gate is in the loop. I went back to my older one which has only been used for home recording and it has the same amount of noise - and I don't recall it having been that way before.  So...new, 10, but aged, 6, which in a pre, makes it junk.                
It'd be nice if they all worked. Nice metering, phantom power, internal PS, balanced I/O, phase reverse and flexible EQ. EQ in one unit is a no-go. Other unit is clean and works fine. Output stage is good, but input stages are pretty rough.                 
I'd say 10, except that NOW it's a pain to use because I have to play games with gain to minimize noise. I've got something else on order.                
Two units, both mediocre after just over 1 yr of use, and I'm kind to my gear. I like Behringer products, but based on this experience I will not buy another pre from them, including the well-reviewed VX2496. 

Horrid power-off crackle. Also horrid pop with the eq in/out button. You CAN'T switch it live... it's that bad. With gains high, the pots make signal noise.                
Limited vaklue at best. Both units are still clean as line-in DIs. Sound is still good with hotter inputs, like handheld mics. Fine with a gate. I still find the sound very good as long as minimal gain is needed.                
No experience                
Who puts a fakey backlit tube in a plastic window?                
I will not buy another pre from Behringer.                
If you don't need alot of gain, and you don't use the eq, this unit is clean, clean, clean. very breathy, crystal sound, but not harsh...just accurate. Moderate to heavy gain introduces hiss and humm to an unacceptable, i.e., can't use it, level.                
Great features, until they quit. EQ in one is extremely noisey. My other one overheated outdoors and just quits once its warmed up.                 
easy enuf to use, until they develop problems.                
I really reaaly like behringer products. This, however, does not get my vote. Signal POPs loud with eq in/out buttons, 48V buttons, line/mic buttons. One button stopped latching, hardly ever used. Unit is not vented, and self-overheated.                
As a DI its probably great. Inability to hold up is poor.                
replaced with presonus tubepre.                
Sounds OK when not clipping but this unit has insufficient headroom for live performance. Change singers after it is trimmed and you may not like the outcome if the next guy is a little louder. +10dBu is not enough input range. Noise floor is acceptable when used individually but when used in groups the power supply noise is additive being in phase. This can be dealt with by throwing the odd unit out of phase but that is not always practical.                
I originally bought for the DI/splitter function and as front end for Alesis HD24XR. Lots of I/O connections.                
Build quality is actually pretty good but it's apparent the bean counters didn't let Behringer's engineers do what they wanted to do with this unit.                
For rookie sound engineers this will be one of those pieces they are happy with until they get something better and realize the problems they had were not due to them. It's, at best, Ok for home recording but unusable for live unless you know your signal source very, very well.                
Haven't need to deal with this yet. Web site is good.                
Yeah it looks nice. Dig the lit buttons.                
Not quite what I was hoping for. I will dissect one and see if it can be made better but my guess is that will take major surgery. I'm looking forward to buying a trio of octal preamps or design my own to replace these but now I have a better idea what I need. I'm over the "tube" mystique. I need a preamp with at least 16dBu of input capability.                
I bought this so I could record while travelling because bringing my full size interface isn't sensible and this will fit in my guitar case. I will say I'm quite impressed the sound quality and the options. My expectations weren't extremely high, but it actually comes very close to the quality I get out of my much more expensive full size interface.The preamp options are also excellent, the Valve setting really warms up the sound of direct guitar and I think I will be able to get better than demo quality recordings with it. I haven't put it through it's paces on vocals yet but I think it will replace my other interface for guitar tracking. For $60 it really is a good buy and zZounds was super fast with the shipping                
This Mix 800 is great. Sounds better than my Voco Pro 890 karaoke machine. The Mix 800 has both reverb and echo, the 890 only has echo. Plus the unit is small, which is a plus. Voice canceler is not something I use. Own four Behringer MX8500 mics and this unit is great using the mics. Compliments my home Karaoke system.                
This product does not do anything it says it will do. The only thing it cancels is the music.                
this mixer/canceler is suited for kids/novelty use at best. When you activate the voice cancel feature the music source becomes very muffled and difficult to modulate. But then again for the price it is what it is, a low priced item with quality and performance to match. If you are looking for a crystal clear sound with voice track removed, this is not what you are looking for.                
wasn't expecting much for $150.00. I was very much surprised when I hooked it up to my jbl and cube monitors and my akg q701 cans. the sound is very quiet and true, its well built and the " big knob" feels like the real deal and everybody loves big knobs!                
What a great midi controller, this works great live or in the studio. Can you find another keyboard with motorized faders at this price? I don't think so! It works with several of the top DAW's out there. You won;t be disappointed with this one!                 
The Behringer Europort MPA40BT  is a great all in one Battery Powered PA for less than 180.00 on the street. Two channels line in or XLR.  Bluetooth and USB Digital 2 Mic Capability.  Power for 8hrs. It solves a problem for the gigging musician who has paying gigs for 50-150 people but dose not need the power a DJ would need for a dance floor party.  So many gigs just need some general power to amplify for a small group.  This is an easy set up and makes for a nice gig paying 175.00-300.00 and in a park or backyard.  Just grab your guitar the Europort MPA40BT and maybe a mic or a few battery powered effects and You good to go.  I could see busking with this too in NYC.  The Bluetooth feature let's you stream from your iPhone or Android device.  I've used it with my Andy Culpepper Spruce Blanca with a LR Baggs Dual Source and my Cordoba GKSL with a Fishman Presus Blend.  Both sound great.  Thank you Michael Perez for sharing the information on the Behringer Europort MPA40BT with me.  
I am 100% satisfied with this speaker use it for wedding ceremonies as well as outback of my house and small parties. More than loud enough I haven't even come close to pushing it. The battery life is as advertised. Works better as a line in bit the Bluetooth is fun and easy when sound quality is not as important.                
So, here first the info the I was looking for when I was shopping for battery powered amps before: I used the MPA40BT with two Channels, at more than 50% Volume with a microphone on channel 1, Guitar on channel 2 for 8 hours straight outside playing music, and the battery indicator was still yellow, which should be about 50% power remaining. So I believe the 12 hour power claim. I am pleasantly surprised that it sounds very good. The drawback is so far only that the guitar fades very strongly when you sing. Otherwise this amp has exceeded my previous expectations. It is loud enough to play in the Street and be heard nicely. Mic Sound is great, a build in reverb would be an additional great feature, since I am working entirely battery powered. The Pro handle works great as well. Put a bag on top of the amp and your cart is ready to be pulled to the gig. The Bluetooth sounds great as well. I loaded some Karaoke tracks on my phone and they worked great as backing tracks. Paired the amp with the push of one button. Easy. I think I chose the right amp for busking.  I had no contact with the Manufacturer, but I am required to rate it ???. Well, I put five stars just hoping that Behringer will offer great support in case something should go wrong.  I will keep you posted since I used the Amp only several time so far, but under serious work conditions. If there should be a problem later, I will update this review. Thanks.                
Recently purchased this item after trying out the Roland Street Cube EX.  Although the Street Cube has a lot more to offer as far as Effects, it can't compare to the power and sound of the Behringer MPA40BT-Pro with Bluetooth!!!  The Behringer has more low end and full range sound and is louder than the Roland for 1/3rd the price!  Now the Roland offers 4 inputs, but the Behringer MPA40-BT has 4 also.  2 Hi Z inputs and or Low Z inputs.  3rd channel is Bluetooth wireless, and 4th is RCA.  For my situation, We only needed two.  Don't get me wrong, Roland Street Cube is a very well made and well thought out unit, but for 1/3rd the price and better sound and louder over all projection, the Behringer MPA40BT-Pro works better!                
Sound response for mic'ed actors was exceptional using Shure BLX body mics. They also sound great for karaoke with the cheap, tried-and-true Nady DKW Duo. I also tested them wirelessly with an Akai EWI5000, and the sound was clean, pure, and LOUD. As you would expect for speakers of this size, they're a little light on bass, but even at that, the bass was far better than I expected it to be.                
Take your pick. 12+ hours of battery life, Bluetooth, sound quality, multiple inputs, independent level controls for each input, handy wheels and extending handle.                
They worked flawlessly and easily right out of the box.                
Build quality seems very solid, but only time will tell. My only complaint about the build is that the plastic of the outer housing is a little slick and doesn't want to hold onto the stick-on velcro pads I put there for the wireless receivers and external batteries to go with them. I solved that problem with a little bit of Gorilla Glue.                
You can't get a better battery powered Bluetooth speaker for the money, and you can't even get CLOSE to a battery powered DJ speaker of this quality for the money.                
I have not needed support for these speakers, but I've dealt with Behringer before, and they've always provided good warranty service.                
People loved these speakers at the show we did this week. They were amazed that not only was the sound exceptional, the speakers were completely wireless and mobile.                
I had a specific plan in mind when I bought them, and they surpassed my expectations, so I wanted to share it here.First thing, I want to address the battery issues some people have reported on other reviews. Mine have worked flawlessly in their first real world outing. I used these speakers for the past week as satellite speakers for mic'ed actors in a Shakespeare production. After every three hour performance, they still showed 4 bars of battery. We recharged them every night just in case, but we wouldn't have needed to. If you get these speakers and have battery issues, my advice would be to contact Behringer for warranty. I've used Behringer products for years as a mobile DJ and as a theatre sound technician, and their customer and warranty service has always been exceptional.Second, I want to talk about something else people have complained about. These speakers do not have an "out" connection. That does NOT mean you can't use two of them in stereo, wirelessly, you just need to put a little ingenuity and investment into it. I already had an Alto Stealth wireless audio transmitter/receiver system. The thing about the wireless system is that the receivers run on very little power. So little that, with the purchase of a $10 5v to 12v USB boost adapter, you can run the receivers off an external cell phone battery. I purchased a pair of 16750 mAh batteries to go along with them, and a pair of boost adapters. Now these speakers are 100% wireless without the signal delay you often get from Bluetooth. I attached the batteries and receivers to the sides of the speakers with velcro. This worked flawlessly, every single night. So I can put these speakers anywhere, in stereo or mono, in pairs or one at a time, without having to run a single cable for audio OR power.These speakers are LOUD, much louder than you'd expect, with decent bass for their size. You wouldn't want to run them in a night club without a subwoofer, but for your average quick-setup small to medium karaoke night these are going to be fantastic. I will be using them in a 220 seat theatre for karaoke night at the end of the month, and I don't expect to have any issue at all with filling the room with sound. Granted, it's a theatre, not a football stadium, so your mileage may vary.I also tested one of these out by itself as the speaker for an Akai EWI 5000 wind synthesizer, and the sound is incredible. The battery system I described above also is more than enough to power the EWI wireless receiver. That means that these speakers are almost ideal for busking with an EWI. With a decent mic plugged in, and an acoustic-electric guitar, I also think they would be fantastic for small acoustic gigs.Do NOT use the mic that comes with the speaker! It's barely a toy. Get yourself at the very least a Nady Starpower or a Behringer Ultravoice on the low end, or invest in a decent Shure PG or SM58 (go with the SM if you can spare the extra $40).The Bluetooth on these speakers is as easy to connect as any, and the sound quality is as excellent as any other connection. The only reason I don't use Bluetooth for gigging is you can't sync two speakers together, and because there's enough of a delay in signal to make it useless for karaoke or live music. But if you're just going to be playing music from your phone, computer, or tablet, you cannot get a better battery powered speaker for the price.Granted, I've only tested these speakers real-world for a week, but if they keep working as well as they have been, I have no doubt they'll be my go-to speakers for most applications outside of large weddings or night club gigs. They're worth every penny I've put into them.                
I bought this speaker not knowing too much about it , I bought it for my son to use it for his marching band at his HS ...for practice they needed something that would be portable , well it is great , the batteries last 12-15 hours at least !  and I used it last Saturday for a wedding ceremony outside and it worked outstanding !! Now I wouldny DJ with this speaker but I would take it to the park , beach or wherever and listen to my music in a very very respectable nice sound .    Yes  I would recommend this speaker .. 
Bluetooth works easily and flawlessly.  Great sound and plenty of it for what it is. Battery lasts hours. I use it for outdoor wedding intro and recession music.                 
This little speaker can put out some amazing sound. I only found one small issue with this bad boy. I do not know how strong a Bluetooth signal can be, but whenever I use it in my house and walk to other rooms ( phone in pocket ) the sound becomes intermittent, I guess the walls hinder the signal. However, it has good range in open areas, or outdoors. Might be prudent to purchase a PA tripod stand, it projects the sound 10 fold as opposed to having it on the floor/ground. I use this thing a lot and has good battery life before having to charge it.                 
I am impressed with this PA. The sound quality is great. The Bluetooth works great and we are able to use this in different places we sing. This will be especially good for our Easter Sunrise service and later, the Memorial Day service, both which are held in the local cemetery where there is no power. The battery is strong enough to handle all the sounds. We have tried some higher priced karaoke machines but they lacked quality. This machine did not let us down. We also bought a wireless mic which made it even better.                
This 8-inch 40-watt speaker has an amazing sound and functionality for a battery-powered unit.  At 20 lbs., it's perfect for music and sound reinforcement at a beach wedding.  I just carry the speaker, stand, and laptop to the sand, power on and start the prelude music.                
The Behringer MS16 Active Personal Monitor is a great set of powered speaker.                
It comes ready to use, right out of the box.                
Very easy to use.

Great  for home, office, desk and laptop.

I use this set of speakers to mix the tracks that I record on my Tascam DP-008. They are excelent monitors for home studio.                
Behringer makes excellent products.

Excellent sound and controls

The MS16 is one of them.

I am very happy with Behringer products.                
The price of the Behringer MS16 is the best one on the market.

About five years ago I bought the same kind of monitor made by Roland (the MA-8)and the price was way higher than the actual price of the Behringer MS16.

All the products that I have from Behringer work very well.

So far, I have not used the support yet.                
I just needed a pair of monitor for my home studio                
The MS16 is a great set of speakers with  excellent sound quality, and I expect to use this pair of monitor for some years to come.
                
The sound is pretty good.  Keep in mind these are "budget" monitors, and for $60.00 they're well worth it.  My only complaint about them is how they handle low frequencies.  I have to back off on the bass when I'm using my synths.  However, when using my Fostex digital 8 track (MR-8B) they sound quite nice!                
I'm going to give features a 10 for several reasons.  My (10) rating is based on what all they included on these speakers for under $60. You get bass and treble control, there is a 1/4 mic jack on the front--with its own volume control, and on the rear there are two more sets of inputs.  One being RCA, and the other one is a 1/8 jack.  You can have three connections to these speakers at one time.  Plus the size of the monitors allows them to set nicely into a desktop setup without taking much space.

Also keep in mind that these monitors aren't "new" per say.  These particular monitors are actually the old "Roland Micro Monitors" with the Behringer name.  They're the exact same thing.                 
Very easy to use.  There's nothing to them.  Plug them into the wall, connect your gear, and push the power button :)                
Quality is very good for the price range.  Again, lower frequencies (when using keyboards) can cause distortion.                
For less than $60 truely a "great value".  They're worth every penny.  Even if you don't do studio work, these would make a great substitute for cheap (good sounding) computer speakers, or anything you want to hook up to them (ipods, CD players, ect).                
I've contacted them regarding other products and service was always good.                
Great sex appeal...:)  They got a clean design to them, and just looking at them you can't help but think-- "Hmmmmmm how do those puppies sound?"                
I plan on being satisfied with them as long as they "continue to work".  When they break--then I'll be unsatisfied.  If they broke today I'd buy another pair.  For the price you can't go wrong.  Well worth it.                
Very big sound.  I was highly impressed.  My one gripe is they are very "heavy" sounding.  The low frequencies are most prominent when used with the bass and treble knobs at a flat response.  You can adjust them manually but I would like them to be a bit more flat sounding.  For 60 bucks, I am not complaining.  I will admit, this is the weakest link in my chain, but if you can make your mix sound good on these, trust me, it will sound good anywhere.                
For what they are they work good. We use them for non-linear editing system. They are better than computer speakers, better built, not hi-fidelity. We looked at some of the more expensive ones that sounded a little better but for three times the price I thought whatever. We bought the MS16's                
Good features for the money                
Easy to use. Everything's labeled on the speaker.                
Good value for the money. They're cheap, but well worth $70                
Good bang for the buck.                
No                
Basic                
Hope it lasts several years                
Sound is terrific to me gotta love them.. you can really hear everything. No hiss in less you turn the treble up all the way then you hear a little bit.. Beats the hell out of computer speakers!                
they are ok really wish they had 1/8 jacks so i plug directly into my interface as 1/8 instead of quarter inch..                
Its made pretty cheap what do you expect your only paying like 60 bucks so.. What more can you expect?                
Dont need none just hook her up correctly and you will be listing in no time=]                
not very sexy looking lol but the def get the job done. they really look like some speakers you would up to a regular stereo                
These monitors are probably the single worst investment I've made of any sort yet this new year. One person claimed they had too much bass, but when he plugged the ports it tightened them up. What these have, in my opinion, is a boomy replica of bass reproduction, but not actual bass. Effectively they're just a couple of tin cans that I'd return if it were worth the hassle. I'll just Craig's List 'em, take the hit and get rid of them.                
Basic; nothing more.                
I give them a (4) on this count because you have to spend an incredible amount of time trying to position them to sound well, only to find that it can't happen.                
Nothing special, but not defective at any rate.                
Total waste of money even if they were ten bucks!                
No idea.                
"I want them gone"                
They stink, basically.                
Sounds are hissing and at very low volume. All the buttons function as they should,,,, bass is very hard to hear not matter the volume. I would not buy again!! I am currently looking to Bose for their companion 3 sepakers.                
No                
Whats to learn? Plug the cord into the wall, the wall into the unit plug speaker jack into speaker and there you go. Concentrate on well built sounding product and ease will come.                
No                
Dont know have not used them                
weak.....weak.....weak!!                
hate it wish I had not bought it. Looking now for a replacement.                
You reallu cant expect the best quality.......however the sound overall is good and you basically get what you want of it                
I Must say that i am quite impressed with the features this lil thing has                
Very Very easy to use                 
Yes "this" product could'nt have been made better                   
Cant get smthng better fot the price                 
never had to deal with the company however the local music shop from where i got this were supportive                 
Quite impressive                 
As long as it lasts happily singing out beautiful tunes                 
sounds very good even at higher volumes. i use it for recording or playing backing tracks while playing thru my amp. when cranked too loaud there is some distortion but at levels just loud enough to compete with my amp levels in my house it sounds pretty good.                
if you cant figure out how to use speakers you probably cant read this review anyway                
seems to be good quality, the logos are cheesy but that is just personal preference                
cant beat the these for 65 bucks reconditioned. they looked brand new                
never used it                
really great speakers for what i do. at the levels i usually use in my house they sound really great. when you factor in the price they really cant be beat                
You get what you pay for.  These are more like mid-range computer speakers than audio monitors.  They do that duty fine.  But they are not for mixing or critical listening.  Bass is weak (I'm not looking for big bass, just a somewhat flat frequency response down to 90 Hz or so, and these definitely don't have that) and they rattle like mad at certain frequencies.                
Well, they're really cheap, so even if they don't sound good, you can use them for plenty of applications other than mixing and critical listening.                
They didn't seem to care that I was really displeased and wouldn't consider an exchange of some sort or some kind of credit.                
 Perfect sound production which you can never imagine Behringer can get this far. Hell with other BIG BRANDS when you can save hundreds and thousands by not looking at brands but listening..truthfully/.                
Best of the best                
Best                
Excellent                
No doubt i want.                
Listen and not look. MS16 is the truth to monitoring your production.                
They get excellent sound from these speakers, for the price you can't beat it $59.00 is worth every penny, I'm using these speakers w/ my  cry baby 535Q wah & my zoom GFX-8 pedal lines run straight out of the GFX-8 L/R jacks into the L/R RCA's & it makes these speakers sound like a full blown stack even at loud levels I thought they would distort like crazy once I turned them up I was wrong it sounded even better like an amp being turned up with plenty of practice volume also can pacth my sound into the mixer w/ the supplied cable & record my sound I hardly use my amp after buying these                 
no                
This is worth every penny & I wouls replace it if it stays the same price you can't go wrong for the price of these speakers                
The stereo separation is excellent. I've still not tried turning the volume higher than 5. At that volume, there was no audible distortion. This is something that separates these speakers from others I've used. I'm so impressed. I would recommend setting the treble to 4 and the bass to 3.                
The mixing features look to be quite useful, but at this point, I have only used the Digital -in (spdif) - which is a feature I love.                
If you're using spdif, make sure to switch to it, as the default on my speakers was optical. Very easy to setup.                
Excellent quality. I was really surprised.                
I think these speakers are worth much more than what they sell for. If I had known how good they'd be, I would have bought them years ago.                
Have not had to contact them                
These are nice looking speakers. They look like near field speakers that cost hundreds more.                
I've wanted these speakers for years. The idea of being able to use spdif from my sound card directly to speakers always seemed like a great idea, so I finally bought them. When I took them out of the box I was surprised at how solid they were. Hooking them up was a snap, and when I turned them on and slowly turned up the sound, I was totally amazed. Beautiful full spectrum sound! Even at 20 watts, the volume at 2 is plenty at night and is full and convincing even at such a low setting. It's true that the sound is a bit tinny unless you add some bass.                
Very detailed, superb sound for such small monitors. I found both highs and lows adequate for the purpose - you are not trying to shake the walls of your house and make your neighbors aware of your new sound system. It is a pair of NEAR FIELD monitors and they do what they are designed to do perfectly. Some users may not fully enjoy these classy speakers because of the inferior analog output of the computer and cheap wires. Also, if you are listening to a low-quality MP3 files with bit rates lower than 192kb or such, you'll hear all the sound compression defects - do not blame your speakers then!                
Volume and bass- treble controls come in handy.                
This 100$ product as well as similar Maudio monitors is way way better then anything that you can buy for your computer in a Circuit City within 400$                
I am not a professional, nor even a particularly advanced amateur, so I may not be the most reliable witness if you want to know about the accuracy of these monitors.  That said, I like them very much.  They seem well built.  The construction is solid and the knobs are smooth and well dampened.
There is a slight hiss, but at a normal distance it is indiscernible unless you have a dead silent room.  If this is a serious problem for you, you probably won't find what you need in this price range.
I have found the 20W to be plenty of power.  They would easily fill a large room.                
These monitors seem to pump out too much bass when the EQ's are set to default. I guess if you listen to hip-hop that is ideal. I usually have the bass knob at about 10 o'clock, and the treble knob at about 2. Otherwise they are loud enough for 10 watts each. They sound awesome when I play my keyboard through them, especially piano. They have a good range, and definitely plenty of bass.                 
I know I should give it a 10, but it doesn't have mid-range EQ's. I realize it's only $100, but that would have been nice. I like the SPDIF ins and outs, and having 2 inputs is a plus. They don't cause a noticeable interference if you place them within a reasonable distance from your computer monitor. Mine are about 3 to 4 inches away on either side.                
How hard is it to adjust volume, bass and treble?                
These things seem heavy duty. I'm sure they will last longer than I have a need for them.                
I'm loyal to Behringer products because of their quality and value, so for the price I don't know if these can be beat.                
I haven't needed to contact them.                
Out of all the studio monitors in this range, I personally think these look a LOT better than any others. I like the sleek black with the white ring around the cone of the bass speakers. It makes my home studio look that much more professional, whereas some others look cheap and child-like.                
I cannot compare these to other monitors in this range, but I am more than satisfied with the quality, and I will only upgrade when I need more volume and more accurate sound reproduction from professional studio monitors.                
Crisp, well defined sound for such small, self-amplified, speakers. I bought them to replace some older stand-alone computer speakers and the Behringer MS20 are so much better.  A perfect match for my home computer set up with limited desk space.                
I've yet to purchase an optical digital cable.  So far I've only used RCA analog cables and the unit sounds great.                
There wasn't much of a learning curve. For me, the ability to instantly adjust the bass and treble are the major benefit.  I can quickly adjust the speaker from voice only or internet radio live stream to DVD movies or CD audio. Living in a small apartment, I do use the front head phone jack, which is well placed for my use.                
Speaker cabinets are made of dense MDF wood rather than plastic.                  
Everything seems to be well made for this price point.                
My PC, keyboad, mouse and monitor are black.  So, the speaker cabinets look great.                  
The sound of these speakers is great. Very clear and allot of seperation. the are the clearest pair of speakers I have. They shoould be they are reference monitors.                
Digital in and analog in are great.Each with it's own volume knob. perfect                
They are speakers. Plug in and go                
Very nice enclosures. Speakers are well made.                 
Can't beat the price on these.                
I don't know. Never had to contact Behringer on any of the products I own. That's great!                
I want it? I have em. Nuff said                
I bought these for my home studio. I needed clear audio for recording. These are great. The bass sound and tweets are great. I recommend these to anyone looking for good near field's.                
for its size and price, i think these are awesome reference speakers. they might be a little small sounding but they have a flat response for critical mixing.                
Better than I expected - 5.0                
More than I need - 5.0
Plug and play - 5.0                
Good, solid construction - 5.0                
Excellent - 5.0                
Have not needed - 5.0                
They look impressive on the desk - 5.0                
I have had powered monitor speakers on my "someday" list for years. I use headphones while I do my audio work, but I sometimes need to play my results for others. I have my computer hooked into my component stereo for when I need to do that. But I have always hoped to some day have a nice pair of powered computer monitors. Of course I've used the cheap ones that sound, well, cheap. So that's why I plug my computer at home into my stereo.
It wasn't until I got involved in video production that I found what I was looking for in the MS20 pair, which was part of a Mac workstation that had been assembled as the best possible solution with a practical budget in mind. The CPU had to be high-end, and for running FCP, a powerful Mac was a given. The people that put together the workstation decided to have powered computer monitors in the Mac alcoves, rather than the headphones that were supplied at the PC workstations in a row on an open counter.
I was skeptical, because price-wise, Behringer is not high-priced gear. But uality-wise, I have always found their products quite competitive at any price. It's as if the product development team at Behringer actually get out and use the gear they produce. Imagine that! But I digress. If you are looking for high-end home theater 
sound, the MS20 may leave you wishing for more. But if you are used to listening to your work on typical computer speakers, you are in for a pleasant surprise.
If you need to fill a cubicle-size room with good sound, get the MS20 and you're set. If you need to fill a classroom or a lecture hall on a regular basis, you might need to spend more and get the MS40. It all depends on your listening environment.
Most of the time I am on headphones when I do my editing. I seldom need to play my work for more than a few people at a time. My position in the video production team is usually audio. At home, my MS20 monitors are used to give room sound to an audio production setup where I feed a keyboard into a multi-track digital recorder. It's nice to hear what I have done before I import it into the computer for further editing.                
Great connectivity, good looking speakers, crisp sound.

I use them connected to the optical out on my Apple TV 2 to replace the average sound from my bedroom TV

Also used with my computer and iPhone

Plenty of base and good value                
Optical in                
Good quality construction                
Sound is great except you cant turn the volume up past 1 without the speakers whistling and burping at high pitched squeeking and shaking.                
NA                
Easy.                
Replace immediately.                
These speakers (Behringer MS20) sound like someone with nasal speech who has just inhaled some helium. The sound was slightly less irritating with the BASS dialed to about 8 pm and the TREBLE to 9 pm. I received them yesterday, but they are going back ASAP.                
No complaint here. Good features with digital and analogue inputs and headphone out.                 
Straightforward, quite easy to use.                
Very low-quality drivers. Can't tell about the electronics. These don't seems to be designed like some of the more expensive "monitors" (no active crossover), which is expected at this price.                
Cheap, but don't deliver where it matters - the sound. In the end you get far less than what you paid for.                
Don't know.                
No, I don't want them.                
I am returning them right away.                
I was getting Some Monitors for my little home studio and heard great things about behringer. So I got some affordable monitors the MS20. I hooked up my Mp3 player and played a deep house song, I was impressed the Bass reproduction. And on a progg metal song I heard Some sounds Ive never hear on my $600 stereo.                 
I like the selection of inputs                
I set it up in about 60 seconds, Just push (power) and select the desired volume.

Simple                 
The Frame Is very solid and well constructed.                
YES ! for a hundred bucks this thing is probley the best for a little home studio.                 
never neded any                
Sounds are Incredably detailed and so simple and straight forward and packs more power then I thought.                 
Powerful and expressive monitors for my home computer audio studio. I connect to my Creative X-Fi sound card's digital out with a coaxial cable into the SPDIF jacks on the MS40s. I was blown away when I first listened. The response is amazing, from the lowest volume levels to pretty high power. I usually run my volume control about 1/3 with plenty of sound and headroom. It was the price that attracted me to these beauties but I cant imagine I would need anything bigger or pricier for my setup. If you want the best for your computer studio, get these amazing sounding monitors, and they look very cool too.                
I bought because of the digital input. I have used both analog and digital and to my ear there is little difference, but I like the idea of the digital input to eliminate any possibility of hum, etc. The bass and treble controls are fine, although I usually run them flat. The up front earphone connection is very handy when my wife goes to bed and I want to work. A very cool feature is that you can input both analog and digital signals, each with its own volume control, and mix them into one sound output. I suppose you could use the earphone out to take this mixed signal somewhere else. Haven't tried this.                
Very easy to set up and control. My biggest decision was which digital connection cable to use, coaxial or optical. I went with coaxial because of its simplicity and its good track record. From what I have read, optical isn't any better, certainly in this set-up.                
Solid, speakers are very well made, amp is flawless. Nice industrial look for your studio. I wouldn't take these on the road without a good case (to protect the exposed woofer.) The wood case it a plus. Black color fits in everywhere.
                
So much better than anything you will find at a computer store. Use them just for your computer speakers and you won't be sorry.                
Only on their website, which is very informative.                 
Love the look. Really adds a sense of serious music production to my home studio.                
These babies will last me for a long time. If I ever move up, I can still use them in so many ways.                
I think these speakers sound great!  They handle low and high range extremely well.  I mean for studio monitors, you don't want them to be pumping bass or sounding too tinny anyway.  You want them to be middle of the road so you can hear what the heck you're doing.  I think that these speakers give me a great idea as to what I'm doing sonically.                
Given the fact that there are so many options for connection, I think it should at least come with the basic cables for operation.  It didn't even come with the cable to connect the left & right speakers!!!! I was blown away!  All it came with was a power cord.  I had to call zZounds for a RCA speaker cord.                
Extremely easy to set up and use.  Lots of options as far as connectability; it should be possible for EVERYONE to use them with their setups.                
Extremely solid and looks great right out of the box.  You can tell it was put together by pros.  No loose knobs, switches or connections.  When bass is turned up, you can physically see the woofers expand and there's NO rattle or excessive vibration.  There is a little speaker hiss, but that's normal.  As far as my computer monitor is concerned, it's extremely close and it doesn't affect the speakers one iota.                
I think it's worth every penny, and with the free shipping you really can't go wrong.  I can't see needing anything else for a very long time!  Even if I do "upgrade", these will definately be used as a part of a future setup.                
I had to call and get a speaker wire the day that I received the speakers and they e-mailed me by that evening saying that one was being sent out.  That's my only experience thus far, but it's sure nice getting through to a person in about 1-2 minutes, especially one that isn't based in India!!!!!                
Very sexy setup.  They sit authoritatively on top of my studio desk and just beg to be used.  They want me to go all night, I say "sounds good" . . .                 
As I said above, as I continue to build my studio, these MS40's will definitely be a part of my future setups.  I can't see how they couldn't be.  I'm in love.  If I had to get replacement monitors, I'd stick with these as a replacement if they were damaged in a fire or stolen.  I wish I knew it didn't come with the speaker wire before I bought it and it would have saved me a trip to the store, but it was pretty minor.  I love the sound of them most of all.                  
This pair of NFM surprised me, I had to move from some old speakers to new monitors, I couldn't afford to change the disposition of my hi-fi speakers so I decided to buy a cheap but working pair of monitors.

These ones are really great for the money.

I mean, surely there is something better on the market, sweep test for bass frequences reveals a consistent drop around 50hz (but still moving cones at 20hz with no rattle) and some non linear behaviour, but overall the sound is really good at 50% volume and fits all your (basical) needs for monitoring a recording.

The stereo scene is really precise, I didn't need to emphasize bass or highs.                
best value for the price, I decided for them for the digital input, it's really a plus, no noise at all and really good quality on reproduction, even better than using the external soundcard on my mac and connecting it through RCA.

Surely an XLR connector could be a plus, but for my needs I loved the coax/optical input and was enough for me.

Bass/Treble controls are sensitives, good quality (as new) and nice finitures, looks really like a pro monitor.
                
Very simple, connected the two speakers, the digital in and the power plug and they were running.

I put all the controls at 50% (nice feature on the bass/treble knobs is the "middle" position) and did the first soundcheck and they were great.
                
These speakers LOOKS really good.

Overall they're made QUITE good, for a cheap product. Cones are in plastic but the rubber is soft and quick, knobs are well built and the overall looking seems solid and semi-pro.                
FOR THE MONEY, they're very very good.

I mean: it's useless in this product range making a comparison with the first reference speaker that costs twice and only for ONE speaker...

As a beginner speaker they give a good stereo scene reconstruction, a nice timbric representation and a good dynamic, used as monitors.

20W are perfect as a power for listening to you music at an adeguate level at a close distance, you cannot use for you home theater environment, but.. they're not made for this!
                
Not needed actually                
aesthetically they're great, looks sturdy and well finished, black is a classic for speaker and the white cone is a plus (even if in plastic).

I could ask for a green / blue led instead of the red one, but no more in this class :D                
Actually I'm totally satisfied by the product and for my need of home recording in Garageband it's quite enough.

I think I'd buy again if stolen.                
 These monitors sound rather muffled in the low frequencies. There is no distinct bass punch, just sort of a low bass wash. The mids and highs didn't seem that bad. I have had good experiences with Behringer and thought I'd try these out. Great price. Great looks. Sound just wasn't that great in the lows. Also, the left speaker would buzz/rattle at certain frequencies. I'm pretty sure the woofer was hitting something behind it as it flexed.                 
 There was a good amount of features for sure. Along with the name, great looks and a great price, there was 24 bit/192 kHz D/A converters, and optical and digital coaxial inputs. There was also rca and trs inputs, bass and treble knobs, and separate volume controls for analog and digital. One thing that did surprise me was the speaker cone. From the pictures I thought it was silver metal. It is actually white plastic.                
 In all honesty, I didn't find the bass and treble controls to be very effective or responsive. Maxing out the treble knob did not seem to alter the sound all that much. The bass knob increased the muddy rumble. Other than that, two thumbs up.                 
The craftsmanship seemed great. I noticed no blemishes. The cabinet definitely seemed sturdy. The only problem, other than the sound that didn't suit my tastes, was the buzz/rattle that came from the left speaker when I was monitoring keyboard. I'm sure it was just a defect and sent them back.                 
 I wished the sound quality of these speakers was better in the low ranges so I could get another pair and have some good looking, good sounding monitors from behringer for a nice price. But, I think I'm going to look for another pair.                
 I've owned a used behringer mixer for about 4 years and have had no problems with it. In this case, it was just a slight defect that zzounds took care of. I have never had to deal with Behringer's customer support, but like I said, my experiences with the company's products have been great.                 
Sound is just not quite tight. Everything else is pretty decent.                 
Good home monitors.  A little flat on sound, you have to use DFX software (example: Stereo Tool v8.40) combined with WinAmp.  Then the sound significantly improves.                
These monitors are fine for my application.  I did purchase them for the S/PDIF interface.  The higher end higher priced systems did not have that feathure.  Knowing that my output source would be S/PDIF,  and I mainly write guitar arrangements a good mid to hight range sound would work as long as there was no buzz from the monitors and these proved to be very quite.  If you are playing MP3's based on the nature of what they are you will note the sound is sub par and the low end muffeled                  
Well I bought it for the S/PDIF input feature, but other than that nothing specail.                
Very simple to use but, they should be user friendly                
The quality of the cab looks durable.  However I would never put any type of amplified speaker in danger.  They should last as long as they are not abused.                 
No doubt these are very inexpensive, so if you are into getting just sound for little moneies, this will work.                
Have had no reason to call but from some past exsperince, Behringer techs are honest about their products and will tell you whats up.                
This is just a part of my overall setup. I hope to upgrade from these                
I will keep them until they die but I will not replace with the same. At this price and knowing that Behringer products are not really that service friendly..when they die, they die.                
Worst sounding speakers I've ever tried to like. Their sound is muddy, and when the mud is scooped out their sound is thin. They take all the enjoyment out of listening to music. The only hope of hearing anything clearly is to turn the bass all the way down, as in off. The treble then needs to be dialed in somewhere between 0 and 5 depending on the musical content. Not sure what purpose these were intended for, but they didn't cut it as studio monitors, keyboard speakers, or desktop computer speakers. They do amplify sound in stereo. I'll leave it at that. Nothing against Behringer as a whole, but this is not one of their OK products.                
I love the sound. It gives awesome quality for less the buck. The low frequencies tend to rumble a little if you bump them too hard, but it gives you plenty of bass before it rumbles. Love them! Perfect for starter home studios.                
I love the look of it!                
AS i've read many places now, the sound is very airy. High end is totally jacked on these monitors. These are not a flat response to sound.                
No real features. Multiple ins i guess make it a 4, but the sound is bad enough that it doesn't matter at all.                
They're powered monitors. They're all easy to use.                
I honestly thought these would help me move up on controlling my sound output from the AKG K240 headphones i was using prior (and now am using again), but they have failed me.                
I suppose it's worth the price. I don't know what i was thinking spending so little. Maybe they are the best bang for your buck, but they haven't helped me at all.                
No idea, doesn't matter.                
They look nice. Sound awful.                
I was satisfied for about a week and a half.                
I bought these speakers because of reading all of these other reviews; giving behringer *one* more chance to provide anything quality and to add to my repotoir of speakers and setup. But the truth is, you have to be musicly deaf to not hear that these speakers are sub average and not worth the money, even if it is cheaper; you mise as well throw your money away. The constant airy sound on top of the recording makes you feel like you are in an air plane listening to a weak recording. At 20w a speaker, it sounds more like 10w a speaker. The treble EQ barely changes anything and the bass just make it more muffled. You are paying for the sexy looks of these speakers, but definately not the sound quality.                
It allows for bass and treble EQ on the main monitor and different options for output which allows a user to use these speakers for almost any reason.                 
If you are trying to adjust your mix and speaker gains (whether its on your board, computer or interface) to get good sound out fo these speakers, don't try. It will still sound airy.                 
It is well built, didn't have problems, Behringer knobs are known for being loose with static-prone pots. But it functioned well, just the sound quality was horrible.                
These speakers are the cheapest on the market, and understandably so. I guess for the price you are paying, you get for what you pay for. But in my opinion, still not worth the value for what you spend. My reccomendation is for you to hold out and spend your money on something else.                 
I didn't need support.                 
These speakers are dangerously sexy and therefore extremely very dissapointing. The only thing i liked about these speakers is the way they look. It reminds me of one of those pimped out civics -- all show, but no go!                 
You need to ask yourself what you are buying these speakers for. If you are buying these for close field music recording/mixing, don't bother unless you want a horrible mix and you will just get frustrated on not being able to hear clearly. Although they will make your setup more secy, If its for casual listening, why don't you just buy a low end surround sound system for what you are paying this for, it will be much clearer for casual listening. Regardless, its a waste of hard earned money in my opinion. Purchase something else!                
They look cool but sound like crap...... very buzzy and junky sounding. The headphone jack on mine was plugged and can't be accessed. A total waste of money.                
I've been doing some live on-site recording at several open mics for over a year and a half with a collection of separate splitters, but just reached a limit on how quickly I could adapt to different performers' configurations; and this unit, along with a couple 8x snakes, solved my problems for what I might have spent on just a couple more separate splitters. Behringer's choice of output labeling is unusual, but once you figure it out things are fine. Oh, and watch those Link buttons - easy to accidentally press when plugging in stuff in a hurry! (I have not used/needed Berhringer support.)                
For the price (and size), this little contraption has god-like sound quality.                 
It's a 4-channel mixer. If you've looked at the pictures, its pretty basic. 4 inputs, 4 volumes, 1 output.                
Plug and Go...how much easier does it get?                
Extremely sturdy casing, REAL METAL, not that BS plastic crap. As stated in another review, the knobs would be the first to go, but I opened it up and looked at the circuitboard...they're pretty well anchored in there.                
I have a USB interface for recording, and I bought this for drum mics, and it really does what I bought it for. Once you get up above 5 channels, the prices skyrocket with added features that I'd never need (thanks to Adobe Audition), so this is precisely what I looked for.                
Our bassist has a Behringer Bass Amp, and that thing (literally) rattles the house we play in. Behringer is one of the few companies that make legitimately quality products for the right price. Good Job Behringer!                
Rugged, streamline, simple. It's not as big as it looks. its about the size of 2 cell phones stacked on top of each other, so people who like compact devices, get one. Oh, and...this thing is SEXAAAY!                
Reliable, consistent functionality for cheap. Isn't that what business competition is all about? It might not have built-in EQ or effects or all those, but I do that on our band's PC, so all I needed was something to mix the drums right without having to record 4 separate tracks. If all you need is something small to say, bring a singer's voice over a screamer's, and into only one PA Amp, this would work. $30 is pretty much a bargain for this, I've seen 2-channel mixers over 5x the price, and they're bulkier too. So if you just need a simple mixing solution, this is the way to go.                
I have a nice amp but it only has 1 input and I usually play with another guitar or two and a singer. This little box solves everything for me. I can put any combination of instruments and mics into this and have it work everytime. One really big amp is all that's really needed in most of the places I play. (beaches, backyards, small houses....) The thing is tough too. I was run over once and still kept on going.It's not waterproof though. I lost channel 1 because it got dunked in a kiddie pool. For sure I'm going to get another on to replace it                
Clean, accurate, transparent... all the things you want in a mixer.                
Not many features - four volume knobs, that's pretty much it! But that's exactly what I wanted.                
Good knob design makes the settings easily visible, and smooth controls makes this a simple and easy mixer                
Rugged case gives me no worries. I suppose the knobs might break if I abused this little box, but I'm not worried about tossing it into a case with foot pedals and the like.                
Outstanding value. Just as simple as I want, for a VERY reasonable price.                
(no experience)                
I'm a mobile DJ and needed to have 2 (or more) mics to go through my controller, but it only has one mic input. This little box allowed my to hook up my corded mic for myself and a wireless mic (for audience members) and be able to control them through the one input. EXACTLY what I need. And the price was PERFECT. Everything else I was looking at was $60-$100. (those items did more functions, but I needed something simple). Hooked it up, tested it and it works just like I needed. Great to have individual channel volumes too!                
I am a motorcyclist.  I have three imput devices that I need to listen to through one set of ear buds.  The imput is from a radar detector, xm radio, and cb radio.  I do not have nor need a gps, but if I did, I could listen to it through the MX 400.  The quality of the music from the xm reciever is excellent.                
Being abble to control the volume of each input device, allows me to control which device to have "on top".  At times the radar detector "reports" the presence of McDonalds or a Micro Wave tower.  The Micro Wave tower can cause the radar detector to go off for minutes at a time and it can be truned down while maintaining the music at appropricat levels.                
Plug the devices in and go.                
The device seems indistructable.  I went on an 11,000 mile trip and the MX 400 never gave me a problem.  I whish I could say the same about the devices I connected to the MX 400.                
I have seen other multi imput single output devices used by Motorcyclists that cost 5 times as much and only had one main volume control.                
Haven't needed any.                
I will never regret the purchase of the MX 400 and continue to use it to listen to FM radio and the radar detector at the same time.                
I bought these without hearing them first, based on the surprisingly low price, and good reviews of other Behringer models, and I am bowled over! They are the primary speakers in my home entertainment system, replacing some rather bulky floor standing speakers which were getting tired. As soon as I fired them up I was grinning like a fool. Very detailed and punchy, they breathed new life into audio CDs and movies alike. I have them connected via XLR cables to my Emotiva digital processor/preamp and they are happy to flatten my whole living room with sound when cranked! Way better than a $400 pair of speakers should be, and the adjustments are easy to use and fine tune. You won't be disappointed.                
One word 'WOW'!  I use this for my mobile system for deejaying events and it added that extra punch. Just what I needed, crisp sound and nice build quality! The price for this you can't beat! I definitely recommend this product.                 
Awesome little mixer. I bought this to expand my power amp options down the road; was pleasantly surprised that this mixer has breathed new life into my stereo system and double its sound quality all for $89.95.                 
Very nice easy setup gets the job done.                
I use a wall wart to power my pedals (9 of them) I added the noise reducer to knock out the non isolated hum from my pedals and it works wonders. It has a complete mute setting that totally kills the signal or a reducer setting ( that I use) . People complain about Behringer pedals dying from being stomped on too much, but you wont have to worry about that with this one. You'll always want this pedal on. I use it in line with some notoriously noisy effects including the Mxr Blue Box, Phase 90, a ZVEX Box of Rock, A EHX LPB-1, and a Big Muff. This is a true value. If you're killing buzz on a budget this pedal is for you. It is also AMAZING compared to the Rocktron Hush. The hush humed and buzzed like crazy so I returned it and got this pedal.                 
This is the 3rd noise gate - 3rd company I have tried.

All were quickly returned, except this one.

The NR300 works as advertised.

Does not kill your tone.

Being able to run the insturment in and then all the effects into this pedal before going into the amp via different inputs is great.

It removed all the noise from the pedals as well as pickup noise.

I used a disgram from another brand to see the best/quickest way to set this up. This works like a pedal costing $100.00 more.

With ZZSounds return policy you have nothing to lose.                
Great pedal and inexpensive.

Always on now that I own it.                
Controles are as simple as they come.                
Looks great, bright indicator lights,                
Works as advertised.

The only one I have not sent back.

$100.00 saved over a bigger brand name.                
No need.                
Looks great.

The Blue and Red indicators are easily seen.                
This is a keeper.                
Normally you get what you pay for, but this is a steal.  It takes a little tweaking, but this definitely takes the hiss out of my pedals.  I am amazed at the price and how good a job this pedal does.                
Just got this and hooked it up to my pedal board. It immediately took out the hum of a single coil. That is what I wanted it for, it can be tweaked to eliminate all kinds of noise & hum.                 
I bought this pedal and it sounded terrible.  I was going to throw it away, when a buddy looked at it for me.  He found one of the wires coming from the battery (the positive) barely connected.  once fixed, it is awesome.                
this is the worst thing I have ever spent money on. I have tinkered with this paperweight for hours and it sounds terrible.                
Great power distribution hub. We have 3 of these at our church now and they've been working flawlessly for several months. Great product for the price.                
Our church now has eleven P16-M Personal Mixers. When connected to our Behringer X32 Mixer via the P16-D distribution module, no external power is needed. It is provided over the Ethernet connection. The price and functionality can't be beat.                
Sound doesn't apply to a pedalboard, but it does the job to augment your sound, so I give it a 10 by default.                   
I liked the included AC adapter and chain to save you money on powering the pedals.  I also liked the way everything was neatly put together, but if you have odd shaped pedals, you'll have to find a way to make things fit and that can be somewhat of a nightmare.  I would have also liked it if they had included velcro tape to make everything stay in place.                  
It's simple to put down and start making your chain.  Even if you have to move pedals around, it doesn't take much to set it in a new location.                  
It is a cheaper pedalboard made of hard plastic so don't expect this thing to take 20 foot drops. That being said, it does keep your stuff protected when closed and even though it won't take much in terms of pressure, falls, or physical force it will at the very least keep your stuff together, organized, and safe from the elements.                   
Well worth the price tag, a good buy if you're looking for a pedal board that won't break the bank.                  
This area is non applicable since I haven't had a need to contact them.                  
It is a nice looking pedalboard even though it has giant BEHRINGER logo etched on the outside.  That isn't to say Behringer is a bad company, but it would have looked better with something more subtle.                  
I plan to keep this until I either run out of room or have the money for a professional quality true bypass Pedalboard.  Till then, this will serve me well for the weekend gigs and anything else I play.                  
I bought this pedalboard case in order to simplify my set ups. This case enables me to show up to my gig, connect my bass to it, connect power, connect the amp, and done. When it's time to go, just reverse the order, pop the lid back on, and byebye! The case itself is a hard plastic material, which appears durable but only a few months down the road will tell for sure. The case is lined with foam padding on the lid, and a dense foam material on the base side. I removed the thumb screws (loved that it has thumb screws for everything) and removed the foam cut outs, then lined the remaining pads with double sided tape so they'd stay in place without the screws.  I then threw down a couple strips of velcro and I magically had a pedalboard case that could suit my needs. For the price, it's really difficult to beat all that this pedalboard case is and what comes with it.
Now the stuff I really like about this pedalboard case. I really like that it comes with enough patch cables to set up 12 pedals. I also really like that it comes with a built in power supply unit capable of supporting 12 pedals via daisy chain. Lastly but most importantly I also like that it has these ports built into it so that I can set up my pedals and have it ready for a show without having to do anything else other than hooking up my bass to it, hooking up the power adapter, and hooking up the amp.
The one con which I accepted was how large it is. When I bought it I was under the impression it was smaller. The pro to this is that even though the image shows 12 pedals, you have a lot of real estate an enough room to stick up 20 pedals easily!                
Love it-perfect for boss pedals. I have also managed to fit a small Wah pedal in one of the slots by cuttin the foam a bit-not a rocket since..the included patch cords are ok but I did replace them to a pro level cables. The ac adapter has been been upgraded to a GODLIKE 2.5 Amp-quiet!This is a Very sturdy case that will protect your beloved pedals. The latches are prone to break so treat them gently without bumping them into a hard matter. Overall-well worth it!                
I have had this Board for about 3 months now and still use it! Its an amazing board COMPLETELY CUSTOMIZABLE! made of super strong grade plastic and was crafted very well.  The only problems I had with this board was the daisy chain and patch cables that came with the board were complete trash.  Caused constant humming and buzzing (ground looping).  However, i upgraded my power supply to a one-spot daisy chain and bought brand new patch cables and this pedal board is wonderful! I gig 4-5 times a week and this is my main board and it has held up wonderfully! I have heard stories about the latches breaking however i have not had an issue with them yet.  Overall great board just upgrade the power supply and patch cables!                 
Used for keyboards and the only trouble was I had to get a 12 volt power supply for the fcv100 there's two of them one for organ one for synth

chazo

vegas                
the sections had to remove two because of the size of the volume pedels                
work's great                
It is plactic                
yes                
It came from zz sounds no problem's                
keep my stuff in place and iks easy to change around                
I may get another one for bass but i don't need that much room. PB600?                
I have a mixer that is constantly needing to be fixed.Haven't had that problem with other brands before?                
not under warr.                
Your sound depends on the settings of your pedals.  My guitar can sound as it's in a small room or a big hall.  Depends on how my pedals are set, and how I chain them.  I use Digitech pedals: Reverb, chorus, delay, flange, Ibanez tube screamer, Korg tuner.  The daisy chain also leaves an extra input for my Cry Baby.  How full the sound gets depends on how you tweak your pedals 

The power supply is invaluable.  You would be going to the store non-stop for batteries.  

Stomp boxes eat batteries like my kids eat cereal.                 
The PB600 is much easier than the PB1000 I bought.  The PB1000 was set up backwards.                
The unit is simple to operate. Remember though, pedal sizes vary.  The foam in the PB600 is designed for Behringer pedals.  As I said, I have Digitech pedals. I used an X-acto knife to fit them in tightly(took 10 minutes).  The foam is screwed in so you can easily remove it to meet your needs.  Close it up until the next time you're ready to play.                
Whether you are active, hobbyist, or undecided, you should have one these.   It will organize your gear on-stage, get the boxes out of your wife's way or make you sell that guitar you got for Christmas.                
Should have called them on the PB1000                
Black resin didn't seem sexy to me this morning, and still isn't.                
I'll use it until I, or someone I know, decides the piece of equipment  isn't important.  So, it will be a long time.                
I play a Carvin guitar, currently through five pedals, into a Vox VT+ series amplifier. I notice no degradation in sound quality, hiss, noise, hum or other interference.                
Rubber footed "base" keeps board from sliding on most surfaces. Interior areas are expandable to include larger wah pedals, or custom sized pedals if needed. You will need to remove / add foam or inserts to secure larger or smaller pedals. Also, nothing moves once the case is closed and sliders are locked. Nice tight fit around pedals and components, travels well.                
Case packs up quick, keeps everything neat and does not take up that much of a footprint in small clubs or limited spaces.                
As an adult gigging guitar player, playing about two shows a month, I can not think of a way you could damage this board. Something not mentioned often is how the board "looks" professionally. I do not mean the Behringer name (which I have no issue with) but as a performer getting paid for a gig or function. The board presents a clean, uniform look for your effects, and keeps all of the wires and "spaghetti" cleaned up and pro looking. I watched countless videos about building your own pedal board, with drywall screws, velcro tape, cords and lights everywhere and at the end it weighs 50 pounds, looks like a soap box race car without wheels and costs twice as much. Guitar projects are great, and a lot of fun. I wish I had the abilities of the guys who can build and wire their own boards. I don't. This is a great alternative, and presents a nice image if your in a church band, function band, or night club.                
Yes. I viewed it this way:Board: $50Adapter and Daisy Chain: $25.00Shipping: $25.00This board arrived in a large, professionally packed box.                
I have not dealt with Behringer. I have interacted with zzounds on several occasions, all positive.                
The board is lightweight, has a solid feel and construction and fits six Behringer, or Boss shaped pedals with no modification to interior foam. Power supply, daisy chain, patch cables, free shipping? Great deal.                
This pedal board came out of the box ready to use and with patch cables and power for 7 effects. It took me less than 30 minutes to make my pedal board ready to play. Foam is already cut for Behringer or Boss sized effects. But can be easily sized for larger or smaller sized effects.                 
I wanted to put a pedal board together and on a budget. So budget and Behringer go together always. You can tell that a lot of thought went in to this product. This is an all in one pedal board that comes complete with everything you need to start your chain. The coolest thing about this is that it is already pre-wired for you. You plug into the board and not into the pedals themselves. There is also a area for you to hide your daisy chain for power making this a very clean looking area. While I don't use a waw pedal you can even make an area for that. There is also 6 jumper cables for your six pedals. All in all this is like all Behringer products a good dollar value with lots of features. I was able to buy this pedal board and 6 Behringer pedals and got away for under $250.00.                 
Purchased this from zZounds.  Received it in two days in California.
The board is wonderful.  I have all Boss & Behringer effects and they fit perfectly in the box.  The wire management is quite good and everything is really neat when installed properly.  I no longer have effects boxes sliding around the floor.  It's the best $99 I've spent in a long time.  The power supply is quiet and adds no Power Line artifacts to my audio guitar signal.  At 170 MA it's very suitable for a six position pedal board.
This pedalboard is so good for the money                 
Not a sound producing item                
Includes the power adaptors and patch cables.  Would like velcro also, but that's easy to find locally.                
Pretty intuative.  Arrange your pedals, plug them up and secure the loose cables in the track.  Makes for a neat, relatively uncluttered apearance.  Close it up, and carry it like a suitcase.                
Great board.  Patch cables are entry level, but work fine.                
Including the power adapter and patch cables make this a great value.                
Have not dealt with manufacturer.                
Probably not as cool as a custom one or some of the other, more expensive ones, but I can't play that well anyway.                
I have purchased(2) of these Behringer PMP1680S Powered Mixers since January of this year, and "I Really Love Them"...I run a Karaoke and Dj service that has gigs 4 nights a week(each show is around 5 hours in length) and Im a musician in a gigging band 1 night on the weekend, so I really give these 2 Powered Mixers a workout, and they have performed Flawlessly! This thing really puts out some power and it sounds great..This amp is very light weight, has very quiet Mic Outs, has built in eq's,dual effects, is rack mountable, and Sounds better and has More Power than a lot of the "High Dollar" Brands out there at about half the cost! I am able to do everything from running sound for my 5 piece Blues Band (4 mics,Keys,laptop,monitors,mains) to Djing/Karaoke (4 mics, laptop,mains, subs,and monitor for karaoke)..This thing has met my expectations and more, Its a compact solution for someone like my self who loves to Play/Make Music but hates to lug around huge racks of gear for gigs..This thing sounds great, and the Price is Phenomenal!!!Zzounds has given me great service, and fast delivery on every purchase that i have made from them, and they will beat a competitors price if you find it cheaper at another online music store! Thats why i wont buy music gear from anyone but Zzounds..                
I LOVE BEHRINGER! I wish they would endorse me!! 

I recently purchased the Behringer EUROPOWER PMP1680S 1600-Watt 10-Channel Powered Mixer with Dual Multi-FX Processor and FBQ Feedback Detection System, and I can't tell you how much I LOVE this unit!

I talked to U.S. South East. reps at Behringer before I made my purchase and told them how much I would promote this company if it was everything they said it was. They did not disappoint. I am a veteran musician and have shared the stage with many Multi-Platinum Hard Rock and Alternative bands from Blue Oyster Cult to Collective Soul, so I know what I am talking about when it comes to sound and quality. 

Here is what I found, comparing this unit while performing with my 3 piece acoustic band, and mind you, we don't have a live drummer. 

These comparable systems, which are much more expensive, I either own or have used. 

The Yamaha 1200 watt unit, I own,  has 2 matched mains and monitors, and clips like mad when trying to push it for more volume. During an outside performance, my former sound man, who was there with his gear, insisted tethering off our main out, to his gear, because we weren't being heard well about 100' out. He broke out his Behringer 1200W amp and 2 Behringer 15" mains between our 1st & 2nd set. 

This would be my first encounter with this company's equipment and I was so blown away by the sound quality difference, that it got me seriously looking at Behringer. Thanks Butch! You ROCK! 

Mackie's 1200 watt unit, which I did not get to push, as it was inside gig and not mine, performed well but had "powered" matched mains and 12" wedges, which if you have a few grand laying around, sure you can have something that sounds like that, but it still only had one effect processor and not as many bells and whistles as the Behringer, even though it's highly regarded as industry standard.

Now for the Behringer: WOW!! But first,  A BIG shout out to Zzounds.com, from where I made my purchase!! Every struggling artist who wants pro gear, but does not have the bulk cash to buy it, needs to know about this site and their (Pay as you Play) NO INTEREST policy, using your debit card. Look into it if you haven't already! I LOVE this store, and they will beat any advertised site on the net. I've tried it and they came through. SUPER fast "FREE" ground shipping too!! 1 to 3 days! AWESOME!!! www.Zzounds.com 

OK back to my review: I wanted to see JUST how much I could push this unit, as it comes with a 30 day FULL money back warranty from Zzound, SO during a large event, I hooked this bad boy to a pair of Mackie 15" S500 passive mains, a set of 12" 500W passive mains and a set of Carvin 15" wedges, cranked it about 1/2 way and HOLY S#@% was it AWESOME! 4 hour show and not one clip or problem from this great little unit. 

This performance was at the Brookhaven Amphitheater at Bald Hill on Long Island, N.Y. and I can't begin to tell you, the clear, warm and LOUD, sound was just amazing!! We received so many compliments on how good it sounded from 40 to hundreds of feet away! ALL for UNDER $500!? They even threw in a free set of 25' ""SPEAKON" cables!   

Oh yeah, I'm a fan, now if I can only get that endorsement deal.......

Check out our orig / cover band, Mojo Wire, at www.MojoWireRocks.com or just take a listen to my 1st release "Save Me" from my upcoming album " The Darker Side of Light" right here on Indaba! 

Thanks!!

Bryan Clay

Singer/Songwriter/Composer                
Haven't needed yet                
I play acoustic/electric and I feel the sound is a bit too "electric like" when playing with direct input.  But, mic-ing my acoustic amp produces an excellent sound.                
I wish it had a direct out for digital data, and also more effect processors with ability to switch around on the fly.  I know these changes would increase the price.                 
I barely had to look at the manual.                
Very well thought out design.                
Haven't needed any.                
Highly recommended                
Highly recommended                
I just bought the behringer 1680 power mixer and love it. It has GREAT power and works great for outside shows. When its time to upgrade it will be another behringer thats all i i have ever owned.  
I like the Fx it has                
Great! I set it just like i had my old behringer set and no need to change anything just tweek it here and there if needed                
Light To Carry And Never Worry About It Letting Me Down.                 
Compared to other brands the quality is well worth the price. Ive uses pevey in the past and this 1680 will perform as well or better for less money.                
Zzounds is Great And Answer any ? you Have                
it looks attractive.                
When behringer up grades the 1680 to something equal to it i will replace it.                  
Pleased with it in every way shape and form. Put it to the test in a live 5 piece band. Never had a worry with it. Can't beat the sound, the price, the look and all the features it has. Would recommend this to all looking for quality Pa system. Rock On my friends                
Cant go wrong with this mixer! Good power. The effects are second to none. Our drums sound killer mic'ed into this along with bass and guitar. Has enough headroom for our singer to shine!                
Great sound no feed back I would recommend  this product more bang for the buck best value..                
Fantastic for small medium venues.  Voice cancellation works to remove 90% of vocals.  Powerful output too.  I use out puts to a monitor amp for on stage monitoring.  All works flawlessly.  Much light to carry as well.                
Does what ever you ask and then some. Easy to work with and very quiet. I had a bit of a humming noise when hooked up to my laptop. Installed a ground effects isolator and now it's perfect. Great for small or medium sized rooms. No cons so far.                
I bought a Berringer 1680s 3 yrs ago and it was an awesome mixer. Performed extremely well. Sadly to say, it got fried during a lightning storm. I got a replacement and it worked very well. My wife was using the replacement mixer when the sound went out and all the lights started flashing. I called the co. and they told me the unit was not covered under the warranty because the warranty was covered under the 1st unit that was fried. I had this unit only 7months and no warranty on it. NOT acceptable. I believe that any new unit should have the warranty upon the date you purchased it regardless if it is a replacement or not.....it is still "supposed" to be new. I am not pleased with the Co. policy for this unit.                
I recently purchased another Beringer PMP1680s Powered Mixer from Zzounds ...I already own one of these,  but, I liked it so much that I decided to buy another one for my other(2nd) Karaoke/DJ system...The 1680s sounds great, has cool features( eq, dual effects, feedback locator, 10 channels, and very quiet Mic Outs) ..I use my 1680s every weekend for my Karaoke/DJ Show, I t has worked Flawlessly! I have received several compliments on my sound from patrons at the Club where I play..I am really pleased with this Powered Mixer, lots of power and options at a great price, what's not to like, and Zzounds service and delivery is fantastic...                
I recently got my Beringer PMP 1680S Powered Mixer that I had ordered from Zounds..It sounds fantastic and has lots of features (Dual Effects) it is simple to set up and use and the new design is lighter and it looks pretty cool also..Compared to my last 2 powered mixers( Peavey  and Yamaha) this thing sounds better, has more power and is a real bargain..Zzounds is just an Awesome Online Music Store, I found a cheaper price at a competitor, and Zzounds beat it, and I received my Mixer in 4 days from time of order, with free shipping..I won't shop anywhere else, great service, fast delivery!                 
The Behringer PMP1680S Powered Mixer is a piece of junk.  I had it for two months and it stopped working.  Don'y waste your time and hard earned money on this product!                
Received this unit and Power a massive Peavey Speaker Array, in a 40 by 80 garage. Clean, crisp power with awesome effects. Hook your phone or ipad dial your favorite songs, sit back ad relax. Have miked the lead guitar, base, drums, and B3 up - blown it through the Peavey array with 4 vocal mikes - the Behringer PMP2000 brought it!!!                
I paired this with a pair of Peavey PV215  speakers and I've only setup in my basement for four piece classic rock band. I planned on using mainly as a practice P.A. so we could leave the gigging P.A. packed until needed as it is alot of work setting up and tearing down. First off setup and dialing this system in is very easy and fast. I found a clear sound with more than enough bottom for our needs . There's enough inputs for bass , guitar , drums and three vocals. I'm sure that this very small system could cover most bars we will book. I'm surprised that this setup isn't shown as a pre-packaged system . My initial thoughts are this unit is a home run for us , time will tell how durable it is but so far clean , powerful and easy sums it up.                
It is A Awesome  MIXER/BRAIN. very powerful, and the pay as you go plan is awesome too, i have had only one product damaged and the return policy is super easy,  i have used zZounds For Years and will continue to use them also.. do not hesitate on buying this mixer it is worth every penny you spend on it.. Buy it..                 
I like the power and and the simplicity . I use with a pair of PV 215 speakers and i feel the sound I get is great . My intention when i bought it was to keep it in my jam room and be able to have practices and or jams / parties and for this it's more than i need. I play cd's and my smart phone through it and it's awesome to practice on my own with. I don't intend on taking it in and out of my basement ,( speakers are kinda heavy ) it's a luxury for me . I'm sure it would be fine in most places I would play . I have only had it about 6 months but no issues . I'm happy for the money and I want to thank zZounds for the pay as you play program .                
Downsized from all the amps mixers ect bought this unit and a pair of Peavey Speakers and wow Talk about a match made from heaven. and yes there is a monitor out On back left side becomes monitor and right side is the mains                   
Before buying this unit be aware that there are no monitor outputs on this unit even though there is a separate EQ section for monitors and a separate monitor volume level for each channel. It's fine as a straight mixer with the 2 main outputs but I expected a separate monitor out especially since it has all the controls for it. I called Behringer and asked them how to hook up the monitors and they said it's not possible. Major disappointment in this design of this mixer and am returning it for one that has the outputs that match the controls.                
2 years on straight and still works for bar application controlling live sound satellite radio and internet jukebox. people have told me don't buy this brand it will break. NOPE after leaving it on for 2 years straight im waiting lol. i'm buying a backup as we speak so when this one does decided to take a break, the new one will go into service while the other one is on temporary vacation.                
I got this to DJ/KJ at several bars and clubs and private gigs all over the east coast. I got it to replace a Samson 500 Watt mixer. I use a pair of Yamaha club series and a pair of Sound Tech with 15" and horns. I also run an iNuke 6000d on a pair of MTX 12" subs... The Samson always ran out of power but this one... WOW... It's not as clean as the Samson, but it is TONS more power. It is def. clean enough, and I have DJed places lately that have taken bands off the schedule every night I can take, all because of how I sound, and rock the house. I DO run an external EQ because the on board is just not enough for me but that is all... The effects are good too...                
This Power Mixer soudns Fantastic for the DJ on the go and works great in the studio as well,                 
Could use an USB in/output                
I would by another for sure.                
I am satisfied with my Behringer mixing board. Great sound, nicely portable with built in handle, 100 fx presets, built in voice canceler for vocal practice and karaoke. Now this is my first board so I don't have a lot of experience, however , I was so excited when I got it, already had mics, speakers, stands, instruments etc. first thing I did was rip it open and set it up. But to my surprise the speaker outputs were neither 1/4 inch jacks or low impedance jacks so I grabbed the phone and called a few different music stores before I called Guitar Center who had adapters for $20 a piece. So I had to jump in the car and drive half An hour to buy them then half an hour back. Now for the most part the board works like most but there are a few advanced gadgets. Have fun looking in the Manual for any assistance because it would be better used as toilet paper! Sure there are diagrams on how to hook it up a few different ways but not much more. In fact there are 25 titled fx presets printed right on the board but god forbid they could have listed the other 75 in the Manuel!
Don't get me wrong, once you learn and memorize the features of the board it's an excellent piece of equipment. I am curious as to why you have to practical max out the main and channel volumes to get where you need to be.                
More than pleased, run a karaoke show and I can make em sound like rock stars, amp pushes 4 15" speakers with ease, and can make the windows shake, sound much better than the self powered set-ups                
top notch mixer for all needs                
As described. No issues. Works great. A perfect mixer for DJ, light ensemble, karaoke. Plenty of power.                
I have a Mackie PPM1012 and bought this as a second mixer. It is a decent mixer. Power is good, sound is good and I am able to work with it just fine. Better signal lights would be nice, and a lamp would be great. The Speak-On plugs are nice but a pain at the same time. I still prefer my Mackie over this but for the money it is a decent mixer and have no problem recommending it to people, but would say it is better if you have some experience.                 
Good quality, size and mixer power rating was listed in product description.                
Overall a decent bag. Would be nice if they included some dense foam to take up space to keep mixer from moving around.                
I am not going to go into a huge review on this mixer. But I am a fan of Behringer products. Own this mixer and very nice Bass amp. This mixer is very nice.
1. Controls are very smooth and not touchy.
2. Learning curve is great. I was not looking for a over complicated mixer and this one is great.
3. Sound is very crisp and clear of ANY noise. I have not even had to use the noise cancellation thing at all.
4. Effects have great options to adjust all of them to your liking.
5. Unit is very compact but extremely high quality. 
6. This is for my studio I have not played out with it yet. But it would make your ears bleed in the studio.
zZounds:
Their payment plans are excellent. They are by far in the lead with this simple concept. I did the 4 month plan and this was at my house in 2 days. This was my first purchase with them and I will do more. Great job guys...                
I was worried that the PMP500 may not drive the sound needed for my 5-6 pcs R&B, Blues band. No worries, the band loved it, the 250 cap house loved it. Great for tight set ups.                 
When it arrived, I took it to the church and unboxed it.  It was very easy to set up!  Very powerful and really clean sound. There were no problems getting it to go.  And I mean GO! Pure, clean power, easy to use and compact!  It even has a handle for easy movement!                  
its been a long time since I've used a mixer and tho it's self explanatory honing in everything is a bit touchy but I really like it                 
I really should have known better. I have dealt with Behringer products over the years and knew they were incredibly unreliable but, I have seen the reviews steadily getting better and better over the years and thought maybe they had improved. Well, I was wrong.
The digital effects sounded terrible and the entire mixer started going out after less than two weeks. No more Behringer for this guy.
zZounds on the other hand, is awesome!                
After eight months the Aux In level control doesn't work. Now, one month after the warranty expired the Main Mix level controls are going fast. Time to get out the duct tape and hope for the best. I'll buy the QSC GX5 and a dedicated mixer, because I know better now.                
This little mixer is great for Karaoke or if your trio needs small mixer. The send to powered speakers is so clean and the power out to speakers works great for monitors. mp3 player works great too.Sound is clean out of this little mixer.                
Love this small mixer, it is light weight with a small form factor but still has plenty power. The class D amp is very cool and high temp is not an issue. It is great for my dj gigs in small venues.                
Sounds great and is easy to use.  The feedback reduction system actually works quite well. I was pleasantly surprised.
It is a nice amp.  Time will tell if it lasts as long as my old 25 year old Peavey.  For 550 watts, it does not sound as loud as I expected, but it seems to stay clear even at higher settings.  Overall a nice piece of equipment.
I've bought and used many Behringer products throughout the years and have never been disappointed. The little guy is a beast! It pushes my JBL 12" floor monitors with plenty of headroom. The effects are excellent although I only use plate reverb. No phantom power but so what. It does have a wireless microphone adapter built in which I could see useful for MC work. It should easily cost double what I paid and it's so light and compact it will fit anywhere including the top of my guitar amp. Excellent choice for rehearsals, and small crowds.                
This was exactly what I needed for smaller gigs where my 18 channel Behringer unit was excessive and I didn't need all of those inputs.                
I am an avid karaoke singer that has always wanted equipment that a professional could use. This unit filled the bill It's powerful, versatile, and has a clean clear crisp sound from highs to lows. For the price, it's the best thing I've found after exhaustive searches and reading many reviews here and elsewhere. You can't go wrong...Pro or amateur.
I have not needed Manufacturer support, but it's required to rate it, so I gave it a 5 star rating just knowing they are a top rated company.                
Received the mixer in just four days. Great shipping.Have used it twice and it performed great. Have only turned it up about half way. It has a plenty of headroom. It does great with my two  15 inch JBL's.  Thanks to ZZOUNDS  and Behringer.  Lynn Huneycutt  Albemarle North Carolina                
Myself and all the guys who I jam with love the new mixer. It is very easy to use and has a great sound.                
For the money, this is unbeatable! I have played professionally for nearly 30 years, owned nearly every piece of sound equipment you could have through the years. If you are tired of hauling racks of heavy and far more expensive gear to do a small gig, or a rehearsal, this mixer is for you ...........and me! Very happy with this unit. No it doesn't sound like a million bucks, but if you know anything about sound, or have a good ear, it will do the job. Then you can keep the other $999,700.oo in your pocket                
I've owned several Behringer mixers, the only reason I've sold them is I keep current with their gear. The first two mixers are still being used around town. This mixer is the best bang for the buck I've ever seen. It's powerful, light, very sophisticated for the price. It actually kicks butt on all the other mixers twice the price. 
Now a word about the reviewer who gave this one star. It really irritates me that people who hate Behringer go around and write fictitious reviews on equipment they don't even own. If you read the reviews you can figure out they're lying. Some people just hate Behringer and for no good reason. Don't listen to their baloney, they are liars and don't add to the reviews in any way.                
Been playing professional since 1989. For a small gig or rehearsal this will do the job. Wish someone made equipment like this when I was young and spent $2k to do the same job as this unit.                
Sound was never great, woefully underpowered, and now 2 separate failures in a little over a year (the 2nd one is not being covered, boo!) and you only get 3 year warranty if you register within 90 days. Don't. Just don't. :(                
The Preamps on this unit are fantastic. They are clean and give alot of headroom. Being the singer, It's important to  me for the words to get across in live situations. For fun, we hooked this up and recorded live, just some musical ideas. Put a mic in front of each guitar cabinet and vocal. The PFL button. (pre fader level) helped me achieve a very clean sound without clipping. The effects are useable, it will take a little bit of time to dial in the effects for your situation.                 
This thing is full of features. If you dont like the built in effects, you can run outboard effects. The Overall EQ is decent. No it is not a 32 band eq. It's 7. It's enough to dial in a better overall sound. The Stereo imaging feature was very nice. Also love that this unit has the behringer speaker processor. In case youre mains can't handle lows very well. Feedback kill function works mice as well.                 
Well, great sound is all in the listener's ears. It didnt' take me much time at all. Read the manual, then hook it up. I ran 2 mains in stereo at 8ohms. This was loud enough to compete with a drummer, 2 guitar players and a bass player. For drums, either get another small board, or run 3 mics. 2 overhead, one of the kick. The sound from this thing was just unreal. Very good.                 
Product seems well built. no blemishes, cosmetics are ok. I plan on using this on the road...but a case is something I need to invest in.                 
For the price range, this is the most xlr inputs I could find. I needed a power amp or a powered mixer. This this fits my needs well. After shopping for several months, I decided on this unit. It allows the opportunity to grow as money and maturity allow. (you can add another power amp, you can add outboard effects or eq. It even has an out for a sub, with a built in limiter.  I would have liked to see the build in compressor in this unit, but it has a lot of features that are useable. Took no time in getting used to the layout.                  
haven't contacted them.                 
It looks decent. Sex appeal...well if red and orange get you off you're gonna love it. Sitting in our rehersal space, yes it is pretty impressive.                
This thing should last a long time. It's class d amp technology, I don't understand how it works, but it does. This machine ran for 10 hours straight and stayed cool to the touch. fans are quiet. the standby button is a very nice feature. (kills sound to all channels) I love this thing. If you can't get a good sound with it, then you don't know what you're doing. 

I would buy it again if stolen. Behringer gets a bad rap, while it is true thier earlier stuff had some quality control issues, this is the second piece of gear I have bought from them, and it works very well.                 
I am impressed! We use about 13 of the channels for vocals,keyboard and pedal steel. So far, the EQ on the individual channels has been all we've needed. I leave the Graphic EQ set flat. Never been able to do that before. There is lots of output. My speakers are old 8ohm cabs and there is still lots of volume. I use one channel for mains and the other for monitors and it works great. We play a very diverse range of music and I'm pleased to say that this board seems to cover it all well.                
There just seems to be all the buttons and knobs that are necessary for all we would need. I was worried when I read some reviews about the on-board effects. So far, I'm finding everything we need. I'm pleased to say that it all works well.                
The layout is staight-forward and the colors used to separate the different sends are easy to see but not obnoxious. I really like the switch for going from mono to left-right channels and the speaker matching feature is cool.                
This is the second piece of Behringer gear I own. It was perfect out of the box. All the knobs and controls feel solid and the same. No changes from one channel to another,etc. I've pushed it pretty hard so far and it still works. I hope it lasts a long time as it does what I expect out of it.                
The 700watt power amp that I replaced with this purchase, cost more used than this whole unit!                
I've never needed any repairs done yet but I did have a question and they got right back to me with an answer.                
As I mentioned before, the colors and the lay-out are great. Not sexy or flashy, just easy and usable.                
Being able to use 2 effects at the same time, sent to mains and/or monitors, separate Graphic EQ's for mains and/or monitors was why I bought this model. I won't be for want of a different unit for the foreseeable future.                 
i purchased this mixer and it worked and sounded great. i was using powered mains, not the internal power amp. when i went to use the internal power amp, for my monitors, only the A side worked? Nothing would come out of the B side. I researched further, and read a whole lot of negative reviews, about this problem & Behringer's Quality control. I took mine to my favorite nearby music store, and they fixed the problem INSTANTLY! In order for ther internal power amp to run 4 monitors @ 4 ohms, you have to "trick" the mixer. Insert a jumper from L power amp insert to A monitor send, then do the same thing on the B side. Now i have all 1600 watts pushing my 4 monitors, using the internal power amp. Quick fix & only cost $10 for the jumper cords. I was ready to ship it back, because i thought the mixer was defective. The way Behringer designed this unit, they want YOU to buy an External power amp! NO NEED TO FOR THAT. PROBLEM SOLVED.  I hope this helps out any further folks stumbling on this problem.                
So far I've worked 4 gigs with the new Behringer board and the sound qulity has skyrocketed. I was using a Phonic Powerpod 1860 but it was constantly clipping and cutting out at higher power levels. I original used it as a soloist but it wasn't handling the band volume. 
This Behringer really fits the bill! I would recommend it to any band working lounges or outdoor gigs.                
I am very happy with this mixer. I had it up, plugged in, and running our worship team in just a few minutes. We've had it over a month and have zero issues with the mixer. At this point I would rate it as excellent. I am hoping for some longevity with this and don't see why I won't get it.                
I work with a lot of different boards and very much like the features on this one. I like the multiple effects and the ability to tune each channel seperately. The power is great since I do as much outside work as inside. Also works well in the studio.                
The effects are great. I really like the feedback indicators built into the equilizer. Great power. I would put it up against any of the higher priced brands.                 
Learning the effects and how to adjust them was a little difficult without a manuel.                
Seems to be well constucted. Had one button cracked when I unpacked it with no visable package damage.                
Very much worth the money. Definitely equal or better than higher priced models.                
Looks good. Differing colors on control knobs allows for quick identification.                
I have had this for a few years it is still going strong!! I will buy again when the time comes.                
I purchased a previously returned powered mixer. The listing on the website promotes buying these items as a great deal and savings. That part is true. I would be very cautious ever doing this because of the terrible packaging.my 25 pound stereo mixer was shipped in the original box, but without any cushioning material. A wad of paper was included in the box. During shipment, the box was dropped and the mixer was damaged. It still works but can't be fixed without paying a fortune. I was offered a return but I can't afford a new unit. Be careful.                
 Everything you need and more for a friendly price! The power section is a tad overdone on the spec sheet but still powerful enough for a small band!                
I bought this head to run non powered cabs. Ended up buying some powered mackies instead and the head runs it great. great head room quite.                
It sounds great when it works. Had this product less that 6 months, in less than a week Channel 1 had some issues. Then it sounded like my speakers were distorting. I rebuilt them totally with high quality selenium drivers. And it sounded awesome. I decided to put some serious horns in my cabinets. And it still sounded great with everything at unity gain. Then all of the sudden melt down.                 
This product has almost everything you could want for a mixer.
                
Interface is intuitive but the effect processors could have better readouts                
It appears out of the box well made. But the knobs are cheaper plastic and can come off. I would definitely get a case of some kind to protect it. Additionally the advertising states this is a 1600 watt board. If you run it like most it's 800 watts at best 400 per side. So to me that is less than half of the rated power. What small band is going to run this thing in bridge mode?                 
It's ok but not great!
                
Initially it all seemed pretty nice, however took two weeks before the repair shop could even look at my board, then Behringer has the part on backorder, that tells me that these things are dying left and right. I have been without my board for over a month now and my band has lost out on numerous gigs. If you are a local band playing clubs every weekend DO NOT buy this product. Man I wish I had my Mackie gear again.                
I'm looking now.                
My wife and friends had purchased this unit with great expectations from another retailer for me for my birthday. It was sadly disappointing. For such a "powerful" unit it put out about 30 watts of power. I called Behringer 2 times and got "techno speak" from someone that told me that digital output was different from analog. I had compared it to my Fender Passport unit that put our far superior sound. I brought the unit to a sound engineer to look it over and he said that it was sorely deficient and putting out according to specifications. Behringer  did not offer any substantive help and deflected an inquiry. I ended up returning the merchandise back and getting a complete refund. I also spoke with other musicians that had the same issue with their Behringer powered mixers, so I know it was not a fluke. Caveat Emptor!                
The unit was defective and the manufacturer was completely uninterested.                
Great mixer, however I would advise you on buying Extra amps or just buy a regular mixer with no amp built in and buy the Amps separately, I have a Salsa Band, 13-15 Channels working, trust me, this did not cut it, I'm buying a regular Behringer and 2 Amps to power my speakers and subwoofer,                
I've had buyers remorse ever since. I was hoping to save money because of the price difference between this and Peavey. All I've had is trouble and for the second time in less than two years of having it, I'm without sound again. I had forgotten about how impossible it is to get ahold of the warranty department until just now after waiting for over 20 minutes then finally giving up and leaving a callback number. Like the last time, I don't expect a call any time soon.                
I bought this unit new and A little over a year later it stopped working, now the lights just flash on it, nothing else. its hard to get any parts for it , what the heck, manuel is a peace of crap. now I have a $6 hundred peace of junk. I will never again own anything with the behringer name on it, by the way, it comes from germany. no one around here can fix it. dont buy this unit. it sucks.                
It is a great setup for the first time Podcaster or studio recording. You will begin to understand and master the basics of audio, recording, editing etc. Good luck to those who purchase it.                
I have only had it for only a week. I have used it for several live online broadcast with an omnidirectional mic and everyone said the sound was great. I wish the unit had an on and off switch.                
I own this product and I must say for the price you get a good deal. Depending on the speakers you have, the saound quality is decent and actually could even be used for a little kareoke or amatuer live sound. The audio interface that came with the bundle, though, was...well...worth the money. I tweaked with everything I could think of and got nothing but a gargled sound and static from it when used on my computer. The product bundles are very limited also if you're into recording. You may want to get a recording mic also.                
As I said it actually isn't bad for the price. For general amatuer podcasts and recording, the accessories are easy to figure out and accessible. The mixer delivers a clean sound. The mic isn't the greatest, though, and the interface is aweful.                
It's actually very easy to use and set up....unless you run into a problem. The guides that came with the product weren't in english so I couldn't understand anything in them.                
Quality is not bad. I praise the work on the mixer once again for its durablity because it's been through hell. As for the mic and the interface, it'd be best to make sure those stay protected at all times.                
You get what you pay for. It's worth $99 as a bundle.                 
I have not dealt with the company.                
This product isn't a technical marvel...let's be honest. This type of thing has been arround for years. It's pretty basic.                
I've had this for a few months now and once again I love the mini mixer that came with it. It works for my recording needs since I only use a few channels at a time anyway and it sounds great. As for the interface I've upgraded to an E-MU 0404 Audio/MIDI Interface which gives me a hell of a lot more accesibility. I use recording mics for drums but I still use the mic that came with it for vocal recording just because it saves money. I bought an M-Audio pre amp to help it along but it gets the job done. Overall it's not bad for what you spend for it. I definately recomend this for amatuers.                
Have only had this system for a little over a month and I already love it. I host Karaoke shows and have for the past eighteen years. In the past, using my laptop, I would have to stream my background music on a separate program than my karaoke. This put a big strain on my CPU and made for frequent crashing and glitches. Now I can stream my music from an iPod connected via Bluetooth to the system and run my karaoke on a different channel on the mixer, so it lightened the load on my CPU and my shows are clean and smooth. I would recommend this to anyone that needs a system that is easily broken down for travel. Great for weddings and public speaking too! The Behringer PPA2000BT is the perfect solution for DJ's on the move. Highly recommended! Crisp highs and a booming low end, this thing has it all. Not to mention a ton of built in effects and the ability to connect the Behringer wireless mics via the USB jack on the board.                 
Behringer 2000 is a fine system for venues up to 200 or more people. The Bluetooth capabilities you can't do without once you've used them. The Teknik effects are a must have that you don't get with other systems. Beware though, you don't get the speakers with the YELLOW Behringer symbol on the front unless you upgrade. The microphone, you let others use for karaoke. I upgraded to a Sennheiser 935, which sounds great with this system, even with the provided cables. I'll be upgrading to the S. 965 soon. The 20 foot cables are good but they will be upgraded also. A longer cable is what I'm looking for. Overall the system is great. I'm going to add a subwoofer and may upgrade to the Yellow tagged speakers. I'll be buying a second one.                
So this is a great product. It's made larger than it needs to be, I think partially in order to provide some protection to the contents. In my case, that's not necessarily a good thing, as I travel across country and bought this PA system for that purpose. 
I suppose if I was to do it again, I may look at a different system, but since I have it, I'm very happy with it so far. It has alot of features I'd not traditionally use (like the effects processor), and some that have come in more handy than I expected (like the wireless mike port and the bluetooth connectivity). 
Overall, I think Behringer really considered portability and performance in this package. Had they just focused a little more on compactness (even a few inches), it would fit nicely into traditionaly Pelican boxes. 
In order to ship this product through the airlines, I looked to have a custom box made. I was pretty impressed that I could have one made for around $250. 
Fortunately, I was able to find a cheaper (and probably more temporary) option at walmart. the i-fly fiber hard-shell expandable suitcase fits this unit like a glove. You have to expand the case and unnzip the partition, but it fits with inches to spare, allowing you to check this unit in without any extra expense (it comes in just under 55 lbs, too). I looked at hundreds of cases, totes, etc. before finding this little $70 gem. 
At any rate, I'm using a sennheiser ew-100 mic pack and the sound is crystal clear; I'm also using the optional Behringer wireless microphone and the bluetooth connectivity to my computer for music. It's performed flawlessly so far.                 
Works great. Using with my Shure Beta91A mic and it does the job                
I believe I purchased 2, while only meaning to purchase 1 and neither fit and was unfortunately in an accident and failed to return them, but they do not fit. you would think I was looking for the holy grail... I also want to say that your previous service has been outstanding, and I believe your co. has integrity. Otherwise I wouldn't bother with this.                
Performs flawlessly with no noise and no signal degradation. Built like a tank and feels solid and weighty. Great price for what you get (check out other patch bays and you'll see). I added another rack to my project studio and needed another bay (this is my second px3000) to handle the new routings. The switches beat the heck out of having to take apart and change card positions to do straight thru or half and full normalling, and they too (the switches) feel solid and dependable. Don't waste your money on patch bays by higher profile "name" brands; get one or two of these instead.                
I have five of these in studio rack and they make life so much more simple with the ability to push a slider to select Normalled, Half-Normalled, or Through. They are not expensive but they do exactly what they are supposed to do, look good doing it, and you don't have to bother with flipping circuit boards and plgugs around to change it's function. The only thing I can think of that would improve them is a more detailed and easily understood set of instructions on what the purpose of Normal, Half-Normal, and Through are for and how better plan setting up a patch system that will work first time.                
Well a good patchbay should not introduce any sound. This one does not as far as I can tell and I use excellent headphones for reference.                 
The 3-Mode Multifunctional design is great although having the switches on the front instead of the top you think would be an obvious improvement. But having them on top does help protect your settings once mounted on your rack. I design my rack setup with an open space above and a cover for that slot - if I need to get to the switches it is pretty easy.                
If you understand what the switches are for, it is very simple to use.                
This piece of equipment seems to be built like a tank; heavy and the switches and jacks seem to be of high quality. The jacks work the way they should and are very smooth. Although I am using this in a studio, I would not hesitate to take it on the road.                
Great piece of gear for the money; I will add another when the time comes to upgrade my studio.                
Have not needed any                
It looks great and well built the design aesthetics go great in the studio and looks very professional.                
I would replace this with the same if it were to wear out. I would also buy another if I needed to expand.                
Just avarage. Cheap price, cheap product                
Behringer support is legendary to take forever and cost more than the product. For a price tag below $50, I'd consider it's a consummable.                
All the money you don't pay upfront (for a dbx, neutrik, hosa, tascam,...) you'll spend in hours crawling behind your desk/flight case stacks to check the connections, removing the unit from teh rack to check the switches (which are a good idea, but stupidly located and inaccessible as soon as the unit is racked)                
All the money you don't pay upfront (for a dbx, neutrik, hosa, tascam,...) you'll spend in hours crawling behind your desk/flight case stacks to check the connections, removing the unit from teh rack to check the switches (which are a good idea, but stupidly located and inaccessible as soon as the unit is racked)                
the Behringer Q1002 is a great mixer the quality of its sounds reproduction far exceeds is moderate cost, you cannot go wrong with this unit.                
Great mixer. I record my radio program that has a mix of somgs and talk. Great sound. Easy to use.                
I just received my Behringer mixer and my Behringer wireless mic ..  and i immediately used it two day to dj a small wedding . Ok the mixer is good its solid and its compact so that's all very nice. The Behringer wireless mic has a good sound to it and if i have to say anything bad about its that the double A batteries drain somewhat quick but fortunatly i had a spare 4 pak so always carry batteries if your going to buy the wireless Behringer mic.   But so far its been a good purchase for me.                
I've always been a fan of Behringer products. Don't be fooled by the price tag - this mixer has a lot of bells and whistles, plus quality sound.  I use this one for my weekly podcasts and it works great.                
THE BEHRINGER XENYX USB MIXER IS GREAT I LIKE IT. IT'S VERY EASY TO OPERATE. BELIEVE IT OR NOT I HAVE AND OLD FASHION SOUND SYSTEM. BUT WHEN I DISCOVER ZZOUNDS OVER THE INTERNET, I TOLD TO MY SELF THAT THIS GUYS HAVE A GREAT DEALS ON SOUND SYSTEM, I HAVE TO TRY ORDER SOUNDS FROM THEM, SO I DID AND EVERY ORDER THAT I MADE CAME OUT RIGHT. I WILL ORDER FROM ZZOUNDS AGAIN AND AGAIN. HEY GUYS IF YOU NEED GOOD SOUND SYSTEM GO TO ZZOUND .COM GUARANTEED YOU GET WHAT YOU LOOKING FOR.THANKS FROM: "J AND J ALL IN ONE SOUND SYSTEM"                
I ordered this item as a repacked item...the only problem is when I got it...it was new...everything was there and it works great...
Fast delivery and always good service.                
I bought this for the good sound quality it has for vocals it really accents vocals much better than 2 other similar brands I tried with less feedback .Im using the digitech voice live 3 and you can get great sound with the two together even in a small space such as I have and have no feed back up close with vocal pedal and guitar fairly close ....for me sound is always first and for the money it cant be beaten.I did try the usb recording and had some ground issues but I cant say it was the device cause I have old wiring ...as far as shipping goes they are excellent the tracking is awesome and guitar center is a headache in that respect I have not had a good delivery with guitar center ...guitar center uses whoever is convenient...zzounds has proven stress free delivery.i know this isn't the best quality out there so I'VE give it a 4 star overall I would recommend to a friend . also I always keep plastic cover wrapping over it because dust kills these type of open faders and it doesn't overheat with be wrapped ...keep the dust out and you wont be disappointed...im only giving manufacture support a 2.5 cause I never used it so 50/50 seem fair                
I purchased this board due to how it talked up PC use. Once i received it. I found that nothing has been updated for PC use in a long time. OBS the most used Broadcaster and can't use this board without 3ed party plugins and Voicemeeter. But then it locks VoiceMeeter to only using the mixer and kicks out all other Voicemeeter settings.                
This little mixer is great. The features are very limited, but what is there is of a good quality. That is how it should be when you buy something on the value side - trade cost for features, not quality.
I like the compression on the XLR channel, and the USB connectivity is gold.  Recordings come through nice and clear.
Achieving zero latency was easy with a little hack. Google it and you'll see it can be done. The free Audacity software works great too.
Now that I purchased a larger mixer for some additional XLRs, this little guy will be a submixer. 
You can't go wrong with the 502usb in my opinion.                
This little mixer packs more punch than expected. I'm very happy with my purchase.                
I Bought This Mixer And It Works Good For What You Can Do With It Nice Compression Knob To Go With It Only Thing About It Is It Only Has 12 Vz Of Phantom Power So If Your Tryin To Use A Studio Condenser Microphone You Should Get A Seperate Power Supply                 
This was a perfect mixer to get my home studio organized. I have (believe it or not) three computers hooked up to this mixer. I needed a way to organize connecting all my home studio device with the ease of using an analog mixer. I use MOTU's Ultralite for my sound card driving Logic on my Mac. MOTU by itself is a mixer, but you have to go through the computer to control just about everything. That was horribly inefficient to do simple things (like tone and volume out of my monitor speaker). I have limited real estate on my desktop, so I couldn't get a big mixer in there. This notepad sized mixer was a perfect solution. Now everything is very easy to control. It sounds simple, but I have about 40 wires going back and forth between various devices. Just for organizing the wires, this mixer was heaven sent. I use all its inputs in the following way:Mic 1 -> Condenser MicMic 2 -> Mic 2 or Zoom G2.1U guitar pedal inputch3 & 4 -> MOTU Ultralite outputCh 5 & 6 -> Computer 2 audioUSB -> Computer 3 input/outputTape In -> extra CD player input (when you don't want to use computer CD drive)Output 1 -> Monitor speaker and subwooferOutput 2 -> Goes back to MOTU's inputPhone Out -> Goes to drive loudspeaker measurement hardwareFX Loop -> Goes to Lexicon Multi FXNow tell me if you can organize all this in a limited note pad sized space with anything else other than this. And you can imagine what a nightmare it would be to easily have everything connected in an organized way without it.The extra bonus is that the new mic preamp on this mixer really seems to sound good. Behringer has been saying, for a long time that their preamp is extra special super quality, and we used to laugh about it. But when I connected my condenser mic to this, I was shocked at how full, and bold it sounded. It's definitely few notches above my old Behringer mixer that I bought 10 years ago, and also Mackie that I have. I used to have Protools LE, and even compared to those, this mic preamp is good. I'm not sure if this was due to good matching with my microphone, but it's recommended that you try it out.The other channels are clear, but nothing to write home about. It quietly does its job, and is about what you expect from a hardware of this price range..When I got my mixer, I heard something was sliding inside the casing. I took the screws off, and removed the side panel to find out that an insulation glued on to either the chassis or the PCB that came loose and was sliding around. I removed it, and the mixer is working fine (probably until something hits its underside).I haven't played around with USB too much so far, so I can't comment on it except that it's working fine on the playback. When I get more usage, I'll write another review.I'm eternally grateful to Behringer for coming up with variety of mixer formats. Just look around, and you see what I mean. There isn't anything like this on the market, especially at this price. It was the nail in the coffin for my project studio, and I'm sure there are thousands more usage for it.Unbelievably good mixer for the price with surprisingly good mic preamp, and is recommended for anyone who's space or budget is limited.                
Great little mixer I can take anywhere. Good controls and works great with my Condenser Mic. Great price. Even better, zZounds' shipped so fast I forgot I order it. Great work folks, thanks!!!!!!                
I bought this mixer because it seemed like the cheapest way to get a USB audio adapter for my computer that had gain control on input and output, phantom power for a condensor mic, and a level meter. This mixer, minimally, provides all this but was ultimately not satisfactory. I ended up using a Behringer UCA222 in conjunction with my old Behringer MX802A mixer.Here are some general comments:o The overall frequency response, headroom and signal to noise levels are to a first approximation no better or worse than my several-years-old Behringer MX802A mixer -- The fancy new "Xenyx preamp" branding notwithstanding.o Via USB you at any time can either send audio TO or receive audio FROM the computer, but not both at the same time.o There are only four meter LEDs per channel which is barely enough to be useful if properly calibrated -- but they're not. When outputting the main mix to the computer via USB, the USB data starts clipping when the level is only part way through the third, yellow, LED's range. This is bad. It shouldn't clip unless the fourth, red LED is lit.o When you turn on the receiving of audio from the computer via USB there's a distinctly higher level of background noise present at the main output.o There is no power switch. You turn it on/off by plugging/unplugging the power cord into the back of the unit, and the pins on the connectors are hard to line up.                
I really enjoy the ease of use of this mixer. It is its own sound card, so you don't have to worry about that. The same circuitry as in their larger boards, so the quality is fantastic. I have it paired with a Sennheiser 421 mic and it does a great job. It also works well with Adobe Audition 3.0. Great product!                
Granted this was a cheap device but I had purchased Behringer products in the past and considered them to be of high value/low cost . I wrongly assumed this device was more than it was. Some key specs were left out of the product literature and while the hardware still seemed decent for the price, the drivers were hardly usable.
To enumerate the problems I have had:
* The device is 16-bit, though this was not specified on Behringer's site or any of the online retailers pages. 
* The device is USB 1.1, though this is also not specified.
* The default Windows USB Audio Codec drivers produced cracking at any acceptable latency when combined with ASIO4all v2 driver.
* The official Behringer WDM driver when combined with ASIO4all v2 decently low latency, but occasionally the audio would become momentarily distorted (once every 20 minutes or so).
* The official Behringer ASIO driver works perfectly at 5ms output latency, but Windows (non-ASIO) audio crackle and pop if the device is left at this setting after exiting my DAW.
* When operated with ASIO4all, the device is only available to windows meaning you can run only one ASIO application and sound through windows is unavailable. Granted this is a limitation of the Windows driver model and how ASIO4all operates with it, but I figure this is worth mentioning since Behringer links to this driver from its drivers download page.
* The official ASIO drivers do not allow many parameters to be tweaked. Cannot choose number of buffers and buffer sizes are only select-able in a predefined list. ASIO bit depth is hardcoded to 32 bit.
* There is no manual available, only a quickstart guide although the quickstart guide refers you to the manual for more information. 
* When I voiced some of these complaints to Behringer I was told that they couldn't help me, but they would let the guys in China know.
I did go through the normal troubleshooting process of choosing high performance power settings in windows, removing old drivers, turning off cpu power management, stopping unnecessary services etc., trying different usb ports and removing all but essential usb devices.  All of the above issues were experienced in Windows 7 64-bit on a moderately spec'd machine: Quad core phenom II @ 3Ghz w/4GB DDR2 ram.                
sounds very live and loud from the USB at 16/48, its max. Good headphone output, potentially ear melting.                
I have only had this board for few weeks, but so far it has been incredible! The FX are crisp and clean. The board functions easy to get use to and the USB option is excellent! I would recommend this board to anyone starting out and even to those that are experienced. Will be trying the recording feature soon at a live show, once i download the software!                
Im very happy with this mixing board, the sound effects are amazing and very easy to adjust and apply.i know some people put down behringer products, but i have quite a few and have only good things to say about this company, never had 1 problem with anything. as far as this board is concerned..it has made recording and playing so much easier and fun.the usb plugs right into the computer and play...that simple.the EQ sounds stellar and really makes a huge difference in the sound quality of my music. for the price, you cannot beat it...i totally recommend this mixing board to anyone who wants to increase the quality of there sound.                
Sound quality is great. It's used for various setups including acoustic open mic formats and small band performances. Very low noise in live applications.  Haven't used this at all for recording.                
Big advantage with this line of mixers is the compression. Second advantage is the configurable parameters of the effects.  Dual aux sends with fader is a plus as with the all mute button.                
Same type of eq as Berhringer's (and most others) powered mixers.  If you have a good handle on that , then dial in the compression so you can elevate the vocals on the fader to get level above the instruments.                
Been buying Behringer products since they were available here in the states. Have several processors, powered mixers, amps and DI's. Never had one single problem with a failure of any of them. My opinion: road worthy, great value for the money, reliable, predictable performance.                
It's a bargain.                 
Never had to contact them.                
I like lighted indicators, the more the better.  It helps in dark rooms.                 
If you use a powered mixer now, this is a nice transistional unit to the newer way of live sound.  Of course you'll need a power amplifier or powered speakers, but you'll gain much greater control over sound dynamics.                
My wife and I d.j. a lot of shows. The size and weight of the gear was getting way out of hand. We have switched to Beringer equipment. Twice the power, 1/4 the weight and our music sounds better then ever. The best part was the price. Check there gear out . You won't be sorry.                
I am an experienced karaoke host and have been doing shows for more than 10 years. I pride myself in providing the best user experience so I try to make sure they sound as good as they possibly can. I have been using my  Xenix X1222USB for 4 years and decided I needed a new mixer to ensure I had backup for my shows and a 2nd mixer for weddings etc. I'm now using th eX1222USB as my backup and just started using the QX model. 
I love the fact this mixer has USB sound. It gives a clear output and also allows me to record the singers at the click of a button using my CompuHost software. The compressors are great for the too soft and too loud voices at every show. The British EQ is great to tone the mics properly and all of the controls are smooth and well placed. The effects are better than the old ones on the x1222 and are a lot easier to use and adjust. It has a USB port for a USB fob type microphone receiver for the ULM-200 mics and I will be ordering them when they are available.                
This mixer performs well in the most important mixing task of being dead quiet. If you experience any unwanted noise, it would be coming from your cables, instruments  or some outside source of electrical interference.                
The built in compression and digital multi effects are a real bonus, especially at this price. They all sound great.  The EQ is excellent.  I do have some nitpicks on the features. The four mono inputs allow you to connect via XLR or 1/4" plug, but not both. It would be nice if they added an input select switch for those channels so you could use both inputs without changing connections. Although the built in effects sound great and all of the important effects you're likely to use are covered, I wish there was more flexibility in the adjustment parameters on some of them. It would be nice to have the ability to select at least a couple of effects and set them up in series or parallel. The multi-effects they provide are useful, but you are limited to a few preset choices. You can't save user presets, but any adjustments you make will remain if you go to another effect and come back. They don't automatically return to a default setting which is nice. I also wish there was a way of adjusting the viewing angle contrast on the display. It's hard to see what effect is active unless you are almost directly over the mixer. All that being said, the effects are very high quality and are a real bonus. You can always connect an outboard processor via the inserts for more flexibility, especially if you want different effects on different channels. There are separate mix controls on each channel for internal and insert effects.                 
I've been using a similar type of mixer for more than 30 years, so if I said really easy, it might not seem quite so easy to someone with little or no prior mixing experience. I still have to say as far as mixers of this type go, it is really easy to use.                 
This mixer appears to be very well made. The sockets are tight and the controls feel very sturdy. In a studio, there's nothing about it that would lead me to believe there would be any durability issues. If used on the road, a solid, fitted, foam-lined carrying case would be essential.                
This mixer provides a huge bang for the buck. The built in high quality effects are what really set this apart in this price range.                
Some of functions on this mixer are configured a little differently than my old mixer. I thought I had a couple of inputs which weren't working. I looked in the manual and tried all kinds of things with no luck. I e-mailed the company and got a response in fairly short order that immediately solved the issue. The person who responded was very friendly. This does lead me to one complaint. The manual covers four models of Xenyx mixers. Although they have a lot in common, there are distinct differences and it can be very confusing looking at information and illustrations which don't apply to my model. There should be a specific manual for each model. This may have prevented me from having to e-mail on a small issue I should have been able to easily find in the manual. A troubleshooting guide would also be helpful.                
Very appealing. Mixers like this are a basic utility for bands and anyone working with multiple sound sources. The wow on this would be the excellent built in effects.                
I bought this to replace a 30 year old mixer with a similar number of inputs and outputs. I made a good choice.                
I was using a Mackie 1604VLZPro from 2001 and it's footprint was way too huge for the space I had available in my new studio. So I went smaller plus I wanted an USB audio interface with the mixer. The QX1622USB was smaller than I needed but the price was right so I bought it. The first time I set it up and plugged in everything I could hardly wait to turn it on. That anticipation ended very quickly when I turned it on. There was a terrible hissing noise that I never got rid of. My Mackie didn't have it so I knew it was the Behringer. I tried everything to get rid of the hiss and even bought a tiny box designed to stop electrical static/ground noise bleeding into the cables from my PC. It's called a ground loop isolator. It worked pretty good so I thought it was my PC laptop that was making the noise because when I unplugged in the little box the hiss was less evident though not totally eliminated. Well, all of my recordings still had a terrible sibilant hiss during the quiet moments. But I lived with it for a year. During that time I noticed the faders (sliders) making crackling noises when I moved them. I always used a dust cover so I don't think it was dirt and debris making the noise. Then the left main fader began to crackle and eventually it failed almost completely. I could play with the fader and get some sound from it. After several months the entire unit was making all kinds of strange growling noises while playing my keyboards. After researching the problem it's a common complaint with Behringer mixers. I visited the Behringer website to see about the 3 years warranty but -- get this -- it's a 1 year warranty unless you register the product within 90 days, which I didn't and it's over a year old. So now it's a disposable mixer since it'll cost more to ship both ways and to get fixed. Happily I decided to buy a Mackie ProFX16v2 and I'm absolutely amazed at the pristine quality and 99% lack of sibilance even while wearing headphones! It's a joy! The Behringer NEVER sounded this good. And my Behringer B2031A Truth Active Monitors never sound as good either! I was rather disappointed with them and their sound until I bought the Mackie ProFX16 mixer! Please, if you're considering the QX line of mixers, I suggest otherwise. KEEP LOOKING. Buy anything else. Quality matters!                
This mixer is a great mixer for the money. It has a lot of great features like the compressors and equaliser. The lighting on the display could have been better its a little hard to read. But other than that I would recommend this to everyone.                
Behringer QX1832USB XENYX USB works great!!! I have been using it of over a month and love it.                 
For the most part this is a very nice little mixer with VERY low noise.  I'm using it as an external aux  EFX return Direct Out mixer to my main large format recording console.
The only problem I had with my new one was that when it was first turned on it made some funny loud noises, 2 mix LED ladder didn't work but after I turned it on a few times with the phantom power turned on it then worked fine and still does with no problems.  The delays sounds great but I thought maybe the Klark Teknik reverbs could've sounded a little better but they're usable in a mix.  
NOTE: What I wish mixing board manufactures would start doing is instead of having a mute button with it's associated LED just have a channel ON/OFF button with the LED indicator ON if you want that channel to work.  Then the board would have the LEDs  'ON' if you need that channel to work. Makes total sense and sense LED bulbs last virtually forever LED isn't really an issue. (plus the WOW factor would be a heck of a lot better! :)        
This mixer arrived quickly and works perfectly. It has a lot of features for the money. The effects are surprisingly good and the USB interface is great. I do wish there was a way to route the USB signal through a channel for EQ or effects. Anyway the mixer has been running 24/7 in a small theater for nightly shows without a hitch. Great value - thank you Behringer.                
I replaced a failed Mackie board with this one for our small church. I had only one day to install and set up this mixer before a special program for Christmas but it worked flawlessly. I am impressed!                
the sound is clean and give plenty of headroom and the effects are very good                 
the routing options and the eq/compression are useful but the wireless mic option is kind of a waste for me anyway                   
this is a pretty straight forward mixer you can have it up and running in no time                 
faders and knobs seem tight and well put together but we will see how it works in a year                 
very happy it has done much more than I expected well worth the cash                
no problems with any of behringers equipment I have as of yet                  
as far as mixers go it looks good ..and it has flashing lights  ooooooh                
originally bought this mixer as a add on to give more inputs for drums ,vocals etc. on our Tascam 24 track but with the clean sound and above level effects it has become the main mixer for recording . The 8 direct outs and sub outs give you all the routing you need. 90% of the mastering is done  using this board also. I set the track levels on the Tascam and route them back to the qx2442 for final effects and levels then use its built in usb to send a finished master to the pc for tweaking
Easy to set up is a to use                
Fun to play with easy to use                
I have three friends that use this model they love it                
It is a very good value I did not want a powered mixer                
Not yet                
This is a great product                
This is a very good measure                
Great mixer, I bought this one as an up grade from the x2222fx because of the usb and ability to record. It work awesome with my new Yamaha club series speakers and subs                
Very good                
It has a wireless mic option that might be okay if you can stay with in the 100 to 200 ft range? Other than that it's a bear bones mixer.                 
Very straight forward to use, anyone with any experience will have no issues using this mixer                
Very high quality good pots great sliders fit and finish very good. Has lots of ins and outs 4 chanel sub mixing, works well with other components just not with its self. Compressors little to no good, pre's okay. FX good, but I have outboard stuff.                 
The X2442 is cheaper and has all the connectivity, 3d sound, more for less, in my opinion.                 
They tried, my problem was that the product just wasn't capable of doing what I wanted. They informed of what it could do, and tried to blame my other equipment for its inadequaticys.                
Thought there was but I was wrong!                 
Good little mixer, works well but didn't realize it was so bear bones, all it does is mix ? The cheaper X2442 does way more and costs less, unless a 2 chanel wireless mic system that cost more than buying one is a peeling to you? It's lack of range makes it not a option for me.                 
Pretty decent. It's cheap behringer gear. What do you want, QSC for $200?                
Loads of touting capsbility. Excellent.                
Once you figure out the front panel, it's fine.                
Well, I would just be careful with it. Behringer pots have a way of just breaking off in a stiff breeze...from experience...                
Great value. Until it breaks from bringnlooked at too hard...lol...mine hasn't, but just saying...                
Never neededzzz                
Wow!!! It's still not broken after 5 gigs and a few rehearsals!!!!
The $300 rack case prob helps...lol                
Bought this to use as a keyboard/etc mixer for live gigs...had 3 synths, a headset mic, and a monitor return going into it, and separate vox and keys out to main mixer.  Behringer users know they pack every feature they can think of including the kitchen sink into all of their products, including loads of useless nonsense, but the routing capabilities are always appreciated. I have an out to one of my monitor speakers inputs, with my keys and vox, and another out carrying the main monitor mix to the other input on my speaker (EV ZLX 12)
Pretty handy. 
In fact, I even used it a few times as a main mixer for a 7 piece band rehearsal including V Drums and it worked out just great.
Only real complaints, first, as with all behringer sound reinforcement gear, it clips at ridiculously low input gain settings....it's why I avoid their loudspeakers, and two, the front panel is confusing and cramped. But you get used to it. For the price, it's great. Def recommend just for the routing.
FX are sufficient for basic stuff....Don't expect Lexicon and you won't be disappointed, lol.                
This mixer was purchased as an all purpose mixer for small venues. And a Drum Mixer for large venues. As part of my rack system, it goes where the show is. I have used this in 4 shows so far, it works like a charm. MY ONLY COMPLAINT, the power button on this rack mounted system is in the back.                
The mic preamps have fairly decent headroom and clearity for a drumset. Besides the hall reverbs, the rest of the effect are pretty good and clean sounding. I guess they chose to use the DSP for more bit rate rather than sample rate. So it's 24bit, but only 40 instead of 44.1.                 
I like that it has inserts on every channel to interface with my 8 channel sound card plus additional aux sends and return. No return level on those, but most external effects processors already have that. I wish there was a pre and post switch for those as they are pre only. Also, a larger VU meter. Other than that, it's perfect.                
It's very easy to use. They kept it simple. The trim is able to tame down hot mics with no attenuator button. There's no mid EQ but just the hi and low sound great and do the job..                 
I got a blemished sent back one, so some of the pots were tighter than others and the FX knob sticks sometimes. Can't complain for what I paid at all. Was easily fixed.                
Extremly awesome value. It's not a real professional mixer, but very close in many ways. Great job Behringer.                 
Never used it.                
There aren't many mixers like it or have the quality in sound. Also, the blue LEDs are always a wow.                 
I got this to work with an M-Audio Delta 1010LT and it worked out vey well. Use it for both recording and live.                
Great little mixer just wished it had a little more Eq options but, it works well for mic-in my drums.                
The only thing it doesn't have that I like to use is the Mids.  But it still produces a great sound for my shows.  I like the where the XLR connectors are located in the rear rather than where the EQ's are at.  It gives it a nice clean look and you never have to worry about having cables in the way.                
It's very light and gives out great sounds.                
The value on this is great                
I like the small space in the rack and the mixer sounds fairly good. But it falls short, if you want to use this mixer stand alone. The 2 band channel EQ doesn't give enough control over the tone. To get the sound you want, you will have to add a separate EQ to your rack. Also, the effects are terrible, so you'll likely add some external rack for vocal effects. And the most annoying short fall is the lack of channel mutes. I wouldn't buy this unit again!                
I use this line mixer as a sub-mixer to my main ROLAND M12E mixer. The sound of the BEHRINGER is totally transparent (the way it should be!), and I can't tell the difference between the sound modules/keyboards going straight into my ROLAND from those being sub-mixed first.                   
The handiest feature is the mute/defeat button on every channel. When I get confused about which module is in which channel, I can isolate them without adjusting the levels!

As a line mixer, it doesn't require EQ, so I don't miss that feature. On the two channel inputs for my ROLAND,I can alwasy fine tune the overall EQ for the BEHRINGER if required.                
I now own four different BEHRINGER products, and they all meet/exceed my expectations. A friend offered to sell me a ROLAND M120 line mixer (the same series as my M12E), but I did not like the gain/signal interface between the two, and they're both ROLAND! The stereo outputs of the BEHRINGER are very smooth and linear, and totally match the LED lights.                 
Brand new, this cost $40 less than a used ROLAND M12E currently advertised in a local music store! By the way, I have been totally happy with my ROLAND, although when purchased new about 8 years ago, it was $870 CDN funds.                
I haven't had to contact the company for any of my purchases, so I can't rate the support....what's wrong with that?                 
It looks great, is only 1 unit rack high, so it leaves me room for my other rackmount gear.                
If lost/stolen (Heaven forbid!), I'd replace it immediately with the same item.                
Generally great ... transparent and quite.                
Excellent mix of features for this type of unit. One thing to be aware of, though, is that the documentation says that the aux send is post fader from the factory. The manual documents a mod to make the sends pre-fader. WELL, turns out that from the factory, the unit is already pre-fader (and Behringer confirmed the error in their documentation). This is better anyway, but i didn't find out until after i'd chopped up my unit to make the mod ... doh!                
Generally good. Inside is very clean and durable.                
Couldn't expect much more for the price. The only thing i'd love to have is a tape out to plug into a recorder, but a y-cable on the main outs should work OK.                
Behringer was quick and helpful when i contacted them about the pre/post-fader issue.                
Sounds clean, however on my unit, if you turn the volume up past the half-point mark, it will make your synths sound harsh. Other than that it sounds great!                
Simple, basic, cheap and does it job well.                
plug the wires and the rest should be self explanatory                
Well made on the outside. But on top of the high's being too harsh, my unit right side reads higher than my left side. 

Other than those two things, this machine is great at what I purchased it for.                
You get what you paid for. Silly me for trying to run very expensive synths thru this unit. If your a bedroom producer, this machine is for you.                
Never used them.                
Has sex appeal, which is why I brought it.                
Overall, this machine is excellent at what it does. Like I said above, the unit sounds harsh once you get into the highs and mids and on my unit the right levels reads higher than the left.

If your looking for a good quality rack mixer to go with your quality synths, look to purchase an ASHLY LX-308B, a RANE SM82S, or a Speck X-Sum.                 
I bought this product for my drummer to use it as a mixer for his headphones, cause we are playing with some loops and a metronome. The mixer also has a separate mix for monitor (remember all inputs & outputs are 1/4", but are balanced so you can use an adapter to XLR if you want), which I am using with my wireless in-ear. It does the job and much more, plenty of headroom with the -40db +20 db switch in the back (if i remember correctly) and off course the price was great. I know some people dont think that Behringer is a good brand but I also own a powered speaker which works great and some other products as well. I've used and I also own other brand like Alesis, Yamaha and more, the quality of Behringer gets better and better, I am a 100% satisfied and with that price, nothing else comes close. Great product (s)
So far, I never had to use the Behringer support, so I cant tell, but i'll give them 5 stars, "innocent until proven guilty" :)
Found this product on eBay, but zZounds beat that price! Thanks again guys, you rock!                
I've had this for 3 years now. As a mixer, it does what the ad copy says it does. In real life, the mute buttons become intermittent and the pots get dirty. This leads to a loss of audio until you rotate the pots several times and push the mute buttons in & out repeatedly. Can be frustrating.                
I needed to expand the input capacity of my audio interface without spending thousands on an interface to support all my hardware hookups. This mixer gave me exactly what I was looking for in a very small footprint. I love having the mute buttons on the front and quick control of the pan/volume for each tracks along with the nice output level meter for the whole mixer really makes it great. If you need a good way to bring together a lot of inputs into one location, this is definitely something to look into. If I outgrow it in the future I will just add on another one! Doesn't color the sound or add any noise at all, which is perfect.                
This is a great rackmount mixer. I added this as a sub group mixer running my keyboards and other instruments. Then tied that into my main board and it is wonderful. Great sound smooth, no hum, or feedback at all. I will recommend to everybody.                
I used it on stage for quiet some time to mix down 4 synthesizers to 1 stereo channel. 

Recently I used it during recording session and was shocked what it did with my sounds. Some sounds where just mutulated (especially grand piano's, strings where ok-ish). And it had nothing to do with input volume. 

Looking for something more transparent now.                
Its easy compact and offers exactly what you need, no unneeded extra's. cant say anything else.

One drawback is that it has no smooth control knobs, they move in steps.                
very easy to use. Mostly due to its lack of complexity and options. But hey thats what you want for a line mixer in live situations right.                
so far pretty reliable except for the sound problems (see sound part of the review)                
Its cheap, but don't expect a clear, transparent and professional sound. Live it might be ok, but in a studio its a big no no.                
No idea. never needed to contact Behringer                
Kind of regret buying it now. Its not as good as Behringer wants you to believe. I am selling my Behringer linemixer now and buying a better quality one.                 
This mixer gives you a very nice, clean, and transparent sound.                
The mixer doesn't have eq and the effects are set to pre-fader unless you want to solder individual channels to post-fader.                
It has a solid build quality.                
This mixer is a great value if you just want something as a signal router.  EQ and a post-fader aux send would have made this mixer perfect.  I use this mixer as a submixer for a sound module, sampler, tape deck, and turntable.  I usually only record one track at a time so the fact that it's a stereo mixer doesn't matter.  If you have similar needs, this mixer is a great value.                
I haven't needed to contact them.                
This thing is not the best looking item in my rack but it is very functional.  If you take a look at other rackmountable line mixers, they're all like that.  I think mixers, on the whole (rack mount, console, desktop, etc.), are ugly looking components.                  
I really like this mixer.  I'd buy it again if it got run over by a truck.  You can get bogged down with all the bells and whistles of other mixers, but if you're like me and you record one track at a time, just need a good signal router or submixer, and you do your mixing on a computer with plug-ins, this mixer is the best you will find.                
The bass response was noticeably lacking between the audio going into and that coming out of the mixer.  The high end was brittle and higher insturments in the mix such as high hat were emphasized that hadn't been going in.  Overall, the sound was extremely flat and narrow, suggesting the possibility of crosstalk between the stereo channels.                
Having all stereo inputs is nice, but unfortunately someone decided to give this mixer stepped knobs, so you have a very limited number of possible volume settings with large gaps between each.  Also, the aux sends are permanently set to pre-fader and require soldering to change.                
Everything looks fine.                
I suppose that you get what you pay for with this cheap a mixer.                
I bought the S16 to help expedite Load in/out of venues and to reduce the amount of cabling my guys have to deal with.   Setup took only a few minutes and I was up and running.  I built a Cat-6 shielded cable with  Ethercon connectors and results have been perfect. It's nice to park the rack at the stage. Mics in, outputs feed the amp rack for mains and floor mons. The addition of the S16 to the X32 has trimmed about an hour off of setup and teardown. Behringer has certainly upped their game with the X32 and accessories.   I certainly don't miss hauling the big analog snake around!                
Hey there. I am writing this more as an informational piece than a review because I had some problems integrating the SD16 into my existing X32 with two S16 setup and I could not find any information at all online to help me. I called zZounds and they referred me to Behringer's tech support. Basically here is what happened. 
I bought the SD16 as a way to have another drop on the opposite side of the stage. Currently my two S16's are mounted in my amp rack so I need to run cabling across or behind the stage to get to it. When I hooked up the SD16 as the last unit in the chain, the system did not recognize it at all and I had no control over it. The kicker was (and this is what threw me initially) the AES50 lights on my second S16 and the SD16 were solid green telling me that the setup was synced. At that point I started thinking that maybe I needed to update the firmware in my X32 in order to use the SD16. I bought the system together back in 2013 and really haven't needed to do any updates. 
The system has worked flawlessly since I got it. I went ahead and updated the firmware (from 2.5 to 2.16) and that still did not fix the problem. Here is where it gets really interesting. I started to think maybe there was a problem with the B port on my second S16 so I disconnected everything and hooked straight to the SD16. The X32 picked it up perfectly. No issues. I then hooked up the SD16 as the first box in the chain (X32 to SD16 to first S16 to second S16) and again it was picked up by the X32 and worked perfectly. The routing screen on the X32 showed the SD16 and both of the S16's.  I then thought maybe there was a problem with the second S16 in general  so I hooked up the first S16 to the SD16 and the same problem occured. Only the S16 showed up on the routing screen. 
This is when I called zZounds to see if they could help and they sent me to Behringer. The first tech I talked to at Behringer thought that maybe I had a bad cable so I swapped out all of the cabling and that did not fix the problem. I called Behringer again. The second person I talked to knew exactly what the problem was. Back at the end of 2014 there was a firmware update that was released for the S16 boxes that was not widely publicized. Also, as a side note, without having the S16 connected via USB there is no way to tell what firmware version you are running. I was on 1.1 and the new firmware is 2.2. I downloaded the new firmware (which has a PDF file telling you how to do the update) and ran it on both S16's. Everything works great now. 
The X32 sees everything and I have full control over the SD16 as the last box in the chain or wherever I decide to put it in the chain. I hope this helps some of you that might be having this same issue. I realize that many of you are probably running newer systems than I am but like I said earlier, I could not find ANYTHING on this issue ANYWHERE. Even in the Behringer forums. I'm pretty sure there are quite a few people out there running older firmware because unless you are using the X32 in a studio situation, most of the firmware updates that I have seen apply more to the studio environment that the live environment (which is where I am using my system). I hope this helps a few of you out there.                
I really like this little guy.  It's built like a tank, dead easy to setup and does what it's supposed to do. The XLR inputs are also much more durable than the locking ones on the X32's and the S16 stage boxes.  The built in Hi-Z inputs on the last two channels are a nice touch too and have eliminated two DI boxes from my setup.                
You can not go wrong for the price. This unit is truly well built with features and a sound you expect to pay double or even triple the price.                
It has 3 selections I like the middle position the best the top position is good and the bottom position is a boost and it works well kind of like a overdrive it boosts your signal. for those leads.                
4 knobs to twist and a 3way switch. COOL! /it is very good fuzz in my opinion, I have owned and/or own a big muff pi, fuzzbrite clone of fuzzrite very good no bass fuzz, I like the behringer because it has great high and low control and it sounds lik to me the fuzz sound I  was looking for.                 
Pick a selection 1,2 or3 and set up you tone and rock out!                
Not bad for plastic, hey i dont jump on my metal stomp boxes why would I do it to this one. Treat it good and it will treat u good.                
Best bang for your buck!!!!!!!!!!                
i dont know never needed them and I own 8 of them no problems                 
VERY SEXY PEDAL!                
BUY IT NOW!                
 I am a commercial sound system engineer and professional radio and mobile DJ and have designed audio equipment in the past. I own many different Behringer small format mixers and signal processors (including compressors, crossovers, eqs and exciters) which I bought over the years going back to the late 90s. I still have and use most of these products, they are rugged, reliable, have excellent specs and work flawlessly. It amazes me how Behringer consistently offers such top notch products with so much bang for the buck. I believe they are unique in their market segment.
 Overall, my early opinion of the new SPL3220 is equally favorable. I ran it through it's paces with commercially recorded music like that I would play on the air or at a gig and found that with it's dual band design it does a commendable job of taming dynamic volume swings and holding average program levels without the artifacts typical of the many single band processors available. It's packed full of useful features despite it's small size and price like the leveller, limiter, full metering, hard bypass, music or voice settings, and unbalanced or balanced XLR combo inputs/ outputs. Most of all, it's logically laid out and easy to operate despite it's complexity of functions. It should be invaluable for uses like mine or in PA and background music systems, production studios or for small broadcasters on a budget.
 My only reservations or nit picks concern the front panel design and lack of good documentation (owner's manual). The front face has an attractive hinged smoked plastic cover which may be prone to breakage by tampering, heavy use or impact. It also obscures the controls and meter illumination to a great extent. I prefer the more typical Behringer extruded aluminum open front face design. I think the unit should also come with a more comprehensive User's Manual as has been traditional for the company. This is a complex piece of equipment (albeit deceptively simple in control layout) which deserves more detailed background and useage information especially for those unfamiliar with compressors / limiters / levellers. I myself had to look at the block diagram on the specification sheet which i found on their website (under downloads for the unit) to understand the actual functions of the "Meter" and "Program" switches and "Leveller" knob. The "Meter" switch acts as a processor in/ out selector (it's actually a bypass), the "Program" switch selects the crossover frequency between the two processor bands (favoring either voice or music uses), and the "Leveller" knob increases the recovery time of the compressor effectively keeping the average program level consistent over a longer period of time.
 For the price and features of the SPL3220 though, you won't find a better product out there, that's what's so great about Behringer. I heartily recommend it.
It is a wonderful processor allows a lot of punch and great presence but I wish it had gating and more user adjustable controls.                
If you're looking for analog audio processing, it would be wise to completely pass on this product. Normally I really like Behringer gear, but not this piece. If you're looking for analog audio compression, limiting, or AGC (Automatic Gain Control), check into some of the older gear that really works, like the Aphex 320A Compellor, Aphex 720 Dominator II, Symetrix 422, or any of the DBX compressors. I had found that the Eurocom SPL3220 almost did nothing to the signal. It's too bad, as Behringer could have really come up with a box that was a powerful tool, unfortunately, they went in the opposite direction.                
The sound quality for this unit is awesome considering its price tag. It has much better sound quality (a much lower noise floor) than I have ever been able to get with a high quality computer sound card.                
The entire unit as a whole is a 'swiss-army' knife. Have not used the emphasis though. The SCMS removal is nice - it allows old consumer DAT-tapes to be redubbed. Analog RCA Inputs and outputs would be nice to add though.                
Use two of them back-to-back to send 2-channel stereo SPDIF audio through a building's CAT5 Ethernet cabling without picking up any AC hum or distortion. Very easy to use - no learning curve needed. Plug it in and your done.                 
Ask me that a year from now. The unit seems to be well made - has solid extruded aluminum rack mounts that will hold the unit securely in a rack. The buttons and switches seem like they will hold up.                
It's a great price thats affordable for starting musicians, which I believe that it's perfectly priced for this group of people who are most likely to buy this kind of equipment.                 
Easy to understand and use. Did not buy it for looks, but it's LED layouts and controls are easy to see and use.                
I can't see A/D - D/A conversion ever growing obsolete, especially with it's low noise floor. I wish I knew about this unit earlier.                
Best sound-to-dollar ratio DAC in the world?  Maybe. It does sound every bit as good as a Benchmark DAC1 even when driven with a cheezy S/PDIF signal from a cheezy consumer sound card.  I'm impressed.  I really didn't expect this much performance for the price.  
                
It does everything.  DAC, ADC, SRC, digital patchbay- And the connectivity leaves me wanting nothing.  It even has a decent, though not great headphone pre.  I don't know of another product that has this feature set and all of this connectivity.                
Some of the lights and buttons could have been labeled with better, more appropriate and intuitive terms, but I'm used to it.  Took about a day for me to be 100% confident in using it, now it's a no-brainer and I use it with zero lag on my part.                
It's typical behringer, of course.  Dubious chinese build quality all the way.  Cheesy connectors, case and controls.  I wouldn't want to depend on it for a mission critical project, but for my own home use I'm 100% satisfied..As long as it doesn't catch on fire!                
I'd give it a 12 here.  Again, nothing else I know of does all this for 10X the price.                
I've had it a week, haaven't needed support.
                
No sex appeal IMO.  Again, it's typical Behringer.  But the practicality and features made me want it and now that it's here, I'd never want to let it go...Well, when better chips come out I'll sell it.                
I still can't believe it retails for $129 and Behringer AND the retailer both make proffit.  Amazing.                
It's completely silent.                
It gets the DA/AD out of my PC.                
It's a little tricky to set up sometimes. It has forgotten its settings once in a while after a power cycle. But I usually set it and forget it.                
It's never given me any reason to doubt its quality.                
Worth every penny.                
Never had to deal with it.                
Prevents your recordings from sounding like a complete amateur.                
I've had this for several years, and it is great. It's totally silent, and totally reliable.                
The best I've heard so far... big step above my soundcard                
Great features but I wish it had rca outs                
Pretty straight forward                
Heave duty metal construction                
Considering it used to be $400 and now is $129 great deal                
good thorough manual                
Definately looks impressive matched up with my tube amp                
Great deal one of my  best audio purchases                
I am using the SRC 2496 to convert analog audio sources to digital for use in a high school television production studio. Always mindful of financial issues, this equipment has far exceeded my expectations for the cost. It is a great value.                
Gain can be adjusted for analog, but cannot cut/boost for digital.  If digital signal is high, a little distortion may be introduced.  I don't particularly find the "emphasis" all that useful, but your mileage may vary.  It's probably more intended for analog; I should read the manual.                
Top ratings because it does what it is advertised to do; nothing more, nothing less.                
No wall-warts.  This will stay in a rack in the studio.  I cannot attest to its durability on the road, although I don't know why anyone would take it with them.                
For digital-only connections, you'll get more features than the only other item in the price range, the ART DI/O.                
Haven't needed it, but I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt.  However, I wish I didn't have to pay internation postage for the registration card.                
Behringer products look ... like Behringer products.  Surprisingly, aesthetically much better than the older SRC2000.  Of course, not even close to t.c. electronic in visual appeal, but it does what it is supposed to.                
I'll use this until it burns out.                
No difference to highend contenders...                
so many features in one slim module. awesome                
The manual is crap, should be rewritten from scratch.

Better to not read it and just start using: operation explains itself after several trial-and-error sessions                
The only minor quirk: mine gets switched on by an external power switch and sometimes resets some of its previously stored settings (like: digital input chosen last time used)                
no alternative on the market                
Not needed...                
I wanted it - and I own it                
The ADC section is quite clean and flat sounding, with a low noise floor.                
It might occassionally be nice to have standard unbalanced inputs like RCA or TS. Otherwise its got all the features I can imagine needing.                
Although I have heard others claim that Behringer's products are not reliable in their first release, I have never had anything go wrong with this or the other Behringer product that I own.                
This is a good value. The clean sound and the extensive features are pretty impressive given the price tag.                
Don't know how their support is because I never needed it.                
This is a practical unit that solves problems with different sampling rates, and converts to and from digital. It's not the kind of thing that has sex appeal. You buy it for its features.                
For a lot more money you can probably get a slight increase in dynamic range, a tiny bit less jitter, etc. But for anything less than a perfectionist, this is a great product at a great price, and I've been happily using it to make recordings.                
I am impressed. :) Amazing sound quality. Great frequency separation. Lots of power. Solid Monitors. Love them. And the price cant be beat. Get em.                
Incredible. Sound quality is amazing. Incredibly loud too, gotta turn them down when switching from other monitors. Got this along with stands and isolation pads and was able to pay 4 different payments, zZounds is by far the best dealer.                
Very satisfied with these speakers, they sound so clean!                
I do not know if there was something wrong with the pair I got of if it is an inherent poor design. However they picked up interference from everything and were so noisy they could not be used. Lights, WiFi, computer hard drive, power wires and even cars going by caused them to growl snap hum whirl etc. I even got mors code sounds coming over them. Secondly if they are to be used on a table in a recording situation they need to have covers or grills. It would be way to easy to push anything on the table into them and puncture a speaker. The sound when I did hear it was flat and they need volume controls. I am very disappointed in them.                
I think it sounds good. We are a church choir that sings at various venues. We have some other components that I would like to replace for sound issues, but not this board.                
It does everything I need for a group of 7-9 singers and 3-6 instruments.                
The controls are simple and intuitive.                
I had one input channel go out shortly after purchase, but I think it was my fault, over drove it a lot on accident and probably fried something. Never bothered to try and get it fixed because we were OK with one less channel most of the time. Otherwise it stands up to moves from location to location very well, still in the original cardboard box. Probably time to get a better case.                
I think the price/feature ratio on this thing is great. I use the FX processor a lot and it works great.                
I don't really know, never had to use it.                
It is clean, compact and very functional!                
We've had it for 3+ years and will keep it as long as it keeps going.                
This is a great little board for the $.                
I would give it a 10, but feel it needed more Aux sends for my needs.                
Super easy to use, right from the box.                
This is a great little board, built well, and rugged.                
I selected this board because it is the best "bang for buck" period.                
Have had no problems, but anticipate no issue with support due to the quality of the mixer for the $                
The small format makes this a great modular component piece.                
I'll run it till it quits turning on, then probably order another or the newer version.                
This mixer sounds great for the price.                
The effects on this are great.  I have had high school rock bands come and ask me if I could change how their voice sounds.  I also use this in the studio and the presets are great.                
This product is as easy as plug and play.  It takes me 10 min to hook this up.                
The knobs are all different.  Some stick some you don't need to touch to turn.                
I have not used the support yet.                
I think it sounds great, and it does everything that we need it too. The only thing I would like to see change is for the sound person to have controll over the echo amounts. He has to turn the sound down to avoid getting too many echos.                 
everything is great                 
very easy to get sounds. What zzounds needs to do when selling it is to tell the customer who does not have experience that he/she needs a power amp to make it work.                 
made great.                 
I only saw it sell for 10 dollars less than what I paid for it, but I did not have to pay for shipping, which made the diffrence up.                 
very                 
all the sound effects it gives                 
I would replace it ASAP.                 
Significant crosstalk, especially with strong signals.  The effects don't sound all that great.                
They crammed a ton of features into this board!

Faders and knobs are not very smooth or consistent. Signal indicators only light when signal hits about 0dB, unlike Mackie and Allen & Heath boards that have a meter bridge-like single indicator LED that illuminates at different intensities. As mentioned above, the 99 effects are mediocre, but there are two distinct channels/processors!  Could be some more aux sends.                
No complaints here!                
Immediately after I powered up the first board, the effects system started blinking like crazy and sending hissing, distortion, and clicking out the mains, even if I lowered all the FX knobs, master fader. There was no way to stop it (power cycling, holding both effects knobs in). The second board was fine. I returned the first board to guitar center with no problems. The replacement board worked great for 25 days until the same thing happened again!  Found other people with the same issue on some forums.

I would have been able to get past the drawbacks in some of the features, but I can't live with the chance of the effects crapping out again and lots of repairs in the future.  Let me be clear. The board is unusable if the effects systems fails.                
I decided to return BOTH boards to buy two Mackie CFX20 mkIIs. I had bought these Behringers for $499 ea and I decided to drop the extra 500 bucks to get the Mackies at $749 ea.  I'd say that the extra $500 is worth the long term investment for my church.  These get used at least 3 times per week, sometimes every day.  Got extended warranties too.                
Not used.                
Behringer has done a great job with the appearance of their products.                
I have to rate this so low because of two of the same failures in two new boards within 30 days.  If Behringer built a better effects system, these would be GREAT entry-level boards.  Spend the extra dough for Mackie or Allen & Heath.  I wish I did from the start!                
It's not a cadillac but it does the job I've had mine for two years 

we play 3 nights a week i have had no problem so far I do'nt understand why people complain so much for the price it's a good deal, do they know what the are doing                
best deal for the price                
I                 
It'nice and compact                
I think I'll be using it for a long time                
I bought this board to give me the room I need to do a full band.  I have a 12 channel Peavey, which I now hook up to one of the stereo channels, giving me a board for just percussion.  I love the versatility, low noise, optional plug-ins.  I can either go amped, or powered speaker, and the gains remain dead spot on.  Not much change from non/phantom power characteristics.  My only bad on this is the bleed through of the effect channels overrunning the pan/left/right sub-channels.  I like complete mutable control with one slide, and the orange knobs take that away.                
Really Great piece of equipment, easy to use and set up great effects and reliable                
The effects are awesome                 
Friendly Usefull                
Graet quality on design and manufactured                
Great price for what you get                
All the support of the world came with it.                
Is really loveable, design and look                
I believe is one of the best mixing consoles I ever use                
This board allows you to do a lot with it and if you know what your doing and know how to run sound this gives you a lot of board for the value.  This board has a lot of head room and channels are quite.  The only problem I had were the FX did not function but it was a blemished unit.  Had to send back and get another board.                
The Behringer SX2442FX Eurodesk works great in the studio.  Very quiet mixer and versatile.                 
I have been using this mixer for a few weeks in my job as soundman and it has never let me down. I have this one, the 32 channel version, a xenyx 2442 and a Yamaha MG series mixer that I use regularly. While I cannot recommend the Xenyx line for front line use, the Eurodesk line is ready for use in clubs, bars, churches and even at outdoor events. I have used mine at all these types of events with no issues whatsoever. Reliability and predictability of the gear allows me to concentrate on keeping levels straight and making sure nothing gets into the red and this mixer does that. The Xenyx one however, is prone to making noises you can hear through the speakers when you click buttons like PFL/AFL. I actually like using this mixer now because I know where all the buttons and faders I need are located and it has never failed me or even faltered. The sound is transparent as it should be and I have received many compliments (not on the gear) on the sound of the mix acheived using the mixer and Behringer DSP and amps. Some of the other soundmen seem honestly surprised to hear a clean mix come from this gear. It would have to be a pretty bad mixer for it to ruin my mix by itself. Overall it is quite good when used in a live situation. Sometimes I use the Yamaha mixer and QSC powered speakers on the job instead of this and you cannot tell the difference.                
Purchased for my church and was very impressed with the sound quality, number of channels, easy set up and flexibility. I have hooked up a QSC qx5 and powering two Yamaha 2-way speakers and Peavey monitors. Im well pleased with this product. dont understand how people continue to complain about this board especially for the price!!!!                
I bought this mixer because our band is growing, and we all decided to invest in upgrading our equipment. This looked like a great board, all the channels plus two effect engines sounded awesome. After getting this board and unpacking it, it lasted about 4 hours and the effects started to go on and off by themselves, cutting the sound on and off as it did this. It was very strange as I messed around with volume sliders trying to figure out why my sound died and then all of the sudden the sound kicked back in with the volume being way to loud, blowing the horns on my JBL speakers. Anyway the mixer finally just quit working all together after only owning it a few hours, the two effect engine lights remained off, and no sound at all.  I did some research and found this to be somewhat of a common problem that people have complained about. My question is; If this has been an issue for the last several years, why has Behringer not addressed this problem? my suggestion is don't buy it. Not only did I have to return it, but I had to get my horns repaired on my JBL speakers as the result of this product being faulty. zZounds was very good at the return, and I ended up going with a Mackie Profx22. It really looked like a great mixer, but I will be very hesitent to ever buy anything from Behringer again.                
Behringer products are great, until you touch them. I bought this console on a dare, and my friends are paying me back in installments.  The preamps are solid in construction, if you are talking about the construction of a light souffle! Use a feather or a toothpick to move the faders because seriously the wiring in this thing is 1 molecule thick and built by cheap nanobots.  If this console existed in space, operated by a weightless, invisible hand, it would be spec-perfect to a more expensive Mackie or comparable mixer. However, we live on Earth, where components need to resist stress, and last over time.  Everything you have heard about Behringer is true. It works, but all of a sudden, it doesn't!                
All the bells and whistles.                
A clone of a much better product.                
Shoddy components. Cheap plastic things all over it.                 
If you need something for one session and can't borrow something from a friend, buy this, use it once, and throw it in the trash. Your signals will be thin and compromised, but who can't fix it in the mix? I give this a big 2 fir Behringer's constant devotion to spot on mimicry of reliable products.                
You can't get them to help you. They just make things for beginners to use. It's a joke that they are manufacturing products at this high a level.  It's like getting a Formula 1 car from Yugo.                
It's like getting a fake Rolex. Need I say more?                
What a stupid idea. Seriously, what musician or engineer with any self respect would buy anything from this company except for a small accessory or a quick fix? No one with any sense would make a major purchase from this company.                
There is no downside to the sound of this board.  The preamps are transparent and quiet, special effects work great, plenty of headroom...everything you ask a mixer to do for your sound is there.  Making vocals and instruments sound the way they go in is extremely important, and this board is that way.  You can, however tweak everything to get whatever "version" of those sounds you want.                
It would be nice to have two more pre-fader sends, but at this price-point the existing feature set probably makes this too costly. By getting the 24 xlr versin, I create a third mix using the inserts to patch over to other unused channel line inputs.  Then I assign those to a subgroup or two and not to the mains.  The faders can be used to create the third or even fourth mix with some creative experimentation.  Direct outs could be good, but the inserts can be used as d/o, and for me it's enough.                
intuitive, well grouped controls.  well written manual, although I have previouss mixer experience.  I don't think anybody quite matches mackie in this department...user friendly manual, that is.  Behringer Online support is there for any questions. I can't think of an easier way to add a subwoofer than to use this mono out with adjustable volume and adustable lpf...in conjuntion with the adjustable hpf on my behringer eq...unbelievable difference in the clarity and power requirements of my system from this one feature.                
everything is perfect out of the box.  The controls are firm, with the faders the least firm, but very smoothe and controllable.  The fit and finish is on a par with everybody else...just fine.  I am not the least bit worried about the "horror stories" as they have simply become urban legend on the web.  My own personal experience with behringer, and local music store information has laid all these stories to rest around here.  How long will it last?  I don't plan to throw it arouns, so I expect years of usage.                
Hands down winner here.  Nothing else is even close.  You will find some used boards with more sends, but fewer channels, new boards with less of everything, any variation in-between.  Pound-for-pound, dollar-for-dollar..this board has more of the typical weekend-warrior needs covered for less money.                
I have never needed any supports except for simple questions...always a prompt, courteous response.                
It's gorgeous...maybe not exactly like the onyx is gorgeous.  A little more of a retro-gorgeous.  It is not, BTW a close cosmetic copy of the onyx if you are an observent person....a little siver here and there doen't make them look alike in my book.                
I have no inkling to look for a different mixer.  I shopped for 6 months and did extensive research to determine if the internet babble on three very vocal forums was really the majority opinion.  It is not. It is also not based on current information regarding behringer products or business practices. I bought this mixer because I am an educated consumer who knows what I want and what it's worth.  My music sounds better, my bands needs are now met, and this mixer is a key ingredient.  The common recommendation for a small mixer with 16 inputs and 6 sends is around $1000.  That is simply not a player for many folks.  Neither is a legitimate need or technical ability to use 6 sends. This board had 24 mono channels and so many routing options, a competent sound person will find the sends more than adequate for the weekend gig band.  I'd replace it with another one...or add a 2442fx or some xenyx version if the need for a monitor board ever arose...that beside this would be capability well beyond any reality I see in my forseeable future.                
I was very very surprised with this board. The first thing I did was have a custom flight case made for it by Islandcases out of New York and is a great flight case. This board is absolutely underrated. I use Mackie, Yamaha and Soundcraft boards and this board is every bit as good. It has a lot of head room and I like the fact that you can assign the onboard graphic EQ to the auxiliary buses. We use along with this board DBX's Driveracks. AS with anything as long as you take care of it and don't beat it to death it should last a long time. Behringer has come a LONG way. The 24 xlr channels are plenty and the sound is very clear. The British EQ's work exceptionally well with the DBX DriveRacks EQ. The effects are adequate but in all honesty this board would be better without them, it's just one more thing to go wrong and that's with any unit.                
No accessories except for the power  chord. As stated above the effects are adequate but the board would have been great without them as well.

I do wish there were optional gooseneck lights that could be connected to it.                
You will have to read up on this unit to get the best out of it.                
This board is well made. I'm starting to believe in Behringer products. I know their power amps are workhorses and absolutely great. That is the main reason I took a chance on this board. As long as it stays in it's case and not thrown around it will last a long time. It is nice and lightweight. It is road worthy and has been holding up.                
I got it at an EXCEPTIONAL deal. It is worth what the website has it listed for. I would another one if needed.                 
I'm not rating it because I haven't had to use it. I do need to email them about a question I have so we'll see how it gets handled.                
really no sex appeal just a very good mixing board.                
I should be using this board for sometime. IF anything I would look for a bigger board. IF it were stolen I would buy another one just like it. Behringer add optional gooseneck lights!!!!lol                
Actually, all those who complain about Behringer's quality they don't have even a single DI for themselves, in most cases... They just "talking" and they are very sure that can accuse Behringer, because it's just a cheap one company and its very easy to say : "It's Behringer and thats why it's bad...". When they ask for me to rent them my PA system for a live gig, they want to have the Nexo PS15, a Midas mixer, Neumann mic's, etc, and they want to pay 150$ for one night... Well for all those "i know everything and i want the best" guys, i have to tell this : The last 2 years Behringer make some new models that they are REALLY good, just like the Xenyx series. I have 3 Yamaha's digital mixers and 2 Xenyxs and some times i prefer to work with the Xenyxs. I will never buy a Mackie, a Soundcraft, or whatelse insted of a Xenyx. Period.                 
Everything is here. Many more features than others mixers in this category. Very good, very good, very good....                
If you know to work with a pro mixer, you don't have to take even a single look in the manual.                
As far as you power it on and still works it's just fine.                
If you have psychologicall problems when viewing the Behringer's logo, on your gear, take this tag out and put a Mackie one on. Then you gonna have it all...                 
I want to pay and buy something that will work fine and give me back some money. I don't want to pay Mackie's new factory, or the brand new Ferrari of Mida's chief president... After all they are all machines, it's not the meaning of life.                
This mixer works great, I'm picking up the features pretty quick, but theres still a TON that I have to learn. I bought this mixer for my studio, and I havent gotten to use it much with an entire band yet, but that will come later this year. So far I'm very happy with it. The knobs feel nice and firm, the sliders not quite as firm but still not bad at all. The buttons work well, and the effects processors do their job. the sound is really good with my rocket 5 studio monitors, and the whole thing is very quiet.                
The only thing I do not like about this board is it does not have monitor controls for individual channels. If I would have known that I would have went up a step. It wasn't clear about that and the picture wasn't large enough to see that by looking. Would really like to trade for the 3200.                
I bought this mixer only to find out a few months later it dropped channels. I had to pay to ship it to be fixed and when I got it back found out it had lost a group channel as a drummer this was a problem! I will never buy Behringer equipment again.                 
If you are a pro audio guy, like i am.. This thing is junk. if you are a young band looking for something to get you through. this will work well for you.                 
The built in effects are good to have. don't sound too bad.

The pre-amps suck! you have to push it to the limits if you are a loud music group.                
Easy to hook up and use. not a whole lot of Aux outs, but for a small venue, it would work.                
It is a disposible piece of gear. It's cost is great, but repairs cost more than just replacing it. Use kid gloves with this unit.                
The price is right for a toy... cause that is all this is. Learn on it and move on.                
What support!                
The best $25 I have ever spent on my guitar in nearly 30 years. Amazing pedal, it is a shameless copy of a Sans Amp pedal and it shamelessly does it with awesome accuracy. You can't beat this thing with a bat on the price. It's worth 3 times or more that easy. I have a variety of modelers and distortion boxes from Line 6, Digitech, Boss and E.H. even  a couple of stupid priced boutique pedals, this is as good and better than most of them at any price. I have bought a small handful of Behringer pedals recently and they have all found their way into my live rig, the Echo Machine the Reverb Machine and the Shifter/Harmonist are also very note worthy pedals. I don't know how they do it but from what I have heard I would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone, they are an incredible value. As for being made of plastic, so what, it's not like I jump up and down on them, they seem very study and reliable.                
great distortion sound                
mode switch actoin a plus                
duh                
its made of plastic but i had this pedal for almost a year brought it to about 5 playouts and had no problems,course i leave this guy on the whole time!!!                
awesome value,most boxes like this would cost over 90 bucks!!!                
no support needed as of yet                
nice sound great price!!!                
great pedal for the price!!! goes great with my bugera 333 infinium half stack                
It has a warm tube-like sound.  It is very versatile, great marshall, mesa, twin tones.  I run it through a tube amp and a 2x12.  Thick with tons of distortion.                
It has mic placement, different gain positions and responsive bass and treble controls.                  
Easy to get great tones in minutes.                
It has a plastic case so I woundn't jump on it, but it has lasted for the past 5 months no problems                
It is a clone of SansAmp GT-2.  but it cost 75% less.                
never had an issue.                
It is the Jcm900 tone I was looking for.                
I would buy one every month if I needed to.  If it had a metal case it would be perfect.                
The TM-300 gives you a full guitar preamp with bass & treble, master volume and overdrive, and a variety of amp models for $25, which is astounding. You can plug straight into a powered speaker or a PA and get a true guitar tone without having to haul another amp along. It doesn't have the digital delay effects of a Line 6 Pod or a V-Amp, but it does the job conveniently and cheaply in a way that makes it a near necessity for live shows.                
This is a hidden gem AT ANY PRICE!! If the price seems to low. go get the trans amp version of this pedal it cost way more. This is a real deal. IT doubles as a di box or distortion pedal and the tweak ability giv it a wow factor.  I would get it again in a heart beat if i had to. yes its plastic but hey its priced rite.                 
When the description for Behringerâ€™s TO800 Vintage Overdrive pedal mentions the 4558 IC I know they're referring to the chip used in what I consider one of the most iconic pedals in Guitardom. Clueless? Weâ€™re talking about the TS-808, TS9, TS10, TS7, TS5, etc. The TS series is the most collected, written about, and modified pedal out there. I was a relative late-comer to TS mania and it was the early 90â€™s when I got a TS5. Itâ€™s the same circuit as the original but cheaper components, a plastic case, and itâ€™s not a collectable, but it produces the same soft clipped harmonic distortion that the early versions are lauded for. Jump to present and Behringer who produces inexpensive clones of many popular pedals. With my curiosity killing me, I ordered the TO800 and it arrived in two days. I hooked up the TO800 and my TS5 and A-Bâ€™ed them at the same settings. Shazaam, shazaam! I canâ€™t tell the difference. The Behringer TO800 nails it! Yes the case is plastic and battery cover removal is a bit quirky but I use it with an external supply and I donâ€™t throw or drop my pedals. Get â€œthe soundâ€ for a song and a dance.                
Simply a no brainer at this price. After reading many reviews, I gave it shot and was blown away. I put it side by side with my buddy's TS9 and it was virtually identical. The difference was placing the drive past 9 O'clock. At this setting it has a little more distortion which gives it an almost two in one effect. While the TS9's metal casing will hold up longer, I find no reason to spend $80 more for it. The plastic casing is of high quality industrial strength and I have kicked the dung out of it and it has held up. I have a Tubulator MTE-1 which I dislike and never use but decided to use it in unison and the sounds that I can get are amazing. I am running it through my Super champ X2HD and cabinet on the straight tube clean channel 1 and it has turned it into the most versatile amp I have ever had. Behringer has come along way and they are making some good stuff now. Buy this pedal and it may be the best $20 bucks you've spent.                
Of course everyone will compare this with the legendary Tube Screamer. Well let me tell you it is pretty close to being one in the same. I viewed a you tube video of this and an actual tube screamer being played and that was what sold me on this product. Please keep in mind that this is not a distortion pedal it is a tube pedal. It offers a tube crunch sound for the most part unless cranked up then of course it becomes a distortion pedal. I love the tone of it and even though I have an overdrive section on my amp this is much superior to that. Am I worried at all about the plastic housing of it absolutely not and at a price of $19.99 believe me there is nothing to think about.                
Great pedal for the money. This is an awesome little pedal. I am running my PRS Custom 24 through my Marshall MG100FX. Awsome sound. Would give 5 stars if the pedal came with ac adapter. I did not like this pedal not coming with a power chord. You must remember to turn it off if running it on battery power.                
I've had the TO800 for a few months. I'm basically a Jazz Guitar Student who plays mostly clean. However, I was looking for a bit of fatness & sustain without getting into a Metal or 70's Rock sort of tone. The TO800 does the trick by applying a bit of sweet distortion and noticeable sustain. The application of this box makes soloing a bit easier and more controllable than playing totally clean. I'm using an Ibanez ASF75 thin hollowbody on the neck pickup and really like the results. It's Unbelievable for $20 bucks.                
For the price it's definitely worth the purchase. Sounds absolutely amazing. Nice for blues distortion on clean channel and boost on your distortion channel in your amp. The material is made out of plastic. Feels really cheap. Be careful installing the battery. It was a mystery to me. I almost brokeit trying to figure it out. Watch a YouTube video on how to do this. If it broke I would definitely buy another one.                
I have limited use in my country style but when I need it,,,,,,,,it's there in a big way.                 
Standard size, fits my board nicely, nothing bad to add.                
I keep it set to the same settings.                
I have no issues with this nor my other 9 pedals all Behingher.                
Far superior.                
never used it                
I can always use another sound.                
I would replace it.                
This pedal is well worth the effort and money.                
This is a nice pedal.  It's simple to use.  It's got a great sound.  AND it's tougher than you think.                
Works as advertised. You just need to tweak it to your sound of choice. 

As for me, I had to lower the gain setting of my tube amp to make the overdrive work and give your notes some boost and sustain.                 
The drive and the tone to me are the useful settings. I don't like to turn up the level knob high because it makes the amp really noise and it cause too much hiss and hum.                
3 knobs, it's easy as 123 to use this thing.                
It's  a compact size but only thing Behringer could do better is get these pedals changed to metal such as aluminum, which is the case mostly for leading brands of pedals these days.                
ZZounds customer service is outstanding                
I put together a pedal board with 6 Behringer pedals and the PB600 pedal board and didn't even spend $250.00. Yes there plastic and yes there inexpensive and yes there from Behringer but forget about that and try these pedals. As for this tuner well unless your just unlucky or maybe don't know how to tune your guitar even with a tuner this thing is great. Just as good as a boss or any other. I play 100 shows a year and have been using this out on gigs with no problems. It's easy to use and easy to see with a nice bright light and it's at a real attractive price.                
No affect on sound quality.  It seems to also failsafe, when it dies, it still passes signal through.  That's important, so keep reading...                
Seems like a great tuner.  When it works.                
It's a tuner.  Not too complicated.                
Absolutely without a doubt the worst made product in the history of mankind.  Bought one from here at zzounds, brought it to practice, it worked fine.  Brought it to a gig 2 days later on a saturday night, hit it, everything went fine.  Between songs i went to double check tuning, and after i hit the pedal, it acted like i'd just plugged a cable in, then reset.  Every.  single.  time.  RMAed it.  Got a new one.  Brought it to practice.  Worked the first time.  Next time, I hit it, and it starts blinking "0" on the LED, on and off.  The rate sped up over 30 seconds or so, and eventually it just stayed on.  Garbage, complete garbage.                
$30 for a brick.  You're better off at home depot.                
Dunno, zzounds was great for RMAs.                
Sexy products work.  This doesn't.  DNW.                
After years of relying on my onboard tuner on my Alvarez, I purchased a new guitar without a built in tuner. So I decided to grab a pedal tuner for playing gigs. The TU300 seemed to have many of the same features as the BOSS tuner that my friends all use, but at a much lower price. Also, I have had good luck with other Behringer products that I use in my DJ set up so I thought I would give it a shot. This was a MISTAKE. I have not been happy with it from day one. The plastic casing makes me worry that I am going to break it every time I step on it. The battery is a huge pain to change. When it actually works, it takes forever to register the string you are trying to tune. 75% of the time, it won't even register my low e. I would have returned it, but the stream/cent button disappeared after I used it the first show after I got it. I would never buy another one.                
when i rate the sound, i mean how well it actually tunes the guitar, which is pretty good.                
pretty much the same features the Boss tuner has, just a lot cheaper.                
pretty easy to use all of the functions.                
quality is ok, its made outta plastic, so you kinda have to be a little carefull with this pedal.                
for the price i guess its pretty good, however, registering the notes is a bit on the slow side.                
behringer is a pretty good company. They always answered my questions.                
considering i have it, its honestly not the best pedal tuner out there.                
like i said, it tunes your guitar/bass. But it does take a few seconds to register each note, which is a pain to tell you the truth.                
N/A                
INCL. A PURPLE PATCH CORD. HAS 7 TUNING MODES; I ONLY USE 3.                
VERY EASY TO USE; JUST AS EASY AS THE BOSS TU-2.                
METAL BASE,BUT PLASTIC CASE. HOEVER I FOUND THE PRODUCT HEAVY,STURDY BUILT,AND FEEL IT WILL LAST ME A LONG TIME, AS I AM CAREFUL WITH MY GEAR.I AM MY RODIE SO I TRUST IT WILL FAIR WELL GIGING.                
PRODUCT IS WELL WORTH THE ASKING PRICE; BUT HEY IT IS A BEHRINGER!                
HAVE HAD NO NEED FOR CONTACT SO FAR.                
I LIKE THE COLOR,LED S ARE EASY TO SEE EVEN IN LOW LIGHT. FOR THE PRICE IT JUST MAKES GOOD CENTS. AND THE D#+N THING WORKS!                
AGAIN, THE COLOR IS COOL,LED S ARE GREAT, IT WORKS, AND IT COSTS A THIRD OF WHAT A BOSS TU-2 DOES. I THINK I WOULD BUY ANOTHER ONE AS A BACK-UP. ENOUGH SAID!!                
This tuner has sound although it should not have sound, it should be true bypass as stated, and the sound it has, no, its not good                
Yes, its got all the features a tuner should have. I would like to mention the bright blue light which is so strong that the actuall display showing the note is hard to see                
Its difficult to change the battery in this tuner, other than that its just a bit more difficult to use than professional tuners because with the Behringer you don't know if its on or off, so you have to rely on the monitor system or backline, Registering the notes on this tuner is really slow                
Its Behringer quality, if you are lucky it still will work tomorrow                
You get what you pay for, but with this tuner you get even less                
Their support is bad - really bad                
I had it, I gave Behringer a chance. But I gave it as a present to a young beginner and bought myself a professional tuner                
Overall - well it's typical Behringer                
Well, its a tuner, does it have a sound, it should not have a sound but should be bypass, Unfortunately it does have a sound, and this is bad.                
Yes, many features, but in a tuner you only need one feature, this is to be able to tune your guitar or bass. Features is one thing, quality is another.                
This tuner is not easy to use. To change the battery is a major operation, the blue LED is too strong, therefore it is difficult to see the display. Also, this tuner is slow, very slow                
Its Behringer quality, if you are lucky it still will work tomorrow, but I wouldn't bet on it.                
The thing is cheap, but you still get less than what you pay for                
Behringer support is terrible, they do not want to know                
I had it but gave it as a present to a kid that is just beginning to learn guitar.                 
If you want a good tuner, do not buy this one. Actually, do not buy anything with the name Behringer on it if you want quality                
Pretty nice sound but it's disposable. Anything made of plastic, even heavy plastic like this pedal, will eventually break. I'm going to take the electronics out and put in a metal housing and add true bypass to get rid of the cheap housing. Overall, I'm not unhappy with this pedal. It does what it's supposed to do and sounds good. You get what you pay for.                
I could probably get better sound for a few hundred bucks! It eliminated all the ambient noise I was dealing with.                
It doesn't have any features; its a box.                
It would have been easier if I didn't have to find out THAT IT DOES NEED A DRIVER!! That information (and software) would have been useful. (Go to the Behringer website, it's all there right next to where it says "No drivers needed.")                
It's solid as a rock, and lighter than one, too!                
This does what I could've spent a ton of money on. I am finishing up my second CD using this thing! Awesome!                
Again, driver info.                 
It's a square box with a tail; how sexy is that?                
I hooked up a small 8 channel sound board to it and record using Adobe Audition. It is an incredidible value. Very, very happy!                
This product gave me a clearer, better quality sound than my laptop's audio did. Allows me to record from external audio sources in high quality stereo, with minimal noise (-32db and better).                
The features are perfect for getting stereo audio into your laptop (or desktop) via the USB port. Also, it allows me to hear playback from my sequencer on the laptop (via USB in, RCA out to amp) while at the same time allowing me to hear the synth I'm playing (via RCA out to amp), so behaves in a similar way to live mixing, although crude. I couldn't detect any latency at all.                
Let the PC boot up completely, then plug in the device and XP will detect it and add it as a human interface device (just like a USB mouse), no need for additional drivers. Just plug the L/R RCA OUT to your amp, mixer, hi fi, or tape machine and the USB to your laptop. You can use an audio switch box with this device to switch between audio inputs if you don't have a mixer.                
Plastic, but solid feel, fine for the price.                
I paid AU$60 new. Good value product for what it does.                
Have not used support yet, but their website gave a reasonable description and contact info.                
I had to have it for my setup. A practical way to get audio via USB into laptops and desktop pc's.                
This product is a permanent, integral part of my home studio setup, and will be used for the long term.                
I must say the sound on this unit is quite pristine.  I only had to adjust the input level of the USB in my sound profiles under control panel to get the playback at the right volume.  Other than that the sound is smooth and crystal clear.                
It is a very basic unit, I wish it had more features but for $30 you can not go wrong.  I run a boss BR-8 and drum machine directly into the RCA ins on this unit and it works wonderfully.                
So simple to use.  Plug and play truly.                
So far it seems fine.  It is made of plastic however and that is fine with me because it will just be used at home for desktop recording.  I would of course have preferred a metal casing but for the price who cares.                
Again, $30 is pocket change for a USB audio interface.  This is a no brainer if you want a simple unit like this.                
Can not rate this, have not contacted them on this unit.  But I also own a Virtualizer and had some questions regarding it and they were friendly and quick with a response.                
It is kind of cool looking for what it is, I guess.                
I love this thing so far, hope it does not fail.  But if it does, I will just replace it, it is cheap enough.                
It obviously does nothing in the way of processing effects etc, nor has any noise canceling, so there is no sound improvement. I have had no troubles with sound quality whatsoever with this, and being an audiophile that says a lot about the product. Overall, very good.                
Does *exactly* what it says on the tin. Its not the very latest in technology, and certainly not fun to use... but then again it is not designed to be. It is practical and does exactly what it needs to do, and it does it well. On the bonus side, it does have optical out which is very nice to see.                
Its as simple as plugging it in and playing. No problems at all, although I did manage to roll back the drivers... which resulted in needing to reinstall the drivers (there *are* drivers available from the Behringer site) which led to being unable to use it temporarily - I just rebooted and everything was fine again.                
Its a small plastic box. It feels quite plastic and lightweight, something a little more weighted is always nice. The silver is not appealing, black would have felt more professional. Despite this, as I have said it is meant to be practical, not sexy. It feels reasonably tough though, I would have no problems using it on-the-go daily!                
Great value, Its most certainly worth $20... although I can't say that I would pay much more.                
The Behringer site gives all the information required, and really there is not enough features to fail! In most cases (in fact practically all cases) the problem is the fault of the user! Read the manual, notices and FAQs!                
Its not sexy, however it is designed to do a job... A job which it does well. Put it this way, I wanted it therefore I brought it. I didn't buy it because it looks cool or it has the latest technology.                
Does exactly what It claims to do, no more than that! On the bonus side, you gain access to a bunch of software from Behringer upon purchase!                
I am a tango DJ. My Mac "lost" a sound channel and the genius bar suggested this unit which for all practical purposes restored both channels. Much cheaper and better than getting a new computer. I've used it for more than a year, and I never dj without it. Original Tango recordings can be hissy, scratchy and thin, but the Behringer provides much better sound (in Buenos Aires,  other dj's commented on how good my sound was) . Highly recommended. At this price, I bought a second one as backup  and have not had to use it yet.   Phone support was immediate and terrific! One of the best things I ever bought!                
Sounds fine, no problems yet.                
My only real complaint is that there is no easy way to monitor the input through the output. It seems the only real way to do this involves using software playthrough, which creates a good deal of lag. The 1/8" monitoring output helps with this, but it would still be a nice thing to have.                
I was able to set it up and have it running in just a few minutes.                
Plastic chasis, but seems sturdy enough.                
Easily the best you will find for the price.                
No problem yet, haven't contacted them.                
Nothing spectacular. Could add a bit of color to your desktop, I guess. But it certainly isn't fugly.                
Suits my needs perfectly.                
crystal clear, just had to lower it a bit                
does what it does and does it well. i'd prefer it was a 4X4 but that's asking too much. i'd like to be able to separate the volumes for in and out(wait, in never changes does it? *slaps self). i will find out later                
plug

and

play

got me?                
solid product, don't care about it being plastic i'm not a child i know how to treat things. though the top sticker peeled a bit i might have done that thinking i'd paint it i don't know                
30 bucks barely gets me a single shoe. my last one got an ant colony inside it and replacing isn't a problem                
never had to use it, for any of their products. speaks for itself                
looks ugly, but anything not wearing a bikini is ugly to me.                
suits my initial needs to a T, windows linux mac it was useful for anything. as far as i can tell this thing is in it's own category: disposable(practicaly) soundcard                
To configure U-CONTROL UCA202 for laptop with Windows 7 ( which was normally configured for mono mic input ).
(CLICK THE FOLLOWING)
START (bottom left on your screen)
CONTROL PANEL
SOUND
RECORDING
(if your recording has been mono up to this point, the only recording input that you will probably see is a Microphone and if you have your U-CONTROL UCA202 plugged into a USB connector on your laptop, you should then, also see - "2 - USB Audio CODEC" slightly grayed under it).
Double click this icon - (Microphone)
(microphone properties should open)
(and here is where the magic is)
Click ADVANCED
There should be many many choices here to select from.
I have selected "2 Channel 16 bit, 44100 Hz (CD Quality)" for myself.
afterwards - click "APPLY" then "OK".
And NOW - your laptop mono input should see the stereo inputs from your 
U-CONTROL UCA202.
Since most laptop sound card chips, have been designed to get the best sound level using "automatic gain control" and the input to this chip has been designed to be a microphone level, anything louder will be distorted. So you will probably need to open up a portion of your sound card software and make an adjustment to the INPUT level. Normally, you might find a tiny speaker in the lower right area of your screen. After you right click it, you should see something marked "recording devices". After clicking on recording devices, you should see a tiny microphone that has already been setup as the "Default Device". After double clicking this Microphone, you should see either one, or another series of 
selections. Next click "Levels" and that should provide you with a tiny fader bar that you can slide back and forth. Most Microphone levels can be adjusted from zero to one hundred. Since the input to the audio chip can not be modified, 
you will need to slide it down to about 5. After clicking the fader once with your mouse, you should be able to use the arrow keys on your keyboard to increase or decrease the fader value. After setting it to 5, make certain that you select "Apply" then "OK". Setting your input level to 5, will allow you to get a rather nice stereo recording, instead of a distorted one. 
A good source to connect the inputs of the U-CONTROL UCA202, is an external mixer that music and a microphone can be mixed with. An expensive music source device, like a MP3 player, can be connected to one of the external mixers input. There are many different brands, makes, and models of mixers. Some with a series of built-in effects for the voice, such as echo and reverb. 
Dealing with an external USB audio adapter for your laptop is really a first step into mixing and recording your voice with music. And getting a mixer that suits your production and monetary needs, will go a long way too.
If you have a recorder software program, record a few seconds of a stereo sound, then play it back to confirm that you can now record in stereo on your laptop.
If you do NOT have any type of Recorder Software, goto
 - - - http://audacity.sourceforge.net/ - - 
and Download Audacity. The version at this time is 2.0.3...
Its extremely friendly and quite flexible and you can even put the .EXE file onto a flash drive and load it onto other computers.
A lot of people like to save their recordings in the MP3 file format. First time users of Audacity will find that another .EXE file is needed for this part and can also be found at the same "Audacity" location above. There are already, many websites telling you that Audacity does NOT contain any viruses, malware, or trojans. But I 
always create a "Restore Point" before loading any .EXE files in my PC - just a word to the wise.
Have fun everyone.....                
Sounds as good as the tapes that it is digitizing......Very Good                
Everything you need to digitze audio, except the software. I use Audacity, which is free, to create the digital recording.                
You plug it in and it works. (using Windows2000 Pro)                
A plastic box the size of a deck of cards. Has not given me any trouble.                
For less than $30, this is too good a deal. Nothing even comes close.                
Has not needed any yet. But there is info (manual) on their website.                
Very practical, not sexy.                
Highly recommend.                
I have this connected to my iMac to replace the connection from the headphone jack to my mixer.                
A nice feature is an input which I use for my Dell XPS Desktop.  So now I have both Mac & PC hooked to my mixer                
Just plug it in.  No drivers, no hassle.  You do have to change your Sound Preferences.                
It seems pretty well made                
Well worth the price                
NA                
It's not the type of product you normally want to show off but it does its job well in the background.                
Hopefully, this will last for a few years.                
The sound is a HUGE upgrade to the line input recording I was doing.  I record using Audacity and it worked great.                
I really wish it had a 1/4 inch input rather than the RCA inputs.  Other than that it's pretty easy to use.                
Plug and play                
Pretty reliable.  I am on the road with it twice a week and haven't had a problem yet.                
Great value priced entry with great quality.                
Did not deal with customer support                
Ehh...not really nice looking but who needs that.                
I am using this product to along with Audacity software to transfer my Vinyl to my IPod.  For the low price this unit works great, sounds great.  No noise that my old ears could hear.  Well worth the money.                
For the money you can't really expect to many toys in the form of features.  This unit is bare bones but does what it should and that is to allow you to get audio in and out via USB.                
Plug it in and go.  No drivers needed for XP.                
Not a single problem out of the box.  Made out of plastic but thats ok for the price                
Not had to use any so i can't really say anything                
Not pretty but something that works well does not have to be "Pretty"                
I love this thing. Simple to use, works, quiet, allows stereo inputs for my laptop (which does not have stereo sound card) does what is should                
I have a radio show, for which I record live performances of local bands. I've been looking forever for a device or software to optimize using my laptop for ultimate ease and portability. This device, ROCKS!! Awesome sound, and the true blue cure for 'wahwah' when trying to record on a laptop. I had been told I needed a mixer, and someone else told me I needed an external sound card, etc,etc.  This product, which by the way was an awesome deal at a price match with another website (thank you!!) and I would recommend this to anyone in need as I was. Perfect USB device!                
Came with RCA cables.  All I had to do was buy an inexpensive adapter to be able to plug into a quarter inch jack                
See note above. Virtually effortless. Plug and record!                
(no vendor interaction)                
Sounds Great. I run it through a mixng board , sounds way better that going from mixer direct to PC. I would say all of the hiss and noise is cut out. Only thing I her is any abiant noise of the room, which is due to my levels not the interface.                
Its pretty good. There's not a whole lot to it, 2 RCA I/o left and right. And  a headphone jack with a monitor on off switch which comes in handy. Also a optical port, which I dont use, and thats it. It dosnt have a lot but it more than makes up for it.                 
Like I said theyre is not a lot to it. All I had to do was plug in and go, no drivers no adjustment, I record on A Dell 8200 laptop, and it worked perfect.                
The onlyreason I give an 8 is because its made of plastic, Granted Im not going to be throwing it arounf But I would have liked to see at least aluminum. Other than that all the jacks seem solid. I've only had it 2 days though. Real quality is shown over time.                
If you want to run analog recoding equipment to a PC with the best sound possible this is by far the bet way I have tried, and the sound is great, clear and no delay at all when recording.                
havnt needed it, its easy to use.                
Its an interface, Brains over beauty I suppose.                
There are more expensive ways to get a good sound, But if you know what your doing with your recording sdoftware you can get really close to pro sound on this. For the money it cant be beat, I have used units similar to this that cost $300 or more and I cand tell the difference as far as sound quality goes. The only thing lacking would be Features.                
I changed my lap top from an IBM Think pad to a more modern laptop. The new laptop did not have a line in jack! Arrrgh! I bought several little devices that plug into the USB, and they all had problems. I ended up buying a Zoom H4 recorder and audio interface. $300 at the time. A fine instrument, expensive though. I did not want to leave the H4 at the church, so when I was not there, there was no recording. Then I found the Behringer audio interface. At $36 or so, I can leave it on the sound system so that anyone with a laptop can use the system to make recordings. No buttons to push, no knobs to twist, just plug it in. I think I have already reviewed the UCA202. - I bought the UCA222 and I will be testing it this week or next.                
I use this for spoken word recordings.  I connect a mic by XLR to a small mixer, send it to one channel, and connect that channel's output via an adaptor to the left channel input on the UCA-202.  The sound when recording is far superior to what I get if I connect the mixer to the line in jack on my Dell laptop; on playback, through headphone or even on computer speakers, sound quality is noticeably superior than through the native sound card.  My only complaint is an occasional glitch on playback, just a momentary dropout.  I've never seen it happen on recording, though.                
Obviously, for my purposes, I would prefer this come with XLR inputs and phantom power and 1/4 inch jacks, but what do you expect?  Couple it to a Behringer mixer and you get a USB audio interface that satisfies my needs much more cheaply than any alternative.                 
I plugged it into a USB port on my Vista-running laptop, and it takes over input and output duties. Done.                
Kind of flimsy-feeling, but it has held up well for eight months with no problems.  You can't expect a steel case for $30.
                
Well worth it if you need digital input.                
Haven't had to deal with it. The Behringer website provided useful information and software, but it's worked perfectly since I got it.  That's the best kind of support, IMO.                
It's a box with RCA and mini jacks. Oh, and a cord. And a little light. Just a generic USB dongle.  It could be a USB pencil sharpener.                
Until the computer I use for recording comes with a better sound card that this product, I will keep using it.                
I Purchased this unit to transfer my LP's to mp3. It works great. I just hooked up rca cables to it from my stereo out, attached the usb to my laptop. The sound generated is great. I used software by Free sound recorder i obtained from download.com I am very pleased!                
As abvertised the unit works great and ease of operation can't be beat!                
Very easy to configure and use.                
Quality seems good. I was surprised.                
Very nice value. Units i found at best buy were 3 times the price.                
Havent had to use support yet.                
It is small and easy to use.                
only basic features but they are the necessary and they work perfectly                
very easy - plug and play works, but for VST and Reason download the driver from Behringer's web-site.                
seems solid enough though the headphone output could be a bit more solid                
The best thing for the money - similar products cost around 100 pounds - three times as much                
best 30 pounds ever spent - just needed it for low latency midi recording and a digital input form mu preamp - GREAT!                
don't know if i should give it a 10. sounds very good. i listen through Behringer Truth B2031A active studio monitors and the sound is really nice.                
simple and it works. that's good.                
well, ... it's pretty simple.                
for the price, it's a well made. feels good.                
good price.                 
i'm assuming...                
for the kind of very good music sound i want yes.                
very good interface. simple. windows xp recognizes it automatically, and it overrides other audio out, which was my case.                
I just got done with a nightmare trying to get Lexicon's Omega to work here on my PC. That was a complete waste of $300! This unit does indeed sound just as good (for under $30). This is how to get sound in and out of your computer.                
A true ten as there are no features, no drivers, nothing to muck up the works. Simple, useful sound equiptment, what a concept!                
Just plug it into your USB port. So simple it's just a complete no brainer!                
Though I have little to go on here, I have bought many items with the Behringer name and always been very pleased with their capability.                 
for this price I could justify buying one a month (it would still end up cheaper than that crummy Lexicon).                
I have talked to them on a number of occasions reagarding other equiptment and always found them to be freindly and available.                
It's small, cute, out of the way. What more could you ask for.                
This product is serving me far better than a $300 Lexicon Omega (crap)                
Despite the compact size the sound is terrific.                
Only what you need.                
Connect it....use it....nuf said.                
Can't beat it for the price.                
Little "cheezy" with the plastic case, but it works.                
It does what it's designed to do.                
As long as it keeps working, I'll keep using it.                
For anyone using an older Mac mini or Laptop as an "apple TV"...this product is awesome... digital optical out for full surround sound capability..streaming music and vids to the home theater ...great sound..no latency. Stop using the headphone jack and get the most out of your machine! USB audio codec..not software to install. plug and play!                
NA.                  
Like others, I would have liked to have seen it made from something other than plastic, but I don't entend on treating it very rough anyway.  For the money you just aren't going to find anything better.                
Just plug it up and go.  Nothing to it.                
Again, made of plastic, and the USB cable is hardwired.                
t any better price.                
Haven't needed it for this piece of geer, but I have delt withBehringer before, and they have a has great support team.                
I love this little box.  The sound chip was going out on my Dell laptop, and I use it to play break music with, so had to either find a solution or have the laptop repaired.  I'm glad I chose to buy the UCA202!  Far superior sound quality than the chip inside my laptop, and cheaper than having the laptop sent off for repairs.  I would definately buy another, and intend to do so.                
had problems recording to computer from Fostex Multitracker once I added the Berhinger interface the strange phase style sounds disappeared and I was back in bussiness                
The Interface took care of all the problems. Before, when I recorded onto my laptop, It was overdriving,(sounded kinda like your singing in water). I have clean sound now. I use it on my Behringer mixer, I have also used it on a Peavey mixer also.                 
Just plug it in.                
It's O.K., I wouldn't want to drop it, (It's plastic).                
Way less than other interfaces I found.                
It's hard to talk to someone.                
It's a tool, no more, no less.                
This will be it. It does the job. I'm happy.                
sound is just fine                
has no features, but it is not supposed to

many have said here "has no drivers". well, it actually uses the microsoft usb drivers that come with windows. this is NOT the way to go for people looking to do software instruments, for that you need asio drivers.

comes with no software                
plug it in, duh

seems ok                
nice and cheap                
this is great for laptops with crappy sound i/o builtin and you want something cheap

great to replace laptop i/o

no midi

but you are stuck with windows drivers - too much latency for software instruments with midi                
For some reason, it sounds find on the USB1.1 ports on my desktop, but when used on either USB2.0 port on my laptop, it sends an annoying hum that is above 60Hz and therefore can't be eliminated with your usual rumble filter. It didn't cost much but I wasn't expecting such a problem, especially considering the D-A SNR was listed as being >89dB! I was planning on using this for mobile recording, but now it's relegated to emergency duty.                
A chimpanzee and an intern could figure this thing out. :-)                
It's a Behringer so it's well-built. It does what it does consistently, just not up to a high standard.                
It is cheaper than most items that promise to do the same thing, and therefore is a reasonable bargain. Aside from the hum, or perhaps I should say in addition to it, it delivers great sound.                
I am already searching for another product to do what this one does -- but without hum in a USB2.0 port.                
Accept only line level signals, so it's better to have some kind of mixerwith preamp to accompany - so you could record guitar or mic. Doesn't include limiter or something similar - so be carefull with levels - too much and you'll have nasty clipping (even I don't like it). Better the fidelity of incoming signal - the better result, I think every AD converter would add some static(it has no movement opposed to analog) to the sound (mostly because its hum/hissless)                
I give 5 because I hate RCA plugs, and probably hate them to the rest of my life - I tried to make 1/4 plugs , so i'd had to put it in the bigger enclosure, but during process i burned out little UCA. I really feel myself bad about that. But nonetheless i'll buy second one.                
OK. If you just plug it you will get windows driver (wich is bad). SO you'll have to go the BEHR site and take their ASIO driver. When it came out i was almost crying. I could actually play with REAL 2 ms delay! ASIO4ALL - was liyng to me saying 64ms (actually its about 14ms with ASIO4ALL). Well , for waiting of new ASIO drivers i give 5.                
Its surisingly good built. The output level is good (thanks to the JRC386 amplifiers).                
I bought it for 20$ (the UCA200 version). I really hope these guys have some left for 20$. If not - 50$ isn't that much to pay.                 
Haven't dealt with them. Though here its not the case when warranty will help.                
Neutral. If you want to make sound than it is very appealing.                
Only 2 channels in, 2 channels out. RCA plugs. Good ASIO.                 
sounds great, but i'm not audiophile.                
can't really say much bad stuff about this, though it would be nice to be able to route to the individual L/R outputs and headphones, rather than just a single stereo output and headphone monitor. that is, it'd be nice to see separate outputs for each one rather than having to pan the channels to achieve the same thing.

when i'm not using it for live sound, i use it as my laptop's sound card so i can use optical out. works flawlessly in linux, which is totally awesome.                
plugged in, worked first time in both windows and linux (actually better in linux)                
nothing wrong here -- i use it during band practice and live shows. holds up fine.                
surprisingly awesome for $35.                
smaller than i thought.                
Absolutely atrocious sound.  While the signal maintains harmonic integriy, my immediate gripe is a signal flow issue.  The RCA leads aren't properly grounded, resulting in signal interference and noise modulation... attempted with multiple RCA cables to no avail.  I would rather haul my turntables and mixer inconveniently across the country to a ProTools box instead of using this.                
Theoretically, it has the features one needs.                
I managed to plug in all the cables.  As for getting results?  None.                
It would have a qualty score if it actually sent audio into the computer for recording.                
Biggest mistake of a purchase in my life.                
Contacted Behringer...support was helpful, it failed the resolve the "no-input onto the computer system" issue.                
Giving it a 5 because cosmetically and ideally, it has the appeal.  In implemenation however, it fails completely.                
This thing is noisy. Just moving it around makes noise like a live mike.                
The headphone line out is not loud enough to do anything with.                
Plug it in and it works                
Made extremely cheaply, like all Behringer products, but some of Behringer products actually do a decent job                
Waste of $30.00                
I'm not going to bother to call.                
A small unit like this would be great if it was not so noisy.                
This thing is useless for anyone who cares about pro audio.
I used this product to convert audio from a DVD player to MP3 on my computer. Unfortunately, when I played it back from the conputer, the audio was distorted and unusable for my video project. I haven't given up on this project, but will need more time to add input pads or whatever is needed to get clean audio.
I have a lenovo thinkpad E520 laptop. I bought this product because my laptop does not have a line in input. It suppose to be a headphones/mic dual port, but since it didn't work, i Purchased this product. Luckily it works if I am mixing vinyl records. But for some reason, the SL1 usb won't work concurrently with this USB card...which was my sole purpose of purchasing this item. Still trying to figure out a fix for this.
My main reason for this purchase was to help someone upgrade their laptop PC from a "mic only" input to a "line level" input. It wasn't until after everything was delivered and plugged in that we realized that this USB plug-In was mainly an extension for whatever you already had as a soundcard and not a replacement. Most tower type PC's with a soundcard have stereo miniature phone plugs for the line inputs and output. It seems that this device was built mainly to replace those connectors with the standard stereo phono line inputs and outputs. The entire device works perfectly and the on-board headphone connector is great, but if you're looking to replace your current soundcard "this won't do it", it just extends all the current properties of whatever soundcard you have, into it's own little box. Which means if you want to record a line level into a PC that only has a mic level input, after reducing your input level to about 1, your recording quality won't sound like you're expecting.                
I WAS LOOKING FOR A WAY TO CONNECT MY COMPUTER TO A PA SYSTEM, THE BEHRINGER UCA 202 USB INTERFACE SOLVED THE PROBLEM WITHOUT KILLING MY WALLET. THE SOUND IS MUCH CLEANER THAN IT WAS WHEN I USED THE HEADPHONE JACK ON THE COMPUTER. NOW ALL I HAVE TO DO IS PLUG INTO THE USB PORT AND I HAVE LINE IN AND LINE OUT RCA JACKS.                 
THERE WAS A FREE SOFTWARE PROGRAM WHICH IS ALSO FREE ON THE INTERNET                 
SET UP WAS STRAIGHT FORWARD. INSTRUCTION MANUAL WAS OF LITTLE HELP.                
VERY WELL MADE                
YES IT IS WORTH THE MONEY                
I AM HAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WOULD REPLACE IT IF NEEDED.                
Sounds absolutely clean to me. No buzz.                
No one. That's I wanted.                
Just plug and play. Cannot be more simple. The sound is automatically switch from the sound card to the interface.                
Unbeatable for the price                
I really did not even need the manual, I just connected the uca202 to my usb hub, connected my stereo aux inputs to the 202 outputs, opened up WinAmp double clicked on a song and it worked, I'm baffeled at how it routed through my hub no set up nothing, how does it do that?

I use a laptop and when I get home I just wanted to plug one usb cord into my laptop and have all my "sutff" (keyboard, printer, scanner, external hard drive with all my music I listen to, and now my stero amp via behringer's UCA202.  Reallllly cool.                
Time will tell                
Sounds great for what I need it for.                
Features are exactly what I needed  - nothing more, nothing less.                 
Just plug it in and it works - can't get any easier.                 
Solid.                 
The least expensive USB audio interface that I could find.                 
Being that I didn't needed any support, I can't comment on this.                  
"I needed it".  The 3.5mm jack wore out on my Mac G4.  This product served a perfect solution to the problem.                 
Just wanted to update you guys that are thinking of buying this, it works great so far and It work with Vista 64 bit OS! i just plugged it in and thought oh no, theres an annoying static in the music playback. I may a few adjustments to the latency, restarted my syste and the static is completly gone an dthis sounds just as good as my HIGH DOLLAR Maya Audio card that was a few hundred bucks but is not compatable with vista 64! If your thinkabout buying this an dyou have Vista or Vista 64 BUY IT! It works great!                
There really are no features for this thing, just plug it in and start recording.                
This was very easy to use.                
Behringer was helpful with support and friendly but had not tested this device with Vista or Vista 64.                 
Did what was advertised. It made my dell laptop music sound perfect. Replaced the minimal sound card inside with a great sounding digital to analog converter. Just plug into usb and enjoy the music through your home sound system. Wonderful product,a great buy for triple the price.                
The sound quality is nice as well.  It can be used as its own sound card when plugged into the usb on your computer.                  
It has two rca out/in jacks for recording or playing and a headphone jack.  It also has an optical out cable as well.  It has a lot of software that comes with it, however I had to download it all from the Behringer site.                
It is very strait forward to use.  Simply plug it in and once your computer installs it. you will be ready to go.  Be sure you go into the sound settings to make sure it is checked so you can hear sound from it.                
It seems built well.                
I don't know of any other products that I can compare it to.  You get a lot of bang for the buck with this product.                
The website is fairly easy to navigate to download the software.                
It is small so it does not take up much room.                
This thing is small but packs plenty.  I bought it to go along with my xenyx 1202fx and it works great with it.                  
I purchased this soon after getting the xenyx 1202fx. I wanted something inexpensive to record with. What i found was the uca222. It is very inexpensive and makes it very easy to record to my computer. I know most of the time you get what you pay for but this little piece of hardware is worth every penny and then some. I use windows 7 and this thing works great with it. It is pretty strait forward. It is also easy to hook up other speakers with rca cables. Very easy to use at a very affordable price.                 
Does everything promised with the ease of USB. It does want to tweak an audio hardware setting (something to look out for) easily reset to CU default and device will still function perfectly.                
Pure ear candy. I set it up with Guitar Rig 4, very cool. I downloaded like a million presets. The sound you get depends more on the software you use. With guitar rig, the sound is excellent, almost professional. If you can get your hands on good software, you got it made.                 
It now works in XP, Vista, Windows 7. It's only the interface. The drivers are great, but the software is not.                
The driver setup walks you through.                
It's plastic. Just baby it a little.                
Cheaper than any other usb interface for guitar.                
Never tried, but I heard things.                
It's a dorky peace of plastic.                
It sure beats plugging into a computer sound card. For guitar, USB connections rule. It works fine, it's just an interface, cheap, and I'd buy it again.                
The combo amps  give you multiple hoices for sound, you get one of the 3 for free, buy the others for $15 each but beware that this is ONLY a one person practice tool                
The accessories, like the included Audacity recording program DO NOT work with this unit, you must use the Behringer ASIO and audcity wil not, is not allowed to accept it                
It either works out of the box or you spend a lot of time trying to figure it out, the so called manual leaves a lot to be desired                
It's ok for the price, plastic like everything else these days and I have a hard time keeping the jack cord plugged in.                
This is probably a good value if ALL you want is the ability to play using your computer instead of an amp  beyond that forget it.                
In a  week of asking for help I got one auto response which was download and read the iaxe owners manual. wrote back three times and am still waiting almost a week later                
Like 

I said if all you want is to practice using your computer as an amp it's fine, that is all it does, if you want to record look elsewhere and expect to spend a grand or more before your done, as well as investing weeks or months or longer just learning how to use everything.                
As a practice tool it's probably great, but as a means for recording your tunes forget it, it doesn't really do that, certainly not the way you would hope for.                
The unit works well on the input side, but I agree with another reviewer, the input level seems a little low.  On the output side, it works OK with headphones, but emits a high pitched tone in the background when plugged into speakers for monitoring without headphones.  Thankfully, the recorded sound is fine.                
Pretty bare bones.  Comes with 3 "Guitar Combos" based on Native Instruments Guitar Rig, but you can only select one to keep.  Also, contrary to the documentation you cannot use the Guitar Combo as a VST plug-in to another audio application like the free Audicity tool that is supplied.   The software also does not let you route the output to your soundcard/computer speakers.  You have to physically connect the headphone output which leads to the high pitched tone problem I metioned in the sound rating I gave it.                
This is fairly easy to use, however the Windows drivers are difficut to uninstall (it makes you physically disconnect ALL of your USB devices then reboot your computer).                
The unit itself seems to be made well.                
Its the least expensive one out there.  You get what you pay for.                
The jury's still out.  I have a request in about the high-pitched tone I get while running it into computer speakers.  We'll see if they respond.                
Eh.                
I'm already searching for another product, though I haven't yet given up on this.                
I foolishly bought two of these things, and both products arrived in factory-sealed boxes WITHOUT any CD enclosed (i.e, no drivers, no audio software, no amp modeling, no nothing)!. Unbelievable! It states right in the USer Manual that the product comes with software on enclosed CD and it shows a software CD right on the external packaging. Are these people kidding? I wouldn't buy another Behringer product if they PAID me to use it! They're nothing but absolute amateurs!                
The interface didn't work at all for me, the native instruments would have been great if it was possible to activate the program. N. I. website activation nightmare!!! Beware! I found the UCG102 a pointless endeavor as the quality did not exist and the unit had no long lasting type of design to it more like the box your burger came in.                
The software is impossible to load on to a computer so I can't really tell you whether or not the product works.  I emailed Behringer for some support but have yet to hear from them.  If I figure it out, maybe I'll change the review.                
The sound of this product is terrible, there is alot of altering required to avoid getting a high pitched noise over everything else.

And even then the amp models arent great.
                
The product doesnt do what it says it does, you cannot use the amp models to record through audacity. I have spent weeks trying to fix all the problems.                
Dont bother                
You get what you pay for                
The product is pointless                
I havent tried to contact them
                
I was not satisfied with the product and would not recommend it to anyone.                
The sound is quite good for the price...I usually use it with a wah pedal, but tried it without other preamps and sounded just fine...I use it for recording with guitar rig 4 and it works just fine...                
guitar combos are sort of a demo for guitar rig, so you might want to get the hole soft...I did not use the rest of the package, but it includes also audicity.

Has a jack slot for headphones/speakers, and frankly I've never had to push the headphones volum more than 1/3-2/3, so the preamplification is quite good.

A level switch for boosting the signal can be very useful.

I plug in the headphones slot my speakers, and I still can hear my laptop's speakers so, they CAN work at the same time.                
I don;t know about other users but, in my case, I simply plugged it in and it was ready to go...the product's driver is on the cd, but you might want to upgrade it or so from the behringer site or if you want to use other software than the combos you may want to install the asio4all driver, which you can simply google...                
Plastic, don't be rough.

At this price you would not expect otherwise
                
It is the best item at this price, you will not get better quality sound from any other interfaces at this price, and the only one that's better and near this price would be a line6 pod ux2, in which you have to invest a lot.                
Never had to use it, but they gave me a 24 month warranty
                
sounds comes in, only with line levels though. if you try to run a mic through it you'll have to boost the heck out of the signal                
came with crappy software. crappy drivers.  nearly crashed my computer.  downloaded necassary stuff online, got it working, but corrupted other stuff on my computer that normally works fine. crap.                
i went to school for this stuff and it took me three days to get a signal.                
cheap plastic. gets lost easily, probably broken easy too. mines not broken yet, but then again, the hammer's still in the drawer                
don't buy it.  I've never returned anything to a music store, but i think i just might return this one. like i said, corrupted my computer, and eventually the unit stopped working all together.  i've burned a lot of money on crappy items in my day, but this one takes the cake in my opinion.                 
didn't even bother.  I deemed it crap and all the live support in the world wouldn't change that                
it could easier be mistaken for an hairless albino mouse.. save the time and get a real mouse that eats and stuff                
overall like i said, i went to school for this stuff. i can build and run a studio from the ground up, and if you're panning on buying this unit, you might as well take two twenties and set them on fire. peace                
I bought this unit to record my tapes and vinyl records to mp3. I connected my turntable and my tape player thru a stereo AB switch, plugged my headphones into the interface, used Audacity to record, and with the proper settings in Win 7 and Audacity I was in business. I couldn't be happier with the results. The recording is clear as a bell. Behringer did good!                
I use this with Music Studio app on iPad... (must have camera connection kit, too) It works well but even when used on a PC w/Audacity I find amplification of the signal BEFORE you process will give higher output levels - (no loss of volume on playback as compared to standard mp3) - 
Does exactly what I hoped it would do - convert old DAT tapes to digital files.  Could not be easier to use.  Great price!                
Ordered Fri. PM from zZounds; arrived Tues. AM over holiday weekend for $2.99 shipping.  Can't beat that!  This is a great hardware product.  But unless you are extremely knowledgeable, you may have software problems.  zZounds should include a note with this product, that if you plan to use Audacity, download the latest version, do not use the version on the supplied disc.  The note also should say, "For Windows Audacity users: IMPORTANT!  See the FAQ 'How can I record in stereo?' on the Audacity web site."  I wasted a lot of time getting Audacity to do 2-channel stereo because I was getting only mono and could not tell whether I had a hardware or software problem.                
the UFO202 works as described except for some time/latency "hiccups" that happen the longer I i use it in session. besides that ... it does what it's supposed to do.                
I am very happy with this purchase.                
this mic is built cheap and eat batteris like crazy spend your money one time not twice like me                
For the price, the UM2 is amazing. The knobs on the top are only for volumes, which is not shown, sadly). Either way, totally worth it, sounds great, and works as advertised                
For a small little 2i2 interface its well worth it. i bought one for traveling and collaborating with others and it spot on. a wittle bright and higher frequesncies and on mac i had to create a special auto routing for it on my mac but its spot on behringer made me mad becaue it was not easy to get the Traction & DAW -took months, they never sent a code and i hade to go to customer service which took some time... .                
Ive been playing guitar for thirty years and this pedal screams 80's Metal, Ratt, Vinnie Vincent Invasion, Dokken and countless others. Over the years ive owned about every distortion pedal on the market and this  $25 dollar pedal is as good as any, sound wise. Plastic it is but Metal it screams don't be afraid take a ride into the unknown and release the inner Metal God inside you. It will be the ride of your life!                
I use this in conjunction with a tube overdrive and an old Marshall Govnor. I achieve three levels of drive this way. First is the Tube Overdrive for some overdriven tube amp sounds. Next is the Govnor for classic Marshall sounds and then comes this pedal. I have it set up to sound like a Triple Rectifier on steroids for when I want to get my amp into massive preamp tube breakup and I use it to get classic Van Halen, Santana,  and other heavy sounds. I works great and I never had to do much tweaking to get the sound I want but this pedal is very versatile and playing around with all the knobs can take you from heavy distortion to metal sustained heaven. I highly recommend it.                 
The sounds are incredible, it leaves off where the super metal and the heavy metal are. It has both the mid and high controls with an added mid frequency control that allows you to cut through the mix or make it heavier. The distortion is heavy, in fact so heavy i only put at about   2 o'clock.                
With all the eq it has, its got the best features in Behringer's distortion range  and at this price its hard to beat.                
Its easy to use but it takes a little bit of tweaking to find your favorite sound(What pedal doens't take tweaking anyways?)                
It is sturdy as long as you don't stomp on it super hard but why would you do that anyways. It has lasted me a couple gigs now and its still good.                
Best for this price and more.                
Only had to talk with them once (for a Behringer multi fx-600) and they quickly switched it out for a new working pedal.                
It adds color to my board so its pretty nice.                
I expect to be satisfied with it until behringer comes out with another better distortion pedal.                
This pedal has so much bite and balls.... it sounds just like its 90 dollar competitors... and its 25 BUCKS! True, it's plastic... but for me that's fine since I'm just a bedroom strummer with a practice amp which doesn't give me a metal overdrive... but this pedal is all you need if metal is your goal.                 
i really like it, its the same as the Boss metal zone for way less and it has less his then the boss metal zone!                
it had nothing that came with it, just the pedal!                
really easy if you know the osund you want.                
i have had the ultra metal for about a month and still works, i do worry about the fact that its like 98% plastic!                
for $25 its amazing and the his is lesser then the metal zone                
i have had no issues                
could use like a better name like demon distortion!                
i will keep this as long as it last!                
i woulnt know because i coulnt get it to work! i even called my guitar lesson-place because this was my first one, and i did everything right, and it still didnt work!                
it included nothing except a tiny little panflet of directions (rubbish) and nothing else, not even a battery!                
the directions were a bit of rubbish, it took me about a day to find the battery slot, and it doesnt tell you were it is! this was my first distortion pedal and it SUCKED                 
no, its plastic, i mean, not really quality material                
piece of crap for 30 bucks                
i havent used it                
piece o' crap