Being very new to recording, I was hesitant to spend a lot of money on an interface only to find out that recording was too complex or too time consuming for me. I am 59 and a lifelong guitar player that wanted to capture some of my playing digitally before I get too much older and don't have the dexterity that I now have.
I use GarageBand  and must say that this has truly been a plug-n-play device for me. GB immediately found the UMC202HD device upon starting the app and assigned it automatically as my input/output device. So all I had to do then was set the I/O levels and I was off and running laying down a new track for a song.
I was amazed at how much better my virtual guitar amps sounded with this device. I haven't tried a microphone yet, but I expect that it will be just as pleasant an experience. The pad switch on the inputs is a very nice touch which I immediately found handy. This device seems to be very quiet as well. I would encourage anyone who is on a budget or like me and didn't want to spend a lot of money on an interface only to find out that recording is too time consuming or they don't enjoy it, to buy this interface. If you are planning to spend $100 -$125 on a new 2 channel interface, I strongly recommend that you buy this one  instead as you will not be disappointed. With zZounds excellent returns policy, you have nothing to lose by trying it. I can't speak for the longevity of this device yet,  but at $59, even if it bites the dust in 2 years, I would gladly purchase the same model again or possibly upgrade to a Behringer with more I/O channels if needed. I was using a 2 year old USB Cable/Interface that I paid $40 for because I did not want to spend $150 at the time to find out that recording was not for me. Needless to say, that cable interface  worked just well enough that I figured out how to use GB, but latency was an issue that would occur frequently and I would have to restart GB.  Now I am wowed by the difference in sound quality and have not observed any latency when recording guitar and bass.
I too have not received my Tracktion software key via email even though I registered successfully. I downloaded all of the free Mac plug-ins on the Behringer site but I have been unable to find them in Garageband even after several reboots of the app. I have not contacted support yet, but may do so in a few days. Right now, I am just having fun with what I have.                
Surprisingly good! It seems that Behringer learned something from buying Midas. I get a clean, consistent 48v signal and very little if any noise. The pots are quiet and overall does a great job!                
It comes with the standard feature set that you find with most two channel interfaces, but it does them well.                
*Almost* plug and play. I say almost because no matter what I do, my production office copy of ProTools 11 Still won't play ball with it. But Sonar X3, Reaper, Ableton Live and Studio One all have no problems whatsoever. And, it makes for a great podcasting/Google Hangout interface too! This really is a great little box for someone who wants to start recording on their own to get into things. This with a $60 license of Reaper can get ANYONE recording! I would of killed for a cheap and easy option like this 10 years ago                
I have only had it for a little over 8 months, but surprisingly good! Dunno if I want to count my chickens before they hatch (because it is still Behringer), but I have been pleasantly surprised                
While there are some others that play in this category, I refuse to acknowledge PreSonus. That makes Behringer one of the best buys I've found under $100                
Haven't had to use it yet... in the past they were as bad as PreSonus, but these days, they may be improving. But, no need to use them yet                
While it looks cooler than the other boxes, it is still just a box. The Wow factor comes from the fact that it's actually made by Behringer... and it's actually GOOD! If they keep doing stuff like this, I may buy much more from them                
I got this as a "fluff" item to fill out one of zZounds financing requirements to get an order to a certain total. I didn't expect much given my previous experience with Behringer. But, I do have to say I am pleasantly surprised! Feels surprisingly good in quality (better than PreSonus... which isn't hard... and even better than Focusrite). But, no one cares how an interface feels or looks, just sounds. And... this one does the job well! Totally USB powered and easy to use, with no extras you don't need. Even the knobs and switches feel pretty solid. The *only* thing I would change is to put the phantom power switch on the front, but that is a small complaint.                
I just got this like three days ago I looked at it was like no way this little thing going out preform my m- audio interface then I compared it to the Steinberg ur22. This little monster can do it all. Plus with a db pad cut button and direct monitoring button. Not to even mention the clear crisp direct sound this little monster puts out. And I tested in fl studio,Reason,sonar,cubase, and the mpc software. It's legit I would recommend this little monster to any one. And I'm willing to stand by it. I been producing and engineering 13yrs. Using outboard and other things. O yea and sampling threw it with my phone.                
I'm not new to USB interfaces, but a bit baffled why it's taking so long to get my download code for Traction software. It requires an upload of receipt (which is weird because I ASSUME it means the one from zZounds???) but upon submitting the registration, it says you will receive email, NO EMAIL and tech support is EMAIL ONLY - which translated means I'm likely to receive a bunch of emails with links to the directions that aren't specfic and all say 'you will receive email.' So - at first unboxing I'm not happy with the support of this product. Box itself 'seems' durable, but boy would be nice to use it! I'll update IF I get it working.                
From recording vocal, and guitar stems. Tracking drums. Live monitoring with no latency (assuming you adjust your driver settings) and plugins. It has made countless songs for me already, and I have had no issues. Built like a tank. Would highly recommend UMC style interfaces to any musician seeking the realm of DAW, and plugins.                
For me I have had Zero issues with this audio interface, sounds great too.  almost plug n play, drivers are obviously needed.                
A great 4 channel USB interface for the price. The pre-amps are exceptionally quiet. The perfect unit for my home studio. I had to download the latest driver from Behringer in order to get my DAW to recognize the UMC404HD, but no problems after that.                
Worked flawlessly out of the box after driver installation, but it went downhill from there. Driver has flaked on me since. After installing newest driver I can use it in Reaper again, but output only from left channel. Have reached out to customer support, but haven't heard back as of yet. I feel like I've spent more time trouble shooting this interface than recording with it so far. Records decently when it has worked. If I can ever get it working properly again and without issue it will have been money well spent despite the issues. If I can't get it working properly soon I will try a Focusrite interface.                
This is completely not compatible with Windows 7. Behringer has LIED in their videos, and they made made several versions to please the FCC. Other versions of Windows have a little more luck. But this is made for MAC. They are dfumping it at 99 bucks. And have had several lawsuits settled out of court already. Stay away from this if you have any WINDOWS OS                
I am basing my 10 rating strictly on the keyboard itself and not the software that's included.

The overall design of this controller is brilliant..very solid,compact and simple,but with very smooth controls and fantastic full size keys with semi-weighted action....I am really surprised and amazed by this keyboard!!                
The EnergyXT DAW that came with this keyboard is virtually useless without the upgrade.

The upgrade was a nightmare,as the upgrade is NOT available for download directly from their website!

You pay for the license first,and then you wait for someone from the company to send it to you via e-mail(whenever they feel like getting around to it).

I waited a week for them to send me the upgrade and when I received it,I spent another week trying to install it and it never worked(I have Windows 7).

I finally got my refund,but I'll never deal with EnergyXT again.The DAW's simplicity is nice,but since it is such an unstable program,it's a sick joke....my advice; stay far away from EnergyXT & save your money for a program that is known to work.                
The build quality is the best I've ever seen for the money.                
The keyboard itself is the best value out there.                
Behringer is EnergyXT's distributor,so you'll have to deal with EnergyXT directly....they are helpful,but very slow.                
Its just a midi controller                
no pads, but it has plenty of knobs!                
Its pretty much plug and play, at least on macs.                 
The only real con here is the pitch bend is kindof loud, and the keys make some noise, but the feel is fine and has plenty of resistance.                 
Worth it. 19                
Its bright metallic  red !  Would easily match a nord lead.                
this is a midi controller, so it doesn't have sounds.                
it hasn't worked for me, despite hours of trying with online searches, manuals, forums etc..                
does not sync smoothly to mac.. doesn't connect to midi sound module at all.. very difficult to get any information from their website.  It is mind blowing that the company offers no instructions in their manuals at all..especially for a keyboard with the unusual aspect of not having a  display window...you would think that they would explain various operations in detail since it limited in visual feedback                
ok, i give this a 3 because when i unpacked it, it felt pretty solid..heavier than i imagined..the knobs etc seem pretty tough..BUT..

one of the keys ( A note in middle of keyboard)only works if you push realllllly hard..making the device virtually useless..I will be returning it asap                
the price is cheaper than everyone else, and the product is unusable..what a bargain.                
ok, behringer takes the cake for giving you the run around..no phone numbers..only endless, poorly designed 'support' areas..this aspect may have been the most frustrating of all..even more than the keyboard arriving broken..easily the worst experience I've ever had with a musical instrument company.                
it's red.                
i will return it immediately, and unless I can get any answers from support, I will just get my money back and buy an m-audio controller                
No sound as its a midi keyboard                
Well built for the price                
Works perfect with iPad 2 garageband an with provided software without any problems                
Looks great well built for the price                
Great price for what you get                
None needed                
Works perfect with iPad 2 without any extra power                
A long time                
This thing is awful!! Not only does it simply not work on all 6 strings, but the tone it generates oscillates back and forth if you let the note sound long enough but eventually it will do it anyway. On the highest string you have to nearly break it to get it to make a sound and even then its a weird modulated sound that only lasts for about a second.                
You pretty much have 3 volume knobs and a hi-med-low switch that, to me, does nothing and no way to raise the pitch and octave.                
Not too hard. Getting the battery in is lame. You have to take the pedal cover off. Maybe that's how it is with all of them. I don't know. It's still lame. An old fashion battery door should do.                
Looks like a great pedal. Pretty solid. Doesn't look particularly cheap.                
Seriously I just got this pedal in the mail today after waiting what felt like forever to get it and it turned out to be just awful! I was so excited to get one after having used an octave pedal with my guitar instructor (his was a different brand). I'm returning this one and getting his brand.                
I purchased this pedal as an inexpensive solution to the tremolo found on some of the Fender amps. I was looking at the Tremolo / Pan / Stereo pedal but ordered this one instead. I was hesitant after reading some reviews online that complained of volume drop.I have not experienced any of the volume drop and overall I am satisfied with this tremolo. I could have spent lots more money to get the same effect but this is an effect that is used sparingly. I find it comparable to the other effects I looked at for a lot less cash.                
Not perfect but for the excellent. It does have a slight volume drop if you use to much depth but it is more of a dark sound. I set the depth about two o'clock and it is perfect. All of the classic fender and vox sounds plus everything in between. Great surf, blues, and R&B or what ever. Very quiet and transparent if you don't max out the depth control.                
After buying two other Behringer Pedals which work just fine, I decided to try a Vibrato Pedal primarily because it was rather fun purchasing a stomp box for only $25 bucks.
The UV300 Vibrato Pedal has become one of my primary pedals.  I play at lot of "clean chordal comping jazz stuff" and the pedal gives the chords a rather "vibraphone quality" which is quite beautiful when combined with a little reverb.
.
One of the things to understand is;  The UV300 is NOT a Tremolo Pedal.  It provides Frequency Modulation to the guitar much as a whammy bar does.  That's what it's supposed to do and the pedal does it quite nicely.  Vibrato is Modulated Frequency.  Tremolo is Modulated Amplitude.  Don't confuse the two.  If you're looking for that "Bo Diddley Tremolo Sound" get a Tremolo Pedal.
The pedal is also capable of provided more "radical modulations" to the guitar but as I'm just a humble Jazz Guitar Student playing clean most of the time I'm no subject matter expert on what to do with the more extreme settings. 
Overall, the UV300 is a keeper and a fun device.
This works really well for the price. It's understandable that it came in plastic instead of an aluminum case. I would recommend for at home or for jam sessions, but not to sure for a live set...                
Terrible.  The thing sounds more like a BAD chorus pedal.  I bought it for the "classic" vibrato effect.  It is nothing like the classic 60's, 70's vibrato effects.  The "RISE" control doesn't seem to do much.  And of course for ture "classic" vibrato, you wouldn't want any modulation.  So that is a real problem.                
Behringer is trying to give us the extra option to introduce more or less modulation to give more of a chorus sound, but the "RISE" control didn't seem to do much.  And it really sounded terrible no matter how I set the controls.  I wouldn't clasify the sound as vibrato nor chorus.  Just a trashy cheap sound.                
They tried.                
It was defective.  There was an audible electronic clicking no matter if the pedal was active or inactive.                
No matter what the price, it has to work!                
Don't know                
I wouldn't even use this if I were at the gig and had nothing else to use.  I would just set it aside and play the guitar flat!  That's how bad it is.                
I more than satisfied with the sound.  Distortion, sustain, echo, reverb are very good to excellent.                
Takes a while to get used to.  Download the free editing Window software from Behringer web site, and get a low cost USB to MIDI converter cable to get to really tweaking your sound.                
The power connection is something I fear is going to fail.  You have to plug and unplug it, there is no on/off switch.                
You can't beat this for the price.  About $108 street price.  Get one.                
The web site has manuals, and free editing software.                
I like the various tones that I can achieve without spending a fortune on 'stomp' boxes.  Even the 'touch' wah is very effectivie.                
I would replace it if it was lost, stolen, or broken.                
This thing is the best, it records with the software and sounds killer, perfect size. Its way better than the old models  and for the money. The Germans score again.                
I have had mine for around two years now, and I've used it for many live shows. I like to run mine through tube, or hybrid tube amps using only slight distortion and effects. This pushes the pre amp tubes really nicely in my amps and I can get all kinds great tones. It sounds really good through the clean channel of a solid state amp to. You can use the two out puts to run to two different amps as well, which gives you really interesting tones. This is good to, if all you have is two smaller amps and need to be louder,  just use them at the same time. It has been dropped, thrown in gig bags, and accidentally spray painted and is still going strong.                
I love this piece of equipment. Its easy to dial in a good tone, and sounds huge through headphones. My Ibanez, a friends Strat and an ESP Les Paul copy all sounded great, with a nice tube-like sag and sparkle and loads of sustain on tap.Simple to jam along to songs using the aux jack. Great investment in your playing                
I have been using this unit for the past month. It has been a good replacement to my previous guitar controler. The amp emulations and drive options give me more control and flexibility with the sounds I get from my guitar. I was impressed because I played with another guitar player who used a Twin Reverb. I liked the sound so I played with the emulation and was pleased with the sound and also that the gain gave me very subtle variations in the amount of distortion based on the level of the guitar. There is less flexibility with effects because you are limited to one selection per memory location. The effects are either one or a combination of two effects with three variations the can be adjusted to the saved memory location. 
     I think this is a very good value for the cost but I am continuing to look at other options. It does not use a standard 9 volt power supply but it does with with other pedals I have.                
Just bought this to get cool guitar and bass sounds to record using my Tascam DP-01......So far it seems cool,but I will need time to play with it(I will do that while I am on a glorious 10 day vacation)                
So far,so good....I will need time to tweak it                
Got this bad boy for 26 dollars less than Musician's Friend.....I am done with them and my local Guitarcenter......(They tried to screw me on a Marshall JCM 800 that I wanted to trade for some equipment)                
It is a cool metallic red.....bad to the bone                
THIS LITTLE RED BAG OF TRICKS GIVES ME BETTER TONE Than my ELEVEN RACK !!! And COST ME 100's of Dollars LESS!
 IF YOU Are even just "THINKING" about the Possibility of buying a V-Amp 3,JUST DO IT! I SWEAR That THIS GETS ME CLOSER TO the ACTUAL TONE/SOUND,GROWL That I Wanted the last 30 or so Years!,YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED,I PROMISE YOU! I WON'T BORE You with all the PRAISE I Have for my Lil' HOLY GRAIL ,JUST TRUST ME,IF there are ANY NEGATIVE Remarks posted about this Magic Tool Box of TONE,It's because the Reviewer is doing something WRONG,...From CLEAN to Drop-D Metal,THIS WILL GET YOU WHAT SOUND or TONE You've been LOOKING FOR!                
From CLEAN to HI-GAIN,THIS PREAMP Will GET YOU WHAT YOU WANT TO HEAR FROM YOUR GUITAR!                
 It Look ALOT More COMPLICATED Than it Really Is,BUT,Use it a few hours,Tweak it and It's EASIER Than Most of The Other Units out there, HONESTLY A Very FLEXIBLE Unit that takes you where you want to be without beating your head against the wall! Diff Parameters for Amp models,FX,Cabs,you can dial in ANYTHING You Need                 
EASIER THAN MOST, Use it a few Times,You'll see for Yourself!                
TOP NOTCH,BULLETPROOF!                
BUY THIS AND SAVE YOURSELF A TON of CASH and Save Yourself a BUNCH Of Headaches/Disappointing Performance,THE VAMP 3 WON'T LET YOU DOWN!!                
NEVER Had to Find Out,NEVER HAD ANY PROBLEMS With ANY of the Products of thiers I' have had.                
I LOVE THE HI-GAIN AMP MODELS,This Thing IS AWESOME!!!                
I've had the VAMPIRE Head,The VAMP PRO,and now ,the VAMP-3,..THIS THING KICKS ASS! ANY Tone you want,any Song you Cover if in a Band,that You want the Guitar to sound DEAD ON,...THIS IS WHAT YOU'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR!
 Just Because this Preamp is a little over a $100,It is COMPARABLE To HI $ Modeling Amps/Preamps,I PROMISE YOU,TRY ONE,YOU WILL NOT BE SORRY!!                
A compact and light pedal comparable to the sound of much expensive boutique pedals. 

If you're on a tight budget but looking for high quality sounding analog delay, VD400 would be the best solution.                
Just like any other vintage analog delay pedal, the three control knobs are easy to use and tweak to get the sound you are looking for in an analog delay pedal.                
Its made of plastic, but industrial grade ABS plastic; the same material used on motorcyle helmets, and other impact resistant headgears/safety gears.                
With the price, this pedal is a winner among the analog delay pedals.                
No problem so far.                
Its the sound. Did a test with the Aqua Puss, and couldnt tell the difference when i closed my eyes.                
Works perfectly and sounds great. For 25 bucks I wasn't expecting much but was pleasantly surprised. I typically dont buy " cheap" products but youtube videos on just about all the Behringer pedals sound fantastic. Took a chance on it and glad I did. Gives me that slapjack echo delay I needed to tune in that Johhny Cash/Luther Perkins tone.                 
I've only had this about a month or so, but I like it!! For the money, this thing works like a charm, does exactly what it's supposed to do, nice little slapback-type delay, and gives a nice full sound. I'm sure it could be tweaked to do more, but I was quickly able to zero in on the sound i needed. I use this mainly for harmonica, but it works just as well for guitar. There doesn't seem to be any volume loss when the pedal is turned on. I like the two separate outputs for effect signal and dry signal (two amps is always fun)
Yes it's plastic, but good, thick, sturdy-feeling plastic. I don't foresee that being an issue- simple as not being abusing the gear. 
I'm sure spending the extra $100 or more will give a lot more tricks and variety. I was a little nervous since the price is so low, and these days it's hard to find quality for this price range. So for us musicians who have to make every dollar spent really count, this is great!!
If you looking for a delay and cant seem to find one cheap here it is. from Atmospheric to Rock-a-billy this does it.                 
Got mine today. For 25 dollars I'm very pleased with its performance. Im generally wary of buying " cheap" products but for 25 bucks I took a chance. Bought it to get that Waylon Jennings sound and it delivers. Watched many youtube videos where this cheap pedal performs just as well if not better than the MXR Phase 90. Spent a few hours with it today and very happy. I expected it to be very cheaply built but surprisingly it is made pretty sturdy.                 
Awesome very clear highs and punchy bass love these PA Speakers                
These Shipped Quick Theyre Nice And Sturdy Very Clean The Speakers Boast Exceptional Highs Very Bright! And Good Bass Response We Installed It At My Church With A 1000 Watt Amp (Samson S1000) With More than enought power since these are 150w Program Each And The Amp 500w Each Chanel At 4 Ohms the power drives them wild the sound is impressive i know audio because i engineer! Good Bang For Your Buck!                 
Very good sounding monitor for the price 

I have 8 and have only lost one due to rough handling from falling (magnet shifted)

For the price I couldn't buy the parts to build this for this price 
                
The speaker construction could be a bit more robust in the magnet mounting department 

Which makes this monitor more fragile than most  But if you take care they are fine and hold up well                
Pretty simple plug and play not much EQ needed                 
Great box weak magnet mounting to frame

Sound quality great for the price                 
Great deal for a beginning band or sound company on a tight budget this works 
                
The support was great to work with but in some kind of transition so a replacement speaker basket took 6 months to arrive But support was good 
                
Looks good well made                 
I've got almost a year on my monitors and hope to get at least 1 more out of them before I sell off and update 

For the price I'm very satisfied                 
I have been using Behringer equipment for many years and all have been virtually trouble free.  My bass amp is a Bugera, GMX110 modeling amp, Europower PMP6000 mixer, (2) VP1520 main speakers,(4)  VP1220 monitors, (3) 1800xms mics and (1) 8500 mic,  I also have a Shure Beta 58 mic ($180) and it is no better than my Behringers.  I have also had a Behringer GMX212, GMX210, (3) GMX110 and their 300 watt 15" combo bass amp as well a 6 PA speakers and 12 channel mixer that I lost in a fire.  In all the years I used them (a lot of gigs) I only had to replace the 1/4" input jack on one of the GMX110s.  Admittedly, the tuners were off some, but I used Korg inlines anyway.  I will choose Behringer products over the high priced "top of the line" equipment every time.  First class equipment with a price that a poor country boy like me can afford.                
Highs not that high lows not that low and mids a little muddy, but the price is right. Guess you get what you pay for.                
I have used Behringer speakers before so this was no exception. It's got all you paid for ,Plus. I'd buy them again. I use  my VP1520 PA SPEAKERS with 2 Behringer 18's Subwoofers  and of course my 30 channe; BEHRINGER PMP 6000 and I rock everybody;s world. Lots of POWER.
             .                
Simply awesome on all scores, and in all environments.                
Solid construction, portability, quality materials.                
They're speakers. They work great.                
These are constructed great. I could not ask for better, and certainly not at such a great price.                
This is an awesome deal!!                
I have not called customer service pertaining to these speakers, but I know that zZounds has awesome customer service.                
After much research, I still feel that these are the best choice for the DJ on the go!                
These are great speakers. I do not anticipate and problems with them, ever, due to the units themselves.                
No!                
I play the bass guitar, i sound good!                
It's not hard at all!I never used any other product! Sorry                
Yes!Very Good!I Hope for ever!                
Yes!                
Never!                
Outstanding!No!                
I bought my speakers a year ago OUTSTANDING the sound and clarity is so sharp, you just have to here for yourself, when i do my inside gigs i donot need all 4 of my spearkers just two will do.                
Amazing for the price. Boom Boom gigs out, this sub is perfect for large audience. The sound quality is outstanding. I am thinking to buy another one to send to my country. (Haiti)                
Peefect, everything is OK                
Its like Plug & Play                
Cannot be better than that                
Worth it                
First buy no complaint                
Well made first class material                
No I am stick with Behringer                 
I am by no means a sound specialist, but these subs deliver with the right combination of amps (QSC GX3),frequency crossover, quality speakon cables amd subwoofer. I have tried songs with deep base and explosive sound effects, and long before the amp indicated clipping the walls and ceilings were feeling the deep bass.                 
Ability to daisy chain 2 subs for ultimate punch was sweet.                 
Just plug in to amp and go. Just pay attention to limiters on amp.                
The overall speaker configueration is nice. Two things I would add to make it more to my liking are:

1- Protective rubber covers for edges

2- Make coasters an available accessory. I added 4 with locks and it makes a difference with mobility and keeing the carpet cover higher off ground when there are spills on floors at party.                 
I thing Zzounds made my day with their pricing and shipping cost. I dont have much disposable income and these are worth every penny I spent.                
did not contact                
Just get it, you would not be disappointed.                
I hope to maximize the use of theis product for years to come. I may add another pair of these bad boys to rock larger parties.                
Bought these to replace a set of Harbinger subs. Really liked the Harbingers, but there is NO comparison. These subs have a killer bass response. We play metal/alternative and they are a great addition to our set up. Our sound guy LOVES them. He says the difference in our sound is like night and day.                
They got an 8 on this because all the literature (even the stuff FROM Behringer)says it has Speakon AND 1/4" connectors. Mine has ONLY Speakon connectors. Don't know if it's a mis-print, or mine are oddballs. Either way, I bo 1/4 adapters and all is good.                
Uuuuhhhhhh.....pretty straight-forward...1 in 1 out.....                
Very well made. SOLID as a truck. And MAN are these things heavy. Like around 100-125 lbs. each. But all that weight makes for a GREAT tone!!!                
You will NOT find a better sounding sub for this price. Listened to several all the way up to twice the price of these and they didn't come CLOSE to sounding as good as these.                
I own several Behringer products and have never had a problem with any of them. So I can't comment as to support. I've never had to use it once in the past 10 years.                
Really like the sound ports in the bottom of the face under the speaker.                
Plan on getting a lot of shows out of these. If they were lost or stolen. I would replace them with the exact same thing.                
first off i dont give 10's  because nothing is perfect...  these do sound good.  I have been running them in a live band setting and they are holding up well.  Driving them with 3000 watt rms  amp  2 pair,,   they are  short throw 18's  and i have a pair of long throw  so i have the best of both worlds.  Compact units, Need to add wheels for easy of setup,,  i have experienced better tighter low end when these subs are crossed at or below  125 hz.   overall  very good quality and price  and  by the why the rms on these is only 400rms  so make sure you are running them with clean power of at least 550 rms                 
none                
I bought 2 of these to use in a bar venue where we do live music and karaoke and these are wonderful. Nice low tone and plenty of thump. I have two of them running on a crown xls2000 mono bridged crossed at 118hz. and they sound great. Only have speakon connections so make sure you have the right cables or adapters.
We may get Two more for another venue we work at. I would recommend these to anyone looking for some inexpensive subs.                
I ordered a pair as back ups. Sounds incredible right out of the box (to my amp of course). This pair did the job on the low end for a 150+ gig. Nice and compact but my only thing is its black carpet not vinyl coated. On the other hand, Shipping was great because I got my shipment a day early which was a BIG +. If your on a budget start out with these bad boys.                 
This passive sub is excellent! Has the deep smooth punch I was looking for. The price was perfect and its a nice piece of equipment sturdy, well built pushes the bass across a room!                
Once again zZounds comes through with the fastest shipping, the best products, and quality service !!                
So far I am very pleased with these subs. A little heavier than expected but well worth the price!                
At higher volume the speaker makes a cracking sound,  so our church has decided to continue to use it,   just making sure the volume level is kept to a more normal level where it sounds okay.                
Overall it seems to be a reasonably performing subwoofer,  at low to moderate volume levels.                
Sounds are just fine as long as the volume level is low to moderate.                
Product has major flaw in that all the weight of the speaker bears down on the lower under structure members,  underneath the speaker.   These wooden members are actually not wood but rather weak particle board and therefore subject to cracking and coming loose,  which is exactly what happened to this unit -- cracked and also disconnected at many joints.                
Yes.                
No I have not dealt with the manufacturer.                
Appeal is good,  but only because it looks powerful,  when in actuality it cannot perform to a high level of output due to cracked speaker and cabinet.                
Product was advertised with cosmetic blemish, at a reduced price.  The listing did not include a specific description or photograph of the cosmetic blemish.  When the product was received I noticed significant structural damage at the base of the subwoofer cabinet,  just as the reviews stated often happens with this model.  zZounds stated they would not offer any refund of money, nor file claim with the carrier,  but would only supply a replacement after I shipped the product back to them at my cost,  which would be significant if done properly.                
I just finished building a dual sub woofer box to hold two 18" daytons. My budget wouldn't allow me to purchase those subs at the time, so after some research I discovered these speakers and the payment options, so I took advantage of it. After receiving the speakers I immediately hooked them up one at a time using a nu3000. I immediately noticed the rattling sound. The whole left side of the front buffle wall was vibrating. After investigation, I discovered the box wasn't even MDF. Long story short, the carpet was pretty much holding the box together in both subs. It's been about two weeks worth of glueing and reglueing. I also discovered mold in one of the boxes upon receiving them. On the day of discovering all the issues I contacted customer service, they send a ra number shipping label. I decided not to wait another week on more speakers and to try to fix the problem myself. Because I'm sure I probably would have received another set of low quality speakers. I now have them somewhat together and they sound a whole lot nicer. You get what you pay for. After all my work I'm happy!                
I bought a pair of these to use for smaller rooms.  I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of sound they produced.  We had another band play our stuff so we could get out and listen all through the room, and they kicked a$$.  I powered these with an IPR 1600 Peavey amp, and had them paired with some Peavey SP2's.  They do sound good.  Only down side was the ad and the manual showed them with both speakon and 1/4 in inputs but the y came with only speakons.  Zzounds sent me a set of cables to rectify the situation.  Great service!                
I purchased a pair of these to replace a set of Peavey SP 118's to reduce the volume in our trailer. I was surprised at the quality of sound these speakers put out. I am powering them with a Peavey IPR 1600 amp. they are paired with a set of SP2's. I tested them with our band playing throough them and another band as well, so I could get a good feel for them throughout the room. Medium size room with around 250 people and coverage was good.Only problem was the ad showed them with both neutrik and 1/4 in inputs, but they only came with neutrik. This was easily remedied when I called Zzounds and they immediatley sent two Neutrik cables.                
I am a mobile DJ and I must say I am totally impressed with how AWESOME and CLEAR these speakers sound, I have always liked the sound of QSC but I bought 4 of these barely pushed them with my Behringer iNuke 6000, all I can say is WOW !!!  (after the cops came to my gig to turn it down !!! ) The dual 15's were so nice and DEEP (Great for R&B, Down South Soul & Hip Hop I played for that client) I didn't need sub-woofer and I am VERY impressed, ordering more soon for the club. For the price and sound, built very solid (NOT cheap particle board) you can NOT go wrong...Period. .I can honestly see why so many TRUE artist love a passive set-up instead of powered/active speakers...Especially hearing your voice coming out, which is superb, bye bye QSC..                
I recently ordered a pair of the VP 2520 to daisy-chain with another pair of columns.  They arrived, I added them to the sound chain and fired them up.  As an addition to my existing speakers, the VP 2520's add a new dimension of crispness clarity, punch, and sonic acuity to the music. Vocals are crisp, clear, and the VP 2520's handle the full range of vocals superbly. Until there's opportunity to play outdoors, there isn't a need for sub woofers.  Between the existing columns and the new VP 2520's, there's more than enough bass and bottom end to satisfy.  I can see adding another pair, and using the existing columns as monitors.  Given they're a 2000 watt speaker, an additional pair would be perfect in terms of the wattage I'm striving for, with the PA System.  At present the system is at approximately 4000 watts.  Yes, these are heavy speakers, and a hand truck is a good thing, but when you're dealing with Marshall 1960 Cabs, it's not that much different.  Quality is as one would expect, flawless.  You can pay a lot, for your speakers and get the same sound quality or you can pay what these cost and get the same sound quality...  I recommend these for any level of musician or band, whether just starting out or having been playing out, awhile.                
First, Zzounds give's musicians an opportunity to own good equipment with different payment plans option I've been a user of behringer products now for more than. 10 years..
The speakers sounds great, the delivery was qick ,and you cant beat. The price! !!                
I have been using a pair of the Behringer VP2520 speaker since 2011. I bought a second pair three years so I only use the old one for outdoor gigs. Now the infor:First the VP2520 are carpeted covered over particle board. It is well constructed and the particle board has held up very well over the past seven years. Though the carpet along the bottom of the speaker will wear out quickly.I use the VP2520 with two Crown XLS1000 power amp operating in the mono bridge mode. In the bridge mode Crown rates these amps at 1100 watt RMS. I never run the amps into clipping. Most of the time only the first two LEDs on the meters are lit when I am playing music. Even when used when I DJ high school proms this amp/speaker configuration easily provides sound for 500 plus students. Plus note I do not use the VP2520 below 100HZ. I use to JBL dual 18s operating at 4KW to 6KW. By removing the low end from the VP2520 they perform better. Additionally I use a DBX Drive Rack speaker management system. This help makes the VP2520 sound even better.Issues: Over the years I have had the following issues with my first two VP2520:1. The carpet tears easily. Always keep Elmers glue handy to make quick permanent repairs.2. An internal brace came a loose. It wasn't broken so I was able to fix this issue. See #3. 3. One of the port tubes fell into the speaker twice. The second time I repaired this I took off the grill and removed both woofers. I also found and fixed the internal brace that had come a loose.4. The rubber feet need replacing. The original feet were held in place with one wood screw. I replaced the screw with a bolt, two washers, and a nut. You will have to remove the grille and bottom woofer to complete this task.These were the only issue to come up during the seven years I have been using the VP2520 in my mobile DJ service. I use these speakers every weekend.Simple put, the VP2520 is an outstanding value (at least the way that I use them).I have use the VP2520 along side my JBL SRX tops and the VP2520 did very well.Technical detail: System A: two VP 2520 powered by two Crown XLS1000 BridgedSystem B: two JBL SRX725 powered by one QSC RMX4000.From the listeners stand point there was not difference in the sound. The SRX725s were able to play the same sequence of music 3 dbs louder than the VP2520s. Is 3dbs worth triple the cost? Probably not.                
The product performs very well. I have karaoke business and the speskers provide very good sound both audio and voice.                
utilize speakon connections for connection.                
plug and play.                
Quality is excellent                
The product is well worth the price paid.                
Haven't had to use support for this item.                
Will continue to use product indefinitly. Would replace with like item. Have had nothing but good experiences with Behringer Products.                
Love big but not too big I'm mobile so that is key but quality is everything love these                
Great sub, I use it for guitar and Behringer electric drums.  Also hook my phone and or laptop to it and a Behringer B110D (also great PA speaker).  It sounded OK running my laptop directly to it by means of a 3.5 to XLR cable.  But once I got the Behringer xenyx 502 mixer, it made a big difference.  Before I  had early clipping and had to have my speaker and sub volume almost all the way up to get anything close to loud.  But after the mixer, loud and clear and very powerful!                
I have two of these. I also have two JBL JRX15 on top. These VQ1500D work very well to create a good balance of mid low and highs. If you are looking for something with some real punch I would recommend finding something larger with more power. Overall for the money these subs are well worth the money. They are built well and sound amazing in a small venue.  They tend to clip even when the level is in the mid to lower ranges.                 
I've owned a pair of Behringer B215d speakers for 18 months, and they've held up well, even though as a resident club DJ, I gig with them three nights a week. They still sound great. 
So I already had a good impression of Behringer. I believe they offer lower priced products that are definitely competitive with the higher priced brands.  So recently when I decided to purchase a new sub to add some extra bass to my existing rig, I really didn't consider any other brand. 
I bought the Behringer VQ1500D, and I'm very glad I did.  I can't believe that a sub priced this low offers such great sound! The bass is thumping, and with the Bass Boost function, you can push em even harder. I'm telling you, get one or two of these for your rig you won't regret it!                
so i dj at a bar and needed some bottom end bass i gone with this sub due to i have a set of the vp2520's what i like it the speaker is small and only 400$ and is self power and bass dose sound clean but what i dont like is you turn the level knob just a little bit and the clip light is on so i wish it could have some more of a kick to it but for the price its not bad for a small bar or wedding even a school dance it would work but for mid + size club i would go with something else                 
The behringer VQ1800D Active Subwoofer has an amazing low responce, that's the reason why i purchase another one to match my first purchase, i like it very much and it's very easey to set up. thank you so much zzound and their staff for shipping my order ontime.now i'm using it to my dj sound service and our audiences at the party's are very please with its sound quality.Thanks, jed r.                
I purchased the Behringer VQ 1800 for medium sized wedding venues in which I provide my DJ services. I used it this past weekend in a 3200 sq foot wedding hall with 20 foot ceilings. The Behringer performed very well paired with my 4 powered 12 inch speakers, and reached the dance floor (20 feet from my set up) with punch and full sound. So far, I am more than pleased with this subwoofer.                
Well this subwoofer really does the job, off course there can be another options but for the price range  the quality is just amazing I used it for church or other presentations and it just really surprise me, I play piano and when it comes to combine the bass player drumms and keyboards it works perfectly very clear!!! The only thing that can be better is the cable is to short at least for me.                
Not as loud as I thought it would be however it gives a serious 'thump' to our band's kick drum and bass. We're a working blues band and wanted to add some more bottom end and this sub works just right for us. We're not an overly loud band to begin with, so this gives us some more depth. This will work good in the small dives we play, and when we play big venues and festivals they have their own sound, so this is just right for us.                
The metal grill seems like it should protect the speaker well, and since the Fed-Ex man threw it off the truck onto my driveway, I guess the metal grill works just fine. Not much else to it, a few knobs, a plug and a switch. Simple as can be.                
Plug and play. We are just using this to give more thump to our bass and drums, and not even going through our main mixer for it. Simple as can be. Mic the bass amp and kick drum directly to the unit. Works just right for us.                
Some folks deride Behringer stuff, but I have never had any problems with any Behringer products ever. Bass amps, power amps, mixers, speakers, for many years and never had a problem. All my Behringer stuff always works, never let me down, and even if this unit fried, I would still buy Behringer stuff, based on all the gear I have from them which has been flawless.                
I purchased a scratch and dent unit, and other than the above mentioned issues, it was a great deal on a good product. I'd buy another.                
Never had to call or work with the company, never had an issue with any of their products.                
It's a sub woofer...wow... :-)                
Purchased a scratch and dent. It arrived in a box that looked like it was dropped from a plane, every piece of foam padding broken in little pieces, and the bottom foot broken off and stripped from the screw hole. Manual missing too. However, it was advertised as scratch and dent so with a little wood glue, and a toothpick fixed the broken foot issue. Can't complain based on the discount I received, coupled with 10 minutes of repair work. The unit itself looks and works perfectly.                
Very good speaker for the money.I am selling mine because it was to heavy for a 63 yr old man to be transporting around.But you cannot go wrong with this product.Great strong bass sound coming out of it and when you hook up the other 2 speakers to it, you get a nice rich sound coming out                
Wow factor !!!I added one subwoofer to my DJ system and the lows were very impressive, so impressive, I just ordered another one plus subwoofer poles so each top speaker will have its own Sub. Thank you zZounds for the awesome customer service.                
Pros - These speakers sound great, solid bottom and crisp highs.  Not too heavy to heft onto a tall stand, angled sides tilt for use as a monitor, they can be used as monitors or mains - I use them for both.  Love the metal grille.
Cons - The side handles need to be flat w/ the sides for the speaker to be used as a monitor,  these stick out some.  I'd also like a Speakon jack besides the 2 - 1`/4" jacks, but that's just being picky.                
I received my VS1220 3 days ago and immediately hooked them up. I am running them through a Peavey powered mixer. The power rating for the mixer is 200 watts RMS. When I first hooked them up I was satisfied but not wow'ed. To be fair I needed to spend some time and tweak the EQ to get the sound balanced. Then I decided to run them in bridged mode. This is when they came alive. They needed more power. I am now very pleased with these speakers. This kind of sound from speakers at this price range is incredible. My only small issue is that the highs are too bright and have to be turned way down to balance the sound. They may be better balanced with a compression driver. The final word is "BUY THESE SPEAKERS". For the guy that does occasional DJ'ing or small band gigs- they are an incredible value!!                
Great Sounding Speakers, very light, and have deep bass response, and vocals are crisp through the as well, i have the pmp 2000d mixer/brain/ and i run mics and instruments through these and they are loud and crisp, great products from behringer,  love em,                 
I bought a pair of these to replace a couple 15" Behringer molded speakers. They were just too heavy and I was too lazy to haul them around anymore. I'm doing quieter 'adult' type gigs now, and i don't ned the high power speakers. These speakers are compact, light, and you can carry a pair of them easily. They sounded great at the New Years gig I did, and I never pushed my new Behringer mixer past 4 on mains, and 3 on monitors, using a 900 watt 10 channel mixer. I have an older pair of Behringer VS1220 monitors, and I noticed they have a much brighter high end sizzle, but they also use horns instead of tweeters. So, I do a single solo act and use backing tracks and play guitar and sing. I had two of these set on the stage floor facing out, and two monitors facing up at me. For the dinner set, I was almost only on the monitors, using the mains for filling out the sound. I aimed the mains almost in a baseball diamond pattern, 90 degrees. The people I play for want to hear the music but don't want them pointed at their faces. Later in the evening I cranked the speakers up and they performed well except that I had to crank the high end up on the mains, my new speakers, cuz they didn't sizzle like the older Behringer monitors. These speakers were perfectly matched to the Behringer mixer, and none of the equipment ever seeemed to be strained or distort, even at loud volumes.                
Two ergonomic handles on the sides, easy to lift and compact. However it's worth noting that I did have one handle snap off one of my 3 year old monitors, how that happened I have no idea. When I looked into the hole where the plastic handle went, it looked straightforward to fix. Nice sturdy metal grates, fuzzy animal grey covering, sturdy rubber feet. These guys, like their predecessors, are sturdy and I expect them to last a long time.                
Plug and play!                
For the money you won't find a better made, high quality value for a speaker. I punched these little guys on New Years Eve and they cranked out the volume and low end and it was surprising how much bass they put out. Make sure you get a good high powered mixer to match these guys. 

The manual like with all Behringer documentation was well written, extensive, and clear. The speakers were packed well, plastic wrapped and taped, and had extra padding in the boxes. You get a Behringer bumper sticker in every box. I've heard people slamming Behringer products over the years, and I've only had one speaker arrived DOA. They are well made, sturdy, well thought out, and perform beautifully for the money. I've bought Behringer since 2003 and this is going on seven years of customer satisfaction. I just bought a Behriner GMX110 guitar combo from Zzounds and that also is excellent for the money. Buy it, you won't be unhappy, i promise.                
Behringer uses the same factories as Mackie and other name brands, or should I say the other name brands use Behringer factories for their products?! All their stuff looks unbelievably nice and high quality for the price.  I've been buying Behringer stuff since 2003 and push my equipment hard on special occasions. The stuff works tough, with spirit and keeps pushing out the music as much as I push it. When I was younger I used to worry about name brands now I buy what is the best value for the money. And I think Behringer is getting quite a good name now that they've gotten control of their quality control over production. You will not find a better value for the money. Period.                
Sent them a couple questions and they emailed me back a couple days later. Friendly, informative and made sure I understood the solution. One time I had a failed Behringer effect, and they directed me to a store that sold Behringer, and I received a brand new replacement and the store mailed back the defective unit at Behringer's expense. Good service.                
these speakers look great and sound great. they make me sound sexy! seriously the stuff looks very professional and clean on stage. I've been performing since 1970's and owned it all. this looks as good as any of the stuff on the market.                
I can probably use these speakers for years until I decide to sell them to someone else. The other pair of Behringers I got in 2003 are still going strong in another club down the street! If you're comparing these to another similar size by other brands, save yourself some money and get thse. If you're that worried about the name on the cabs take the grill off and unscrew the logo. But you will love these little guys. They have soul and will work hard for you.                
This is my first time ordering from ZZounds and ordered 2 of the Behringer VS1220f Floor Monitors and I am blown away. The sound is superb. I don't know why people put down Behringer, they put out a quality product, at reasonable prices.                
I love this company, Behringer is the @#$%! I have been building my studio using almost all of their product great value and this speaker sounds great. i bought this for the drummer in my band to use behind him as a monitor                
Good sounding floor wedge monitors.  Not the same quaility as my JBL's but they still sound good and are the fraction of the cost.                
1/4" jack....wish it had speakon                
Plug and play...what else is there?                
Can't answer this yet...only had them for a month now.                
Like I said...for the money you cant beat them                
NA                
I like the wedge design....but there is only one handle on the monitor, makes it sort of ackward to carry.                
As long as they dont blow...I plan on using them forever.                
Excellent sound, excellent quality, excellent value. I'm thinking to buy all sound
system for my Church from Behringer                
We bought these floor monitors for our son's startup band. They require a speaker amp to operate, but look and sound fantastic! One of the great features is the cross connect feature, which allows each speaker to power another. They seemed to be priced on the low end, yet seem to be very high quality. We're new Beringer fans, and will likely go back to them to add to the band sound system.                
These were pretty impressive. Good quality of sound at any volume. Price is nice too. Purchased 4 for our band and was a great investment. I have 2 name brand higher end monitors also and these sound just as good as they do for half the price.                 
Works great. No problems                
I bought two of these. One was to be blemished. The only difference was a small dent in the metal grate cover that did not effect the quality of the product.                
I bought this speaker for our church but did not know that there was not a volume control on the speaker. The quality was good but I had problems when I hooked it to our mixer. It could not handle the extra load of another speaker and therefore " slowed " down the song. I wished it had a volume control but it didn't so that lead me to returning it to the store. The people helped me a lot trying to find ways in which it would work on our mixer. But in the end , I returned it to the store for a refund.                
No, it did not have a speaker cord with it so you had to buy one if you did not have one on hand. Also, as mentioned earlier, it did not come with a volume control knob. The sound was great even though it did not have certain features as mentioned above.                
It did not have a volume control knob to change the output. It would not work well with the mixer that we had at our church.                
When I opened the box and picked up the speaker, I noticed that something was loose inside. I don't know what it was but when I returned it to the store, I did mention that there was something loose inside the speaker.                
The value was good.                
 The people were great to try and find ways to help you with your problems. I would still buy from them.                 
It sounded like a great speaker and it was when I listened to it but it did not mention that there was not a volume control knob.                
The quality of sound was great and the price was good but it did not have a volume control knob on it. And it did not work well with the mixer we had at our church so I decided to return the product which they had no problem with returning it to the store.                
I got a pair of these speakers and they sound awesome. I thought I will need to get a subwoofer to go with it, but to my surprise, I don't need one. These speakers alone have lots of bass and they are long throw, the further you are from the speakers, the harder the thump. Believe it or not, I use these for home stereo and TV surround sound. 
I was a little nervous when it arrived, the boxes show some damaged outside. I was there when the Fedex guy deliver it and I mentioned  to him that there were some damges to the boxes and he asked me to open the boxes infront of him incase there were damaged inside the boxes, but there were no damages to the speakers. They all came in one peace and not a single ding or dent. I was very happy that zZounds use Fedex instead of UPS. I could have ordered these from Amazon, but there were so many horror stories about UPS delivered the boxes damaged so bad that the speakers came in pieces and many had to be sent back. I plan to order the Behringer subwoofer from zZounds soon eventhough I don't need one.
The reason I bought it here is because of so many good reviews about this company and their fast shipping. I am glad I did because it is everything that the many good reviews said about them and I got my speakers in 3 days. I will definitely recommend this company and I will buy from them again.                 
Nice deep bass, the other reviewer is right. Don't need a separate subwoofer. I love these speakers. When I received it the first time, one was defective. Called zZounds at night almost 10pm. They picked up and put an RMA ticket in right away. Got another one by 2 days. I was surprised at how helpful they were. Love the zZound service. I've been using them everyday. They sound excellent, highs and lows and all. Would recommend to buy from zZounds. Would buy it again if they do stop working somehow. Nothing wrong so far. I am very happy with the purchase.                
Just got my speakers,got them hooked up,and wow ,they sound great. Has agood build quality.great bass and highs,would definitly reccomend for a friend to buy.also delivery was prompt and damage free,only took 3 days.                
The sound is totaly amazing it sounds better I think then my mackie 600 watt speakers and i paid three times as much for the mackies.My 1520 vs berhinger the lows are awesome the highs are awesome they sound great for any style of music country rock blues metal jazz i just wish I knew how they did it I will be buying more of there stuff soon      Thank Berhinger                
yes chords                
great sound all the time                
very nice looking speakers                
best bang for the buck                
Have not needed them yet                
tryed them out and had to have them                
for a very long time it will be hard to top these speakers                
Use Behringer gear most of the time. It is good gear at a good price. 
A great buy I will say..however..I purchased a pair but when my order arived I only got 1? Not 2! And I had a gig booked for the same week..I was not notified at the the time of the purchase or anytime after that I would only receive just one..so to say the least it put me in a pinch..it wouldn't have been bad if I'd known before hand that their policy is first come first serve on these restock items but I had to find out the hard way..and as a result they apologized but made no attempt to find a comparable item and satisfy the customer..I can't stay in business doing that and they won't get my business again.                
I personally love the sound. Again, though, I don't play out. This is not something I use for stage. I bought the VT999 solely to warm up the sound and give me good tone response going into my PC. It performs perfectly in that role.
With the gain on the VT999 around 5 to 8 I can get some rich, luscious, overdriven tube sounds. Less if I only want some crunch, or 10 if I want some full-force overdrive. The noise gate on the VT999 works excellently! And it's very simple to use - just like a basic stomp box. It can be barely noticeable or it can chop up your notes if you like that. I keep it dialed back a little and find that it works very smoothly, but effectively. Admittedly, my EMG pickups go a long way towards a noiseless sound, but the VT999's noise-gate adds a perfect final touch.
I haven't tried replacing tubes as I find that I love the way it sounds in my current arrangement. It responds just like older tube-amps I have used in the past, with beautiful tones and rich harmonics. However, after reading other reviews, I am curious to find out what other tubes can do for the tone. The idea of it being a starved-plate pre-amp is not detrimental to my purposes.
Most importantly, the pedal doesn't suppress my guitar's own tones. Those still come shining through no matter how I have the pedal set.
A huge downer, though, is that you simply cannot get a good clean sound. No matter where I set the gain and volume controls, I either get a mild crunch or the sound drops out altogether.                
I find all of the features are well thought-out for a 'cheap' pedal. You have the tube - the heart of the sound - and the EQs and noise gate, and of course a master volume. The bypass switch is very smooth - NO POPS!!                
You have to be an idiot to not be able to use this pedal straight out of the box. You plug it in and set the knobs to whatever you desire. If you've ever used an amp, you can use this thing.                
Well, the casing is built like a tank. It's solid and nothing rattles.
Yes, the knobs are plastic, but as long as you don't throw out of a 5-story apartment window or let your 4-year-old bang on it with a hammer, it should survive most road use.                
For my purposes, this pedal is a great value.                
Haven't had to use manufacturer support.                
Tube-in-a-stomp box ... for under $100.
And it works.
This has earned a permanent place at the front of my guitar chain.
But then ... my name is not Bonnie Raitt or Eric Clapton.                
I'm not a true guitar player - my thing is keys. I have my own little PC-based home studio (doesn't everyone, these days?) and I compose and record my own stuff. I use Elec Gtr to fill out critical parts in certain blues and rock tunes I record, but I have no stage amp and I never play out.
For me, the VT999 serves as a tube-based preamp going into my PC. I have an old Epiphone Strat-style guitar with EMG active PUs. I go from that into a Boss Compressor/Sustainer (CS3) pedal and then into the VT999. From there, I run it through my Digitech rack processor to add a hint of delay if I want, and then into my PC interface (Onyx Blackbird). I use the guitar channels/effects in my recording software to further fill out the sound as needed.
I personally love how it looks. It has a unique, almost retro appearance. But that really bright blue-LED light does annoy the h#!! out of me.                
This is simply the best starved-plate front-end I have heard yet.  This is my first Behringer product, and I have no prejudice against the company as many seem to.  I also have built several single- and multi-tube preamps over the years.  This pedal's circuit design is a success.  The stock tube was unimpressive, bland, and murky; but still not the worst distortion sound I've heard.  I substituted an old RCA 12AU7, followed by an old, generic 12AT7.  Wow... Each tube completely changed the character of the pedal.  The tone controls enabled dialing in the optimal settings for each tone.  Mind you, I've had the pedal two days, and I'm running it into a Digitech RP200 (to add a touch of reverb--that's all!) and straight into my PC with its tiny speakers.  IMO, this only increases the challenge for the VT999.  I was extremely impressed at the variety and musicality of the tones I was getting, with little thought or effort.  And I want to emphasize something---many players buy a distortion pedal, crank it to 10, and bang on power chords during their evaluation.  Even the WORST products sound decent when you do that.  The real test of this type of pedal is when you dial it back and listen carefully to how the sound breaks up as you're just starting to overdrive the tube.  Bang a chord and listen as it fades to clean.  Such testing separates the good distortions from the wannabes.  The VT999 does very well in this department.                
The VT999 is simple, straight-forward and does what it says.  I haven't used the noise gate feature yet, because it is so quiet.  It's nice to have, though.  Comes with AC power.  Sweet.                
I haven't read the manual yet.  No learning curve at all.  Just get yourself a Phillips screwdriver and scavenge a few old, used 12A_7-family tubes and do a mess of swap-and-listen sessions.  (BTW--forget about NOS tubes at this point -- until you home in on a favorite, just stick in whatever tubes you can find--stuff you may have pulled from Granny's Philco radio, etc.  If you find one you really like, THEN worry about hunting down a few NOS tubes of that brand.)                
Solid construction outside, absolutely adequate and typical inside.  Nice spring clamp for the tube.  Some find the spring too tight.  Mine seemed just right.                
The sound is fantastic.  BUT it only does one thing, so I think its typical selling price of around $70 is a bit steep.  But IMO it's a pedal you will use a lot, so that must figure into the question of value.                
Unknown                
I don't "lust" after equipment anymore...I'm too old.  This pedal is not particularly pretty, but it sounds incredible.  THAT'S what attracts me to it.                
If lost/stolen, I would immediately replace this pedal.  It makes me want to play, which is high praise.  Since it is simply a distortion pedal, it does need some sweetening with back-end EQ and reverb/delay.  In my experimenting so far, I'm not sure if I would attempt to use it as a DI box, but that would require more testing.  I'm eager to hook it into the effects loop of my Carvin tube amp.  If I had to change anything (practical) about it, I'd be interested to hear a version of this pedal with a higher plate voltage.  I bought this pedal because I know from experience that low-voltage tube circuits can work, but most are executed badly.  The reviews I read told me the VT999 was different.                
The pedal sounds really nice, it's very responsive to even the slightest of changes in the settings. Is doesn't have a really variable sound, as it will always stay quite warm and round, but thats also the case with almost every tube overdrive I've come across...

Someone may dislike the true-bypass on the pedal, but it suits me perfectly...                
The pedal is very straightforward - it has controls for bass,mids and treble, and has level and gain knobs. Also, it has a very usable noise gate with a threshold knob and an on/off switch. The power supply included in the package is also quite reliable, as I've used it with a lot of other pedals...                
Its very simple to make the wanted sound, a matter of seconds, really.

The presets in the manual are quite logical and usable, also...                
The casing is robust and can be kicked around a lot, so its very usable on tours or for constant gigging. I've had it for around 3 years and it survived some 20+ gigs and countless rehearsals. Only thing to watch on are the knobs which are made of hollow plastic and aren't replaceable.

Some pedals also have a faulty tube in them, so try out before you buy them !

Also, the blue power LED is too bright and will annoy the hell out of you if you use it in low-light situations (I've put gaffer tape over it)                
The pedal has a great sound for a very low price in comparison with other tube overdrives out there.                
Never had the need for it...                
It's a love-hate thing with this one - some think it looks very retro and like it, some think it is ugly and looks like a russian sewing machine - a matter of taste on this one.

It could get a better combination of colors, as this dirty-white with a giant black V gives it a cheap look...

In my case, I don't mind the look as long as the sound is right.                
I play a variety of genres (from electronic-rock crossover to grindcore) and this pedal has proved really useable for all of them. If it died on me, i'd buy it again. I may need another dist pedal with a more synthetic metal sound, but this one will remain in the setup aswell.                
I bought 2 and they both have inferior tubes. They barely light up and take 5 mins. to warm up to where there's no static. It muddies your clean tone and there is no touch sensitivity. The distortion is fantastic. Noise gate and EQ are great.                
I already have a good clean tone . I wanted this to add the tube feel to a ss amp. With these tubes it just can't get true clean, even with gain on zero. It is built very well with metal housing and jacks.                
It takes some adjusting to dail in.                
road worthy.                
Half the price of others.                
Have not called yet.                
Fully adjustable tube dist. for my solid state amp. Nice.                
This is worth the extra 10 bucks for a new tube. Maybe yours will have a good one. I am going to try a 12au7 for more clean. I am keeping both of mine.                
Got this to go low gain and sweeten a solid state amp. Put a lower gain tube in 12at7 and it does fine. Really shines when you scoop the mids and crank it, but I don't play that way! If you want 70's rock distortion, look no further.                
Buy this pedal if you want classic vintage OVERDRIVE sound. Then order a JJ ECC83/AX7 from Tube Depot and you will have a nice pedal. The Bugaria tube that comes with the pedal is definitely junk. For only $69.99 this pedal is a steal.                
 this is a great pedal to have around with solid state amps, but it shines when being used along with tube amps. I looking forward to purchasing more tubes. I bought an extra tube when I purchased this pedal since that really is the beauty of have tube devises. You can really experiment more with such pedals and amps and the overdrive is always better and distortion is always better sounding. This pedal is a great entry level pedal into the tube world. But kids this is not a real tube amp replacement. All tube amps are something very special in my book and has got me more way more into playing and sculpting my tone. This pedal is very interesting when you have a few tubes to experiment with. I wasn't that happy with the stock tube with my particular set up. I hope they make more pedals like this one.                
First and foremost,this is a "starved plate" circuit,which means that the 12AX7B Bugera tube that comes stock with the VT999(or any other tube for that matter)is not really getting the adequate voltage to work at full capacity.The good thing about this pedal is that it is a 9volt power supply,and it will integrate easily onto your board.Some would say this is a bad thing because it needs more power.I think Behringer has a winner here,but you need to change out the stock tube because it is a high gain tube,and the signal/notes "choke out" at lower gain/volume settings(which to me is unacceptable)After trying a few different 12AX7 types I settled on the JJ ECC83,which is slightly lower gain than a normal 12AX7.This tube worked for me really well tone-wise although I now have to turn the master volume to at least 8(almost all the way up)so the VT999 can keep up with my amplifier(Bugera V55 head)I bought this pedal to be a substitute for the gain channel on this amplifier which I thought was lacking.I only use the CLEAN channel on this amp and with this pedal,and I am very pleased with the results.Yes,you could probably find a better tube overdrive pedal out there,but it wont be 9volt power,and it wont be $73.00(I bought mine last year for $57.00 so look out the price on this unit is GOING UP...)I believe this overdrive pedal will work best with amplifiers using a 6L6 tube platform running a CLEAN signal into the unit.                
This pedal is very versatile,and all the controls work.For a classic rock sound keep the gain at 2:00 and turn the midrange to about the same,with the bass at 11:00.The treble control really works too so you can adjust the brightness to compliment YOUR amplifier.To achieve a more aggressive "metal" tone,your going to have to put a compressor in front of the VT999,and turn the gain and bass up-while dialing back the midrange.This is surely enough for ME.If you are looking to achieve a "death metal" sound this pedal may not fit the bill,and there are probably better choices for you out there.The noise gate works well,but I don't use it because again the notes tend to "choke out",however if I played a heavier style of music,I probably would use it;anyway it's nice to have it there as an option.                 
This is where this pedal shines.It just can't get any easier than this.I did take a magic marker to it to mark all my settings I use- but hell,I do that to almost ALL my pedals.BTW,a Tube Screamer type pedal after this thing works wonders to get you that "over the top" tube saturation tone.I run my board in this order:cable from amp,tuner,delay,compressor,VT999,Tube Screamer,modulation effects,wah pedal,cable,guitar.Just FYI.                 
I definitely would not beat up on this unit,because the control knobs go all the way into the pedal,right into the circuit board itself.This is not the usual pot/shaft/knob deal here;this is another Behringer "cost cutting" move that I've seen on their pedals before.The circuit board itself looks sturdy enough,and fairly simple.In fact,opening up the chassis and seeing all the room inside makes you wonder why they didn't make the VT999 smaller.??????Things that make you go "hmmmmmmm".....The unit is a steel box,and it seems very durable,just don't be stompin' on the knobs bro.On/off switch works beautiful,never had a problem with it yet.Time will tell.....                 
You can't touch a pedal like this for under $300.00,and it comes with a 9volt power supply and a noise gate built in.You're going to have to do some tube swapping IMHO,although I've seen some reviews where the person says the stock tube works best-not for me though.This is not the best tube overdrive you can buy,but it works for me and the price was right(and still is).For the money this is a steal.                
I don't think Beringer services any of their products,the best you could hope for is a replacement,or warranty from who you bought it from,or send it to Keeley or some some other mad scientist to get it fixed or modded or whatever.                
Beringer products will never have "sex appeal".However,I can tell you that I'm starting to see this unit at gigs-people are using it,mostly as a substitute gain channel on a 6L6 platform.                
I'm getting a really nice guitar tone with this thing,I've tried other pedals(solid state/modeling I.E.:metal zone,crunch box,fuzz pedals,distortions)and they just don't have the harmonic "richness" of a tube powered pedal.I don't really NEED anything else right now,I'm kind of pleased with the sound I'm getting from the VT999.Go figure.                
Seems to work well. Have not compared it to similar product from other brands. Still experimenting with settings.Like the control setup although am concerned about how plastic parts will hold up over time.good value if it holds up well.                
All i got to say is don't let the name fool you. just because it's not a boutique or highly recommendable brand doesn't mean it's trash. I would call it a overdrive/dist driver. It does it very well. I am glad i am here to witness what a good dist/drive box it's. Lets not be arrogant, this is a tube driven box. hello, it will replace some of your drives shockingly.                 
Let me see, tube dist/overdrive, noise gate, decently responsive controls. HHHHHHHMMMMMMMMMMMMMm not bad behringer.                
Fairly easy, it can be versatile and compliment your tone. do not try using a daisy chain with this pedal you'll suck juice and tone from it. don't be retarded, use the power supply given.                
I am giving it an eight only because the knobs are plastic and straight into the circuit. everything else is legit and good quality.                
A good value apart from the knobs. the price, sounds, and options make up for it.                
haven't called. The spring it comes with inside popped. i accidentally pulled hard on it so be careful it is a tube box...hello.                
I have it and like the vintage x-men graphic look alike from a marvel comic book. Born in the '90s.                
If this were stolen i would replace it, it has a good sound. really that's what counts.                
I bought it a while ago and it sounds great to me, but beware: this is most likely of the "starved plate" category of tube drivers, running at a low voltage. Google that if you don't know what I mean.

Other tube drivers like the Seymour Duncan have circuits that really utilize the tubes, but those were too expensive for me.

I went ahead and bought an Electro Harmonix 12AX7 tube after hearing that the behringer tubes are unreliable and sound bad, but personally I liked the stock behringer tube better than the Sovtek (behringer was softer sounding with less high gain) I could definately hear a difference, which means the tube can't be completely for show.

Overall, to my relatively untrained ear this pedal sounds great and gives me what I think is a nice tubey sound, and I'm glad I bought it since my solid state amp's OD can't compare. 
                
The wall mounts are solid and avoids unecessary vibrations.                
The wall mounts are designed for the specific Behringer speakers that I had on hand. Accessories to hold the monitors were included.                
The wall mounts were easy to install with the proper screws from a hardware store. Mounting the monitors to the wall mounts was easy.                
High quality steel, well designed.                
Yes                
No problems                
Nothing sexy about a wall mount.                
I like the product, but the price could br lower.                
I have used this in only limited settings. I am very pleased with its very low noise floor. I have used three different type microphones: condenser, dynamic and acoustic guitar transducer pickup on stringed instruments. The transducer has the worst noise issues but can be EQ'd out fairly well. I also have a dual CD deck feeding into the mixer with no noise issues at all.                
For a relatively small board it has a host of excellent mixing capabilities. I got this unit for its FX capabilities and was not disappointed at all.                
I rate this a little low only because I had to go online and grab a block diagram from another similar unit. The manual DOES NOT come with a block diagram and there are so many nice features to use that without the block diagram it is not at all clear how to use them well. After I got the block diagram and only a little learning curve I have generally mastered the board.                
I have not had it too long but I was nicely impressed right out of the box. Everything seemed very solid-all the connectors, sliders, knob-pots, etc.                
For the mix options available, the flexibility and FX it is a great value.                
This steady mixer sounds great.

As I value ease of use very much so, I bought this mixer, expecting it to deliver me less headache then my former ProTools Set-up.

And it did! ProTools is history for me, now I use this mixer, combining it with the ultimate user friendly production software Energy XT 2.5 Plus. The results are phenominal! Even the reverbs sounds great, ass well as all the other features in Energy XT. My advice to all is, learn to use and experiment a lot with this set-up, and you'll be nicely surpriced how professional it actually works! It made me very happy to finally get rid of my over-the-top Protools Setup and start working intuitive instead. If you go for creativaty and inspiration, and don't want to let it get spoiled by endless menu's and difficulties, then this mixer, together with Energy XT, is the thing for you.                
Comes with standard software Energy XT (producing and recording software), but I bought a seperate package of Energy XT 2.5 Plus software. Together with the 1204 FX USB mixer it works wonderfull!                
In one word...........easy.

And all the highs and lows can be put right in the mix and recording...on the spot.                
Hasn't let me down                
Great value for the money!                
Buy it!                
i was surprised at how well the mic preamps sound on vocals,and the compressors are a sweet bonus. i've only used an allen & heath mix wizard16 live, and was very pleasantly surprised with the performance of the xenex 1204usb. it has made my home recording a smooth operation with the energy xt software, so...if you only need a few channels for live performance, and want to record with ease..you need one of these!!!                
I wanted a USB mixer with effects.  This mixer makes that happen just fine.  In my case, I work from a computer.  I use the USB port to channel sound from my computer into the mixer.  Then output the mixer back into the computer's sound card.   It does this flawlessly.   The effects are nice.  The mixer is good quality.
I wish I had some control over the USB audio.  I don't have any control over EQ or effects on the USB input.  But honestly, this is not necessary.   
The only complaint, if this is even valid, is that if I have a mic muted, with effects enabled, the effects are not muted.  I still hear echo or whatever.  I have to use the slider, not the mute button, to get a clean mute.
I bought this as a zZounds scratch/dent item.  This item was clearly open-box, but it was flawless in every way.  No visible signs of use or damage.  It was a tremendous value.
I wish it has blue led instead of orange.  :)
Overall, highly recommended.                
Once I figured out how to adjust the echo...its been GREAT!                
More than enough for my purposes                
Easy to work with.                
If cared for, should last years                
Pleased with quality for the price                
Haven't had to use as of yet.                
Compact but powerful                
No issues                
i was very curious how happy i would be with the xenex x1204usb, since i've been using an allen & heath 16 channel live for 8 years. but, i have to say i'm extremely pleased with the sound, both live and in the studio, with energy xt2.6 software it's perfect!! the software that comes with the 1204 is energy xt compact, which you can use to practice your recording, but the sweet part is, the upgrade to energy xt2.6 full version is only 19 euros!! all the other recording software upgrades like ableton etc...are hundreds of dollars. get this package!!!                
It lets me change and corect sound                
I love efect 14 it is pitch so i get a song take the voice change it to higher pitch mute some set my mic on 14 and say something diffrent as i record and it is sweet                
I rate this nine out of ten because iam nine so its hard to figure out but once i have its easy                
This will last 30 more years then i will get a 24 channell mixer                
yes it was worth it                
have not used it but is probly great                
it looks good with the pa its cool and will be even more in case                
28 years then i will make music and will need more channels                
this came with no software included. I believed it was supposed to come with energy xt, , amongst other things, per the behringer website. I got nothing, and now may have to return my mixer to get another one with a box that does include it? hopefully? I am in a bit of a hurry, so this is frustrating. I have a deadline. I still want to work with these products, but I just don't have the time to send things back and forth. I was happy that my call was answered by a live person, but he will have to do some searching to see if I can be supplied with only what was missing, or pack what I have all up again, and send it all back, to play a long waiting game of receiving, then sending out what I had ordered. A bit frustrating, to say the least.                
I was looking for a rack case that had a few spaces available for effects/CD player(s), but also accommodated a top mounted mixing board. This was really the only one I found that suited my needs in the price range I was targeting. The removable top, front and back panels give you great access from every angle and make it easy to quickly change patch cords, etc.                
It's easy to pop off panels and get them back in place. The only complaint I would mention is the cord access holes on the sides near the bottom rear of the case. The spring action to keep them in place or remove them is poorly designed. Spring doesn't stay put and comes out easily. I could recommend not bothering with them since you can easily route your cords by removing the entire rear panel                
Well made and looks good too. It looks rugged and I'm sure will last for many years of gigging.                  
Good price for this style rack.                
I like this case much better than my previous rack mount case, it fits everything I need to take on a gig and makes my system look more professional. Since I'm a solo Frank Sinatra tribute singer I'm almost always on my own at gigs, and this rack makes it easy for me to walk in with one case and a set of powered speakers and be ready to go in a few minutes. Only minor complaint, it is kinda large and a little rough for one person to carry when it's loaded with your gear, since the handles are recessed on the sides and a stretch to get your arms around.                
The sound from the mic inputs are crisp.                 
Plug and play even for the most novice.                 
Seems like it will last for a while, very sturdy.                
For the price this is an excellent piece of equipment. It does what some of the more expensive doesn't.                
Didn't have to use it.                
I love the design; I like that its compact easy to carry around.                
I will use this product until my venue calls for a larger one.                
This mixer is brilliant! I am able to record on my pc with no latency  using the inbuilt 16 bit 48kHz USB sound card . I now use the desk as the main recording source for any instrument with ease and combined with the inbuilt effects some very professional sounds can be easily achieved.

Effectively your pc can be used without a sound card with this  mixer as the sound can be redirected back via the USB return. 

At this stage I do not use this mixer for live gigs but I can tell there would be no issues.                
The mixer has inbuilt effects and  effect send/ return that can be sent  to any channel.

A good compressor is built into each channel.

Phantom power is available for any mics that need it.

There is only one thing I miss - no solo buttons on each channel, but for the standard of features this mixer has I can overlook this.

A Behringer ASIO driver is supplied but I use ASIO4.DLL with no issues so far.                
The controls on the desk are simple to use (even for a novice)

It may take a little while to figure out how to set up effect parameters as the instruction manual isn't clear on this, but again it isn't difficult.
                
The desk is well constructed and attractive with good quality connectors, knobs and faders. The main mix send has gold tipped male XLR connectors.

As long as the unit is stored in a road case for transportation it should fair up as well as any other desk for live work.                
Great value for the features.                
I haven't had personal experience with Behringer yet but a close friend of mine has and he has nothing but praise for the efficient way his mixing desk was quickly replaced ( 3 days) when a fault was detected in it.                
It's a very tidy looking mixer, not too large so it fits well in a home situation.                
This mixer has all the features I require for my home recording and for what I payed for it I am very satisfied.

I chose Behringer under recommendation from a friend who owns a complete Behringer PA system and loves it.                
First of all, the product works as expected.

There is noise at very high gain settings, but it pretty quiet below about 75% of the gain range on any given segment of the mixer.

Used mostly with phantom powered mics and direct boxes with great results.

I thought it was noisier, but it turned out to be some poorly made XLR cables.                
Unbalanced 1/4" Main outs would have been nice, but it works great with XLR balanced line outs...and cheap adapters are readily available.

Bought this for USB track recording for roughly the same price as a 2 channel XLR in/out USB dongle of the same quality.                
The mixer was very easy for me, but for someone not used to mixers, a more detailed manual would have been great.  Also confusing is that the manual covers two mixer models.                
Fit and finish are very good.  I wouldn't take it on the road without a hardcase or a rack box around it (brackets come with the product for rack mounting).                
Yes, at 50% of MSRP or less, it's well worth it.                   
It just works and has a reasonable layout...but it's a generic hunk of gear that does it's job.                
Hope to use it for the next 4 or 5 years...currently I would replace it with the same unit and the same cost.                
I bought this to replace a similar model I have had for several years and needed two extra channels. It is a great mixer with lots of features..and sounds great. Very quiet operation. I know you can only put so many features in a mixer of this size, but I do wish that there were channel mute buttons on it. That, however, does not take away from the excellent value of the product.                
Best mixer I have ever owned hands down.                
Bought this for a one man show using backing tracks and occasional karaoke shows. This unit outperforms my expectations. Feature rich for the price point and everything works as advertised. Very pleased!                
Great little mixer for computer recording or small band                
Built in compression an EQ                
Plug it in and it works                
Everything seems solid and works                
Try to find anything close for the ptrice                
Had a different Behringer mixer that failed, Behringer sent me a new one no problem                
So far so good with this. I just got going with it and I like the quality, onboard effects and preamps and compression. Affordable and pretty quiet for what it is.                
I got my 16 input Behringer mixer this Christmas fro my diabled wife.. I have pwered speakers and this mixer is Great..But, when I got the board (one of my main reasons) was to download the softwire and record on my computerThe specs say (comes with ALL the recording & editing software you meed toturn yourPC inti a  complete high-performance  home recording studio..That was NOT TRUE..On the box it said to doenload FREE software  from Behringer.com and there is no FREE doenloads..My mixer should have came with the mixer like it said..I think it was a trick to get you to buy it and then lied about the software..Never buy anymore music equioment from them again,,I am very angry about this,but thr mixer is good,at least I am trueful,,,RickMcKean                
this little thing will satisty all your needs if you're like me, a one man performer or simple 3 or 4 piece band... I love it.. compressors ... nah.. not what I wanted.. but I use sonar X1 so got kool compressors with it.. great deal for the money...never happened to call the menufecturer so rated it anyway...                
Just from putting the headphones of my choice on AKG k240s and listening that way, I thought the sound was nice and pure. The mic I used was an AKG 414 TLII (the gold one) at least to say this little board did not insult me in any way. Next to the board is my big blue pre Focusrite ISA 430 MK II which is obviously hard to beat. At the end of it all the EQ, compressor, built in effects, its a nice package, and if you know how to use gear properly there should be no problem!                
As far as a compressor goes it does what it does, I have not had it long enough to say what I would use them for.                 
For the money, it smokes!                
I have been doing a lot of recording with this board. The quality of the recording is just as good or better than the Allen & Heath board I've been using in the studio. The preamps in this board are nothing short of amazing.
It is loaded with lots of very useful effects. Reverb, delay, chorus, compression, EQ, etc.
All of the effects are very high quality. The reverb is especially good. Very natural and rich. 
It takes some patients to get it linked with the computer. Be prepared to use a cable to hook up the first time. You will mosr likely need to update the firmware and download usb drivers from Behringer. This is all easy to do and only takes a few minutes.
The PC app is great. Very intuitive. The Android app is also very good. Not as user friendly as the pc app but makes mixing on the fly easy. I prefer the pc app for detail work like fine tuning effects.
Overall, this mixer sounds better than any I've used. I own a Mackie and a peavey. I've used Yamaha, Allen & Heath and other Behringer boards. The only one I've used that sounds as good as this one is the Behringer x32.                 
This is my first sand alone ALL digital mixer so I have nothing previous to compare it to. Having said that my only warning to anyone looking at this is there is a relatively steep learning curve. There is a USB port for multi track recording to a computer or iPad, but the audio signal path is access ONLY thru wifi on a computer, iPad or Android device. Getting past the wifi connection, the depth of control is massive and can be overwhelming. Every channel has built in phantom power if needed, a gate, compressor, EQ, Level, Panning and 4 Aux sends. On a physical mixer, this amount of knobs can look intimidating, and in the digital world it can be equally so. Getting past the complexity, the main reason for this device is the amount of channels and the quality of the sound.  For the price, I don't think anything touches the number of inputs and the quality of the preamps is far greater than the price would suggest. The channels sound clear and clean with no noise even at high gain levels. There are a lot of videos online that give tutorials on how to use this beast and be prepared to watch them as mixer has very little included documentation. But that's what the internet is for right? There is a better manual/web page online as well. It may not be simple, but it a great piece of gear and except for the complexity, I can't imagine anyone being unhappy with this mixer's quality and flexibility. 16 input channels (all individually record accessible), 6 physical aux sends, dozens of effects for delay, reverb, compressor, eq, overdrive, leslie speaker and more, midi and USB connectivity.                
I received two weeks ago and waited until I purchased a tablet to download the X AIR App. It took me 15 minutes to figure out the basic mixer functions. All I can say isWOW!
The music sounds at high volume levels like the band is there. I have it feeding signal to two B15x powered speakers and it so impressive how each instrument is audibly accounted for. The bass notes can be attenuated ratio to mid-high frequencies for spectacularly well balanced sound reproduction. I have set the speakers to neutral settings across the equalizer grid and set the frequency crossover points with the xair personal settings.I will never need to experiment with another mixer. True digital fidelity.                
This mixer works very well. I wish the reverb was a little better but maybe I haven't played around with it enough.                
I'm really happy with the amount of features this thing has. It's got compression and a low cut on each of the mic inputs, a good amount of effects, and a 9 band eq. It has more features but those are the main things I use and can remember at the top of my head right now.

And not only is it a full fledged, versatile mixer, it also works as an audio interface! So that's two for one! You can use it for live performances and also at home for recording. Or even recording at live performances!

I've looked around a lot and did a lot of research and couldn't find such a feature loaded mixer for the same price as this one.

I use this mixer with a shure pg81 mic and behringer b212d speaker to amplify my flamenco guitar. I need something with more control that's why the 9 band eq is so useful. Plus every room and situation is different so that makes the 9 band eq even more useful. A typical 3 band eq just doesn't cut it.

If you play something with a lot of dynamics, the compression can really help to set the right volume level.

The reverb sounds a bit funny to me. I need more time to get used to working it. In some rooms, it sounds great, in other rooms, not so great. I'm sure this is just me needing to work with it more. I've heard other reverbs from other mixers and they weren't that great sounding either.                
It's pretty simple to use if you've worked with mixers before. The layout is simple and straightforward.

You might need to do some reading if you've never worked with a mixer before to really get all the use out of this thing, but that goes for any mixer.                
I'm pretty impressed with it so far. I've had it for about a month now and have been gigging at least once a week with it. Let's see how it works out in the long run.                
I think I got a LOT for the price of this mixer. Well worth the money.                
It looks pretty good to me. Everyone always looks impressed when I take it out to set it up. I guess all the led lights make it look pretty high tech and cool or something.                
I'm really happy with this mixer and won't be needing to upgrade anytime soon. Like I said before, I wish the reverb was better but that could totally be just me not knowing how to use it to it's full potential yet.                
I love the subtle sound changes, that I can elicit from the keyboard and hear with this mixer. My vocals reflect all the modulations I am capable of voicing! If you can sing, this board really does the job. You can modify the effects (reverb etc) and you can fine tune where and how much is employed- GREAT!                
Nine band EQ- FINE! Feedback finder combined with the 9 band EQ reduces the wide swath cutting that occurs with fewer bands!                
Learning curve is short- very short. Instructions are basically 43 pages of basic information in 6 Languages- ugh! You can download the full Behringer manual and you are set to go! I repeat, my Casio PX-560 sounds awesome, crystal clear and all subtle changes are heard in this mixer/ ditto vocals!                
It appears well made. I take great care of my equipment, so I expect it will do very well. Time will tell.                
Best value to cost mixer on the market. I have been in and out of music since 1964!                
No contact                
I could make good music without it! But- I make BETTER music with it!!                
Have had this mixer one week. This is an incredible device. Tons of headroom, crystal clear sound from my piano (Casio PX-560) and great vocals (Shure SM-58 Beta). The effects are very good (you can adjust parameters). EQ (9 band) is great, and the controls feel good- no slop. Compression, works very well, and the feedback finder s a great aspect. In actuality this is a 10 channel mixer (6 XLR/ 1/4 inputs) and 4 stereo) But for me this is no problem. The mains are XLR and I wish the monitor out was as well (I use QSC powered). For $249.00 this is an incredible mixer. Time will tell how it holds up. But, I have nothing but praise for this device!                
So far, a really decent mixer. The effects are great. It was easy to set up and get going. I haven't tried to connect to the pc for recording as of yet, but will be doing so soon. Used for a party and 5 musicians with mics, guitars and a keyboard.                
Behringer Xenyx X1832 USB Mixer has been reliable. Very pleased with the performance, I've pushed it to the limit and it performs great.                 
If you don't care about using the USB port for recording, this is a great mixer for the price. However, I am not probably 48+ hours invested in trying to use it for recording. Have tried their EnergyX SW that came with it, and two other recording SW packages I've used successfully with MAudio products, and I still cannot record. Playback was a cinch. But I've downloaded and installed the Behringer ASIO drivers, the ASIO4ALL drivers, and nothing is working. So I'm wondering if I have a bad USB port in this brand new mixer, or what? And I'm a 25 yr veteran with the largest IT company in the world, I know a little bit about computers. :-)                
Can't get the USB to work with recording, playback is fine.                 
Mixing and live sound if fine. Works as it should. Manual could be a lot better in describing how to adjust the FX parameters. Would have been nice if Behringer would have offered a software interface via the USB for adjustment and storing of the FX patches/parameters.                
Quality of the mixer main controls and chassis seems to be fine, probably better than most at this price point                
I'm disappointed I still can't get the USB to work with recording, and trying to make up my mind whether I was to return it or not.                 
Not easy to get answers from Behringer. They force you to search their FAQ on their website.                
It looked good, had all the right functions in a compact mixer.                 
If I can't get the USB to work on recording, I'll have to buy another USB recording device, and would likely choose something that comes with ProTools SW.                
I bought this mixer for live use in my band space and for small gigs so that I don't have to carry my big mixer and effects rack. I love how it sounds.                
The effects and built in compressor are both great features.                
Very intuitive. I played with it for about 30 minutes the day I got it, and had figured out everything that I needed to.                
I've only had it a short while, but it seems sturdy enough.                
For the price, this is about the best thing out there. It also came with some recording software, but I use Pro Tools, so I haven't put it on my computer.                
Haven't had a problem.                
It is much smaller than my other mixer, and it has way more features, though the inputs are somewhat limiting. If I have a big room gig, I will have to carry my full set up to mic all instruments, but for rooms where vocals are all that need to be amplified, this baby is perfect.                
I would buy another if it was stolen.                
great sound for the money. love the new compression control knobs                
mics and music from computer are used most because of karaoke gigs  reverb is also used a lot                
never had problems i have two of these                
Ive had this mixer for about 2 weeks, i love the looks of it, and it is completely functional with plenty of inputs & outputs that you might need. The manual however, lacks something to be desired. Not everyone is a sound engineer, so for those of us who have limited knowledge of inserts, subgroups and so on..not to mention the various combinations of buttons that need to be pressed or left alone...the instructions came up short.  I did manage to learn most of it simply by trial and error....something i don't normally like to do.  So far I am very happy with it, Behringer helps those of us that don't have serious bank to continue with serious music.                
I use this for a karaoke/ live guitar/ vocal on stage. This is more than adequate for a club band and it is very quiet. Plenty of in/outs, dual busses and very professional sounding. Plenty of EQ, just enough monitor sends and it has effects but I don't use them. I use a lexicon effects unit which is much better. If you can't afford an outboard effects unit the built in ones are more than adequate. Most club bands don't need more that eight xlr inputs and there are four stereo channels to boot. F or the price this mixer can't be beat.                
Perfect addition for a home studio. I like being able to record from the mixers usb directly into my computer. Just go to the Behringer website and download the free audio driver so your recording software will recognize it, I'm using Magix recording software.
On the Behringer website hompage: click on support, then click drivers, then click on USB audio driver that has your operating system listed then download and you're ready to go, Now you can use whatever Mic you want along with instruments, you name it, very versatile. Great for a studio on a budget.                  
We've been using this mixer for a few weeks now and are very happy with it.  The effects aren't particularly impressive but are a little better than those on the Mackie CFX12 it replaced and the monitor out is a great deal cleaner.                
Good mixer for this price, I use it for my internet radio show and it give me versatility that I need to record form Mic to computer.                
Came fast and safely packaged. Coming up on my second payment and received a notice about it. Everything works perfectly.                 
I've had it for three days was mad as hell with it. But took some time to mess with it myself. And found out it. Works the only problem I had was recording and hearing the music at the same time. But figured out what it was. On mines don't know bout every one else I pushed both trs buttons in and pow. It was doing the job flawlessly. And I didn't change the driver for it. In sonar x3. Or had to highlight a lane to record. I guess the only time you have highlight lanes is if you are recording with all outboard equipment. Thinking bout ordering one more. You can't go wrong it. Take it from a producer,artist, and mixing engineer.                
It is a great sounding mixer. Almost no noise, great headroom, and great sound coming out of it.                 
The effects processer is great. The four aux sends are more than come in most mixers in this price range. It also has four subgroups, another feature most mixers don't have in this price range. It also has direct outs on eight channels and has inserts on all the channels.                
Very easy to use with any mic or instrument. I've used some different mixers and, apart from and Allen & Heath mixer, this is one of the easiest mixers to understand and use.                
Great preamps. Knobs and faders are good quality and can take a beating. All the inputs and outputs have quality connectors.                
Fantastic value! No mixer I have ever seen in this price range has as many features as does the 2442usb                
Anything you don't understand, Behringer's website has something on it to help you out.                
It has a very beautiful look to it. Behringer redid the colors and look of the 2442usb compared to the older 2442fx, and it looks great.                
I plan on using this mixer for a very long time, as long as it lasts, which will hopefully be a very long time.                
Hey gang. Semi-pro musician here. I have owned various Behringer mixers, amps, headphone amps, and other miscellaneous gear over the last 10 years and I gotta say I love this company! I'm REALLY waiting for the UFX1604 but it's not out yet (Behringer...it's been almost 3 years...hello??). Anyway...my older UB2442FX-Pro had a few channels go out and for the price to fix it I figured might as well get something new. I'm used to the amazing number of outputs, sends, groups, etc., (from the UB2442FX-Pro which is a very similar chassis and layout), but what really intrigued me were the compressors. I have a female vocalist with a LASER like voice. Her dynamic range is very wide which is good (and she does a good job controlling it), nonetheless in smaller rooms I don't want to cause nosebleeds with high volume notes. So on our first gig with the Xenyx X2442 USB, I dialed in compression on her channel to about the 2:00 position. PERFECT! I believe the term for the compression algorithm they use is "soft-knee" which usually means that the compressor kicks in gently rather than those examples you hear where the compressor "breathes" in and out. Whatever the terminology, the compressors on the X2442USB kick in such that you almost cannot tell they're working but they definitely ARE working. Her laser voice is capped and doesn't exceed the threshold and overall, our live performance has indeed been enhanced by the use of the compressors on this board. I love the effects as well. VERY nice reverbs. We don't use the other effects much mainly because we ALSO need some reverb on the keyboards and acoustic guitar...so trying to use the effect that has reverb AND delay wouldn't help us because I don't want that on the keys/guitar (again...waiting for the UFX 1604 which has TWO independent FX processors....Behringer...hurry up and release it!).Another interesting point to be made: I bought this "warehouse resealed" which knocked $40 off of the price. When I received it and opened it and took off the side "bumpers" (since I rack mount my mixers), I noticed about a quarter sized dent in the side of the mixer. I contacted zZounds via email and told them about it and they offered an exchange OR would I accept another $40 off? Wow! That is customer service ladies and gentlemen. On my part, IF I accepted the additional $40 off, I had to be happy with it and accept full responsibility (which I did...I seriously doubt anything can go wrong based on that particular dent...but ya NEVER know!). Anyway...great service.Finally...once I racked it up and hooked it into our PA as well as to a Behringer POWERPLAY PRO-XL HA4700 headphone amp (which I HEARTILY recommend), we, as a band, were off to the races. Great clean sound. Plenty of routing options. Plenty of gain on the mic channels. We record our gigs religiously via various means (direct out of the headphone jack into a Zoom Q3HD as well as multiple Direct Outs, Group Outs, etc., to a Zoom R16 multi-track) and believe it or not, as long as we are mixing well in real time, the direct stereo output to the Q3HD sounds GREAT! This has the potential to save us time since there is no post-gig mixdown from the Q3HD (like there is with the R16). Alright...I've talked your ear off...but if you're considering this mixer, stop stewing and buy it. You will never look back! Also...for those geeks out there (and I'm one of them) who are agonizing over the number of channels, number of Aux Outs, number of Group Outs, Direct Outs, etc., stop agonizing over the other Xenyx models that have LESS outputs and simply buy the King of the Hill in the X2442 USB. We're talking about a difference of $50-$100 between them all and you WILL need the extra outputs/channels some day...so just DO IT.I have SAID my piece and counted to three.Sincerely,Kevin B. Selby                
I use this board for live performances to mix everything from our vocals to electronic drums to piano & keyboard. I've rigged it to feed our PA amp with a separate feed for sub-woofer. The board is versatile, well built, quiet, has great effects and doesn't cost an arm and a leg. The one thing you need to get use to is the "British" equalizers. But once you get the knack, you're off and running. 
                
The effects are great. The reverbs, delays, chorus, etc. offer a real selection to choose from. The board layout is very straight forward and intuitive and there are enough inputs to satisfy any small to medium sized band.                 
As I've said, it's very straight forward. If you're a smaller band and don't have a sound man, it's easy enough to set up and get the right sound... set it and forget it.                
I've had this board for over 2 years now... no issues. 

I have quite a few other Behringer pieces of equipment... no issues.                
If you're on a tight budget, this board delivers more bang for the buck than anything out there.  Ignore the nay-sayers.                
Because I also have a powered mixer, I once ask how the "power output wattage" was rated. I quickly got a response but it was a "song & dance" as they said their rating couldn't be converted to "continuous average watts" or "RMS" values. (C'mon guys, it's only math...I guess the low number would embarrass them.) 

But at least they responded quickly.                
It was a great buy... so I got it.                
My first Behringer mixer was a powered mixer which I stated in another review to be a waste of money. I said "get a decent power amp (QSC, Crown, Peavey, etc.) and then get THIS mixing board."  I followed my own advice and haven't been sorry. This boards got all the features I need and it works perfectly, day in, day out.                 
The X2442 is exactly what we needed to to improve our sound and to add additional elements to our performances.  At first the vocal group and the band had to have two separate systems in order to perform.  With the X2442 USB Mixer we can combine the mic's and all of the instruments on the same mixer cutting down setup time and sound check time, and that to us is a blessing.                 
I used to use a Behringer X1222USB for my home studio but needed the extra channels of the X2442USB. I am very pleased with the 2442 however, the one thing the 1222 had that I wish the 2442 had is a graphic eq. The 2442 has lots of bells and whistles that the 1222 doesn't, not to mention the added channel space. Both boards work well in a home studio setting and neither one takes a degree in engineering to figure out, although, I thought Behringer could have gone a little more in depth with their owners manual. All-in-all, what a GREAT purchase at a bargain price!                
Very nice mixer, simple to use. Like the effects it has, and it's rack mountable. Behringer at its best.                
I have a lot of Behringer products and have had a great expierence with all of them. For the musician on a budget the price point can't be beat. This mixer was put into our show from day one and has performed as expected...love it!                
For me this is an upgrade from the Behringer Xenyx 1204FX/USB. Seemed like the logical step since I am getting great service from the one, I decided to take a bigger step to the top of the Analog Mixing Capability in this series. I especially like the sub-group capability so I can isolate my feedback prone mics and instrument mics. Can't justify a X32 but for me this is more than I need without having to just add inputs with nothing to plug into them. The subgroup capability alone is worth the upgrade....and the BNC connector for a light. Great piece of gear with lots of use and still useable foot print. Now I can take the smaller mixer on the road and have not had to relearn everything.                
IT'S ALL THAT NICE AND CLEAN                
I WISH IT CAME WITH THE NIGHT LAMP BUT IT'S FINE                 
YES THE PRODUCT IS WORTH IT I WANT ANOTHER ONE SO I CAN LINK THEM TOGETHER TO GET A BIGGER BOARD AT A SUPER PRICE PLUS I LIKE THE WAY IT LOOKS AND THE FEATURES                
NEVER HAD A PROBLEM                
LOOKIN GOOD                
LONG TIME LIKE I SAID I WANT ANOTHER ONE SO I  CAN LINK THEM TOGETHER MAY 2

MORE THE SOUND IS HOT ,IT LOOK HOT,FEATURES HOT,INS AND OUTS ARE HOT,COMPRESSION ON 8 CHANNELS DO I NEED TO SAY MORE JUST BUY IT AND YOU'LL SEE WHY I SAY I WANT TO LINK 2 OR 3 UP TOGETHER.                   
Have had this mixer for about 5 years. Out the box I had 4 channels not work. Couldn't send it back due to no other mixer to replace it with for my gigs. Other than them 4 channels it has worked great. Everything else has worked flawlessly for my live concerts and shows. Oh have yet to try the computer plug in or software as much as I would love too I don't have time. But it has been good to me besides them 4 channel's out the box being out. I use it at least 3 times a week and it's been good.                
I am a Drummer .I use this to Sub mix my drums this into our main system.... good. punchy sound & clean .....then I also use it to do small gigs with no problems...They have stepped it up                 
I checked up on this mixer, the reviews are mixed, so with zZounds return policy, I took a chance. This is worth the money, Im in a few bands from 2 to 5 Insruments plus up to 4 vocals, works great and easy to use.....Buy it.                
The X2442USB Mixer is great for the price. I've purchased other Behringer mixers and they seem to have stepped up the quality a bit on this model. Even though it's missing the talk back feature you can still pick a free channel and us a microphone. It just works! The sound is clean and for the money and you probably can't find another mixer in it's class with all of the options this mixer has without spending more money.                
This is a well made, flexible mixing board with plenty of I/Os.  The microphone preamps are good, although require a delicate touch.  The faders have a nice feel, the effects are limited but useful. The unit has an internal power supply which is makes it easy to set up or transport.  It is also rack mountable.  Great value for the money.                
AWSOME CRISP AND CLEAN                
NICE SOFTWARE                
DIDN'T HAVE TO DO ANY THING  THE SOUND IS GREAT RIGHT OUT THE BOX                
ALL GOOD                
YES                
NEVER HAD TO TALK TO ANYONE YET                
IT LOOKS AWSOME LIKE A RECORDING STUDIO MIXXING BOARD                
NOPE KEEPING IT HOPE TO BUY ANOTHER SO I CAN HAVE TWO SIDE BY SIDE TO MAKE IT LOOK REAL BIG                
I find the board to be very intuitive and soooo quiet I thought it wasn't on! Musicians I have used it with love the sound!Planning on getting another bigger Beringer plus more of their speakers.                
Once again very intuitive. If you have ever used a board you can just start this one up and GO.                
Beringer is by far the best bang for the buck.                
I will add another board as aformentioned.                
I play drums with a variaty band and the versitility is unreal. Ican run 6 mics for a main mix, then run a monitor mix back from the main board for headphone use. Everything is seperate and clean. I just got the board but hte longer I have it the more I love it. The preamps and compressers give the drums a great punch. I use this unit with a 4-gate and the sound is great.                
Could use built-in noise gates for drum mix.                
The effects unit is awesome.                
Not much more to say except for loving it in the studio!                
This is long anticipated unit that does everything very well, sounds great, and at a very reasonable price.  I use it every week, and it does everything well.  With the new FW 2.02 it just got even better, a whole new collection of FX, great RTA, and few other things added.  Music Group really has been working hard at this one, and it beats any competition.                  
i admit. this is easier than most digital boards but people writing reviews about how difficult it is to use has obvioulsy never even seen a fully digital board.. compression is amazing as well as CAT5..                 
I am very happy with the performance of this console. I have been using digital consoles in some form since the 90's. The X32 is truly a giant step up from anything else in the entry level digital market. If you are looking for a desk with many "pro" features, this is it.  For digital newbies- I recommend setting the console up at home while watching the myriad of instructional/tutorial videos on YouTube.                 
I have been a drummer for over 40 years. Always played with bands that had a sound tech so never really had to know much other than helping setup and run cords. Started a new band and we had very little sound gear so I decided to invest in a board. Purchased the X32 after a lot of searching. Out of hundreds of reviews I only found a few that had anything negative to say. I've have had it about 5 months now and it is just an amazing board for the price. I did spend time getting to know the functions and features and it has paid off. Another great thing is if you don't know how to get around the board there are hundreds of great tutorials on you tube. Take the leap if you are considering the X32 you will be glad you did. Also as far as the reviews I have read about the manual being small, Behringer now has a full PDF manual available on their website.                
This is a great sounding desk very easy to setup and get going. Effects sounds great and over all performance is killer.                
Im very happy with my Behringer X32. It's as advertised. Smooth pre amps nice effects, I'm glad I purchased it. Zzounds thanks!                
Very surprising. Sounds great. No issues at all. If reliability is half as good as features and sound quality this console will be a game changer. Once this has been in the field a few years we'll find out!                
I mix FOH on one of these 2 times a week, in addition I own one that I use for live bands and a Live variety show for FOH and Recording.  It's really a great package for the money.  Dynamics on every channel and built in efx are great to have. The Firewire/USB card is awesome to have as well. I can record directly into pro tools without the need of additional interfaces.   I do wish it had additional Digital outs, though the Stereo. AES out has been nice to feed my amp rack, as I can stay digital all the way to the output of my x-over and speaker manager.    A Wordclock input would have been great so i could lock it to an external source, though at this price point, I understand why it's not there.   Overall I'm extremely satisfied with both of the boards. 
I've found the Mic Pre's to be pretty nice, and more than adequate for any live sound requirement.  I've done everything from Rock bands, to lectures, classical performances with it and have been quite pleased with the sound. 
Paired with the S16's it's a great combo.  Though adding a couple of those does significantly add to the price tag, I've found the reduced setup/strike time to be quickly paying back the S16's additional cost.   
I've not had to use Behringer's Manuf. Support, so I can't truthfully rate that. 
Ease of Use I think is subjective. I cut my teeth on SSL's and Large format Analog desks, and have worked on Digital desks since they showed up on the scene. As with anything there is a learning curve, and it's just a matter of learning how to get around it. 
If you've never used a digital console before, I'd highly recommend getting familiar with it before your first gig. It's pretty easy to get around once you're familiar with it .
The iPad app is handy if you want to check the mix in other area of the venue besides from behind the console.  The PC/Mac App is extremely useful I've found. Especially for adjusting Efx and entering the info on the scribble strip.                  
Through the years I have used some Behringer products, some good, some OK, and some well, not so good at all. I slowly phased out most through time, but I still have a few things. So when I made a leap of faith to the X32 it was definitely something I did my homework on. This is a great mixer in every way. I've seen some Presonus and Soundcraft digitals and would say I prefer this over them . A pro level platform all the way, compared to a :club" feel of the others. I had no problems with wireless control using a Surface Pro (though I do look forward to software upgrades). If you're looking for a pro level digi of touring grade on a budget, this is it.                
Sound is fantastic! The effects are easy to sculpt once you get the hang of it. It has a great ability to effect the sound just as you want. You can stack up to 4 effects on a single channel and that's great for my field.                 
Great features with the visual eq I wish there was a signal eq in it though. Or in ither words an rta meter. Again the effects are top shelf                
Easy to use once you work with it and going from an analog to this digital can take some getting used to. Main thing is don't over complicate it cause it has good ease of use!                
I keep having to tell myself it is not a behringer! This is a Midas all day! It's like the little brother to the midases though!                 
Great for value!                
TERRIBLE!!!!! Behringer a support is a phone loop of death that will lead you to no where and make up you end up smashing your head into the board until something happens. BUT if you call Midas they will get you squared away!                
Very clean and sexy!                
Great board overall.                
the best                
my experience with the beringer x32 is not that great till now, the owner's manual only has a few pages in english for it's tutorial.it's lack of good instructions very difficult to understand since they have shrunk it.;you connect its' output to the amps and there is noise.they should have made it easy as a analoge board.i am waiting to see if they are going to sell a tutorial dvd, which i have already looked it up but no luck, i try to go to you tube but the information i want doesnt show up.it is very difficult for and expensive equipment and you cannot use it because there is no help from the owner's manual.                
This is long anticipated unit that does everything very well, sounds great, and at a very reasonable price.  I use it every week, and it does everything well.  With the new FW 2.02 it just got even better, a whole new collection of FX, great RTA, and few other things added.  Music Group really has been working hard at this one, and it beats any competition.  If you won't need all 32 inputs at the console, this does everything just like bit brother X32.  I am very pleased with it.                
This console is great! I was a bit leary about spending this kind of money on a Behringer product but it is every inch as good as everyone says it is. We use this as our main console in our home studio and our live mixer as well. Being able to save settings for our studio and different venues saves a ton of time. Wrapping your head around the routing is a major pain the butt at first but once you have it down everything is pretty intuitive. We had to call support a few times and they were awesome as well. They were able to work with a console on their end and gladly walked us through whatever we requested. On a closing note......... We have seen the x32 as the main console at every medium size venue we have played or been too lately.                
I used this board with protools 11 and studio one DAW and it works super great. Great Midas pre amp and no need for any external gear with this mixer. I used it in my recording studio and also have the p16m for my artist to hear and they enjoy every moment in the studio.                
I bought this mixer on the recommendation of a local pro sound man to replace a Presonus StudioLive16-4-2. It came highly recommended. This mixer is loaded with "bells and whistles” and is therefore quite complex, the owner’s manual is 74 pages, for example. It was really overkill for my application, a traveling weekend Acoustic Gospel band. I am really the only sound techie in our band, and I play bass. Our sound person is very inexperienced, and we use an ipad our front to mix sound. I was also looking for something a little more compact. I returned the board without even using it with our band.Here is my take: The X32 compact is slightly larger and heavier than the Presonus. I was disappointed in the laminated “scribble” strips, they were very hard to read. Another thing was the inability to assign the 16 main sliders to the 16 inputs all at one time, that is, only the first 8 sliders could be assigned to inputs (1-8, 9-16, etc.). Also a wireless router is required to connect to an ipad. Another I really missed was the lack of factory pre-sets for channel settings, etc.On the plus side, the mixer seems to be of very high quality, the motorized faders were ultra-cool, and it is loaded with features.                
I bought a board from these people sx4882 and they never corrected a problem in manufacturing that should have been by the time I ordered it and now I have crap board from a company that doesn't respond DO NOT BUY ANY BEHRINGER PRODUCT there's a reason why it's cheaper it's crap !!!!!!!!                
This is a very complex and difficult mixer to learn. It's not like you can power it on and go, like a hardware based mixer with actual faders and knobs. It's all done via an iPad. Granted you can used the onboard knobs to make changes but you wouldn't want to because it's a lot of pushing, turning, and clicking, besides the knobs not being inline with the menus makes it very difficult to use at first. But that's the initial "Hump" if you will, that you need to get over. Once you get a grasp of this amazing audio mixer, it is really pretty incredible. You'll spend some time watching YouTube videos and doing research since the manual it comes with may as well be taken out of the box and used to start a fire. I've never understood these companies (DAW's included) that send you these complex devices with very little instruction. You have to buy books, watch videos etc to even begin to use them. I made the mistake of trying to figure this out a week before our first gig. That was the most stressful week of my life. I did get through it and I did figure out enough to get the mains and monitor mixes working but it was no easy task. This IS NOT user friendly by any stretch of the imagination. But take your time, give yourself ample time to learn this and you will be overly satisfied with its features and abilities. Clean and quiet, and very very powerful. This thing has built in effects racks, you can use it to crossover your frequencies, there are eq's built in etc. You'll really dig this thing. Once you learn it. Believe me I almost said forget it and bought a normal hardware mixer with faders and knobs. But I stayed the course and figured it out. I'm glad I did. Love it now.                
After playing an standard set for almost 20 years it is a change to sit behind an electronic one. I bought this set to practice on but would not hesitate to use it in a gig. Setting it up was really quick, the sound that came with it are really good. I like the fact that the cymbals can be choked and that all of the pads are dual zoned, plus there is additional inputs for another drum pad and cymbal pad for later expansion. The brain is easy to use, easy to navigate and everything can be customized. All in all, you will not find a greater deal in a electronic drum set. I highly recommend this set.                
I've owned a few electric drum sets in my time (Alesis).  These are very good drums, great sound and features.  Real feel.                
For the money, this drum set seemed to offer a lot at first.  Indeed, if the unit were more robust, it would be a great value.  Unfortunately the set felt flimsy when I first set it up, and sure enough the kick pad stopped working after only 4 months of relatively light use.  I submitted an RMA request, and instead of just shipping me a new pedal, I had to go through the process of shipping the pedal out (at my expense) and waiting for it to be repaired, which will delay my recording for who knows how long (I am using it as a midi interface for Superior Drummer).  Despite my pleading with Behringer's outsourced customer service company to work with me, shipping the pedal back for repair was the only option they offered.  To the employee's credit, he offered to "expedite" the processing, whatever that means.  I have read many reviews where customers experience similar issues with the kick pad on this drum set.  I suppose this is my fault for not heading the advice of others and relying on a Behringer product for something as crucial as recording.  You get what you pay for, and I don't plan on making that mistake again.                
I bought this unit in May 2016 and have used it a few times to record. It is now early August and the kick drum trigger doesn't work.
I haven't even finished paying the 4 pay plan and now I need to send it to Behringer for repair.                
set is defective out of the obx. Behringer is aware of the issues with snare and kick responsiveness. Behringer will not back product nor can you get parts. So done the rode if something breaks, buyer would be out of luck and have to scrap the whole kit.                  
Compared to my Mackie - best not to. But I bought this little guy to ride around in a Pelican case and travel to seminars to run background music, movie sound tracks, and the audio from Flash and PowerPoint. For that it's fine and the tiny size is a real plus. Not much noise, and the preamp is better than OK for PA and simple voice tracks.                
No accessories, though the dedicated external power supply is a pain. It's big and heavier than the mixer. Worse than that, Behringer scrimped and made it single voltage. Not a problem if you don't travel. If you do and an over-anxious "helper" plugs it straight into U.K. mains and fries the 120v power supply with a quick pffffft, you'll lament the absence of dual-voltage when they were 'conceiving and designing' this thing in Germany for a Chinese factory to churn out. Lots o' luck getting parts - or a response - from Behringer. For the price, consider this item expendable.                
For my purpose it's plenty. Everything is straight forward and clear. Even the manual is OK. There's actually lots of flexibility for such an inexpensive product.                 
See above for "on the road" - single-voltage power supply. Mine has a slot in a padded case with lots of other gear and gets on fine. You can't bash it around, but one held up for 3 years just fine. The mechanics are surprisingly good. As to the quality of the electronics, I'll know when something breaks. So far so good.                
It's good value.                
Have one lying around with a fried power supply. Multiple emails to "service centers" listed on the Behringer website have gone unanswered, as has a query to the company, itself. A year ago I asked about dual-voltage or 240v power supplies and got no response. I'm giving them a 2 because they didn't have the opportunity to be obnoxious.                
Does pretty much what it pretends to do. No glitz or glamor, but functional enough.                
Size and weight are important in this portable application. I've replaced one already. The power problem is the big annoyance.                
Bought this for my small home studio.  I run Behringer electric drums and guitar through it.  I also run my phone and or laptop for playing music.  I was connecting my phone directly to my  Behringer B110D powered speaker and Behringer vq1500d powered sub with a stereo to mono 3.5 to XLR cable.   Before the mixer the sound was OK, but I had a lot of clipping and had to turn the speaker and sub's volume up to almost max in order to get the music loud.  After hooking up the 502 mixer, I have my speaker and sub volume under half, no clipping and the sound is clear, loud and just powerful!!!  At first I was not happy with the sound I was getting, get the mixer.  It made all the difference.  My drums are twice as loud with no clipping.                
I operate two full time internet radio stations. www.479xx.com and BoilerRadio.com and always need new equipment.I have always loved the board......the 502. .big tasks in a small package...for not a whole lot of money. and the service was awesome.......just what they said.....and quicker than they said it would arrive.                
This product works exactly how i want it too and its perfect for the job. the only problem that i have with it that pretty much only will affect some people, is the power cord. its very bulky and space taking but thats because i have it in a briefcase for easier transportation. if you have it set anywhere with space then that shouldn't be a problem. overall great product for running simple sound                
I needed a small mixer to add my keyboards together to one amp. This is perfect for my needs, with everything I want in a small package.In addition, it is stereo with panning for the inputs. This will allow me two outputs to add a bass amp and each channel can be adjusted to give a balance to each amp. Hope to try this soon. Lee                
HA! I just got this today..can't remember having this much fun and improving my set up for only 45 bucks...                
Very compact and light..no accessories included.                
Don't count on the owners manual to figure it out; it's poorly written. No helpful diagrams, nothing..Oh and a bit of a surprise, no on/off switch, have to manually unplug it..                
It does feel solid. Nice to plug in with the pre-amp, the mic, effects, guitar, drum machine and control it all though the mixer. Great tone though the headphones..                
Bargain really..                
Ummmmm..checked the website for helpful hints on how to hook up everthing; what is the function of the "main" ect. And nothing..                
Looks like the real deal only smaller. If I order one again I'd get the the 08 instead of the 05.                
At this point I'm very satsified with the sound quality and the functions.                
I cannot call myself an audio engineer with my 16 years,but still i HAVE used some of the best consoles avalible : I've worked with Fairlight consoles,the SSL's and many more classic consoles.Though i was always taught to FLEE from Behringer,when the time came for me to assemble my home studio,the pocket dictated.And so i bought this mixer and guess what-it's just as they said it would be!                
Though the product had NO acessories,it sounded good with the c414.When i was called to do some Recording for a metal band,i saw this mixer and laughed out loud,but than i almost changed my mind.

The preamp is not even close to what they say! In fact,it just cuts the cake and nothing more.You can use it until you buy a stand-alone and it will have a descent quality,but for a 50$ mixer,what do you expect?

The small number of channels is NEVER going to be used up on this mixer.Why?Only one amp.But still,the other channels DO have line-ins,so you can plug something else into them.

The peak-meter was broken when i came to use the mixer and all,but i don't doubt that the colors were pretty.But when it comes to the BEST features here,i gotta say i was impressed by the separate Headphones jacks.i really loved it-i could monitor what was being recorded in the booth while the artists were hearing the MIDI Mock-Up perfectly on the phones.

And there are the Tape and Mix options.Awesome.Though in a mixer this small,you don't need em.

So why would anyone be stupid enough to buy this mixer?Phantom Power.

Just plug-in a 80$ preamp in a Line-In,Plug the Mic in the Pre,and you're set.At a price of like 50 dollars,i guess it's worth buying.

Definitely getting one for MY studio.                
Yes it is easy,though the manual couldn't be more unclear.                
Behringer,bros!

Even if it's a 6000$ console - and behringer will NEVER make a console that pricy- the quality will suck.Why?made In China.Plastic.End of story.But may i remind you again....50 bucks!                
yes...because no1 sells this cheap mixers.                
uuuh behringer.That's all i gotta say.                
Well it has no sex appeal at all.The plastic looks awful.                
I think that it's a must for any newbie in recording,because it's almost a Starter Set in studios.                
There may be preamps that sound better than the ones in this mixer, but they cost hundreds, or thousands.                
Really good headphone amp, worth the price of the whole unit.                
Never dealt with Behringer.                
I had a bigger Behringer mixer and its power supply died; it shorted out after the plug got smashed in transit.  It was about the same price to buy this smaller unit (including a new power supply) as to buy the power supply alone, plus nobody had the PS in stock.  This is the third one of these mixers I've bought, and if one broke or I needed another, I'd definitely buy the same product again.                
Bought this one to replace the exact same model that had the headphone jack/Amp burn out. This one did the same thing in a matter of days. Not sure if I was doing something wrong. I was using it as a headphone amp, had a computer sound output (rear speaker) going into the "tape - in" jacks, and was using the stereo headphone out jack. Could smell it burning both times, both time burned out the same tiny surface mount resistor.                
I'm not using it as a mixer but only to control the audio volume from a DVD player toan embedded house built-in speaker system via a XLR wall socket connection tothe house amplifier, which I cnnot have access to once it is turned on............this device suits this purpose very well and its simplicity is a plus                
This gets the job done just fine. I use it just playing music from my computer. I use the Behringer UCA222 USB soundcard going into this mixer and my monitors going out of that. Very clean sound. 

I plan on eventually running my UBB1002 into the inputs on here for recording but have not tried that yet.                 
For what this has it has plenty. 

One of the main reasons I wanted to review this is, I read many reviews and none of them stated this has NO POWER SWITCH. I found that odd as I have never seen a mixer with out one and I find it inconvenient. I can look past that and just pull the plug each time I am done with it I guess.                 
It will last while it sits in place on my desk but I wouldn't want to do any traveling with this.                 
Love it so portable yet advanced Got it with the podcast USB kit but it does all my work perfectly. Come ON BEHRINGER!                
Cables,Mic.,U-CONTROL Interface                
Easy a Dog could use it, i had no experience and now one of a few who got 35th on NME Ameuteur Remix Charts Of Australia                
Made well (Dont Throw or blow up)                
Good value for the  price.                
needed a repair after a flight on virgin. But i didnt pack it well                
Sexy Portable Design feutures got a girlfriend from it thanks behringer                
Help with your goals but if you are serious look for its older brother 1002                
The sound quality after whatever I play is hooked to it sounds awesome.                
I like that you can even hook up CD Player/MP3 Players to it via RCA. That's a HUGE plus.                
Very easy to setup & there are so many different ways to get sound into.                
Extremely sturdy & durable. You would think it cost more from it's solid construction.                
Most certainly worth the money I wouldn't mind paying more for it.                
Haven't had to deal with support thus far.                
It looks very professional. I must be honest I feel in love with the look at first..                
I absolutely love this mixer! This is my first mixer ever but it has everything I need plus more. The Best part I would say is it's compact design. Fits nearly anywhere possible. I officially rep #TeamBehringer from here on out...                
The audio (going through the mixer and my Focusrite 2i4 interface sounds clean with little to no reduction in audio quality. I can still hear smaller details.                
Doesn't have too many features, or too little. The EQ is nice to have, although I don't need it. I leave it flat.                
Very simple to use. For a newbie, it might look like a lot, but once you figure out what does what, it's very simple. This is the same with most mixers, though.                
The mixer is built very well, although it wobbles on my desk as if one corner isn't touching the table. It's not much of an annoyance, but I thought I would mention that.                
This mixer is definitely worth the price, especially if you only need to hook up a few instruments in your home studio.                
n/a                
I am using this for a few instruments (A Yamaha MM8 piano and a Moog Little Phatty.)                
Excellent little mixer. Exactly what I needed for my PC DAW. The mic pres are very good. They're clean with lots of gain. I had my Great River patched in at first but after some experimenting I found I didn't need it. I was surprised at the comparisons. The on board pres come very close.                
Great features for the price. Especially the monitoring system. Very convenient. Behringer should've installed an on/off switch but no big deal. I just plugged it into my Furman power conditioner. Problem solved.                
Just plug in and start recording.                
It's built very well and so far has been very reliable. Knobs are tight and the housing is very sturdy.                
Without question. Big bang for the bux!!I'd really like to check out some of Behringers other mixers after hearing this little guy.                 
Never needed them but I've heard they are great.                
As long as it lasts. I would buy another in a NY minute if something happened to this one.                 
Great mixer. It helps to boost the sound quality and also provides additional input/output to hook extra mic or equipment. Thanks to zzounds for making my purchase affordable and possible.                
Very quiet, no hum.  Smooth operation, sq works well, sounds great!  I got this to go 

with two Mackie MR5 powered reference monitors I snagged for $99 each.  For less than $250 I have a 110 watt sound system.                
Blue power-on led is outrageously bright.                
Easy setup, just plug n play.                
Metal case, quality design.  No issues-perfect out of the box!

Great value for a handy little mixer!                
Unknown.                
Hey, it works.                
I use it for live gigs - I run my acoustic guitar microphone, pre-amp, effects and synths through it - works great, very ow noise and plenty of headroom. Only wish it has sweep EQ on the mic channels but, for the price may be too much to expect.                
I initially got it to have something in the home to allow multiple hook ups when streaming live sets to the Internet. I was impressed with the ability to set it up and within minutes of opening the box, I was good to go. The only thing I do not like is that  it does not have a power button.                 
The sound quality is very good for that price.                
There's a lot of features such as effects send/return, phones preview and phantom power.                
Plug in the power supply, plug in your inputs and you're good to go.                
It's very well built and the knobs are durable.                
This mixer is amazing for its price!                
Didn't use it.                
The unit is extremely compact and it's very well designed.                
This is a great mixer at a very low price.

Pros:

- Phantom power

- CD/Tape Input

Cons:

- No On/Off button                
for a beginer its a great option, no doubt. i stared to record with this mixer, but if u can buy a mixer from anothe brand do it. couse its good, but not great. you get what you pay                
it has some good features, i like the EQ and the phantom power, whit all the features this mixer its a very good option if you want to have a litle more control of your recordings                  
Like any other mixer, no complains here                
its a solid machine, honestly. i got to reconize that. very good finish quality, never fail to me.                
like i said, its cheap, and has some good features and good finish quality for the price, just dont expect a studio quality results with it                
never need it                
sex appeal?? looks like a regular mixer, not bad, but nothing that shocked me                
i will recomend it ONLY if you are beginner, its a cheap option, and a good one considering the price but you will not hear anything close to studio quality. if you have the money and you are serious whit the music, buy a mackie or something better                
The sound is not clean. I use it for a practice area. There is very little headroom and the preamps are very noisy. I've tried it side by side with my Mackie 1202 and difference is easily discernible. The Mackie is quiet and has a wide range before you hear noise; not so with the Behringer.                
not much static when i record...                
with wut there is... features work great                
new to using mixers and i started recording in 5 minutes....                
looks great and works great                
definitely worth the money                
shipped rite away                
glad i bought it.. looks great                
ill prolly use this for a long time                
This is truly showing to be a very big bang for the buck. 550 watts, about 30lbs,has EQ, small and with handles.A real winner for me. It really does sound good and with lots of punch and volume to spare. $271.99, I could not find anything to beat this near its price.I had it for about 4 weeks. It was packaged excellent. Mounts on my speaker stand with ease. I play guitar through it,Keyboard, Bass guitar, CD player and use mics. I am very pleased with this product.                
has EQ LOW,HI                
Simple , loud,  sounds very good                
it is very solid                 
Biggest Bang for the Buck                
low profile and well designed                 
I want another one of these and then some subs                 
Clean...makes my MIDI files sound more better, i use midi files for my live performance...& i hooked up my keyboards with it & they both sounded good together.                
nice features...3 band EQ...high headroom pre-amps..just what im looking for                
as easy as 1-2-3, or a-b-c...i wonder if anybody can go wrong with it.                
metal chasis...plastic maybe sturdy too...let's see if this thing falls...hope not...                
well,,, worth every penny... just what im looking for...                
havnt used it,,maybe no comment for now..but the store i bought it was quite understanding..coz the adaptor that comes with the package is broken so i went back & they replaced it right away,,but ofcourse they tested it first...sucks...anyway i hope next time no more defective adaptors Behringer..ok?                
i have few other compact mixers before but this stand out...maybe i would buy a mackie in the near future but for now im hooked with this...i tried Peavey, Phonic, Yamaha & other compact mixers, but this is much better...                
well maybe if i would go on a more bigger venue that's time i would improve my gears,,but for now earning a few bucks a night,,what can i ask for..cheap on the price but not cheap on the musicality...                
The mixer is simple to use. I am only giving 7/10, however, for two reasons: (1) there is no on/off switch, so you have to unplug it to turn it off, and (2) it has a piercingly bright LED that indicates the power is on but is so brilliant that it makes it difficult to see the controls on a darkened stage. I covered the LED with black electrical tape because it was so annoying.                
The AC adapter plug is badly designed. It is difficult to connect because there are 3 small prongs on the end of the wire (like a PS/2 mouse/keyboard plug on an older PC) that connect to a female jack on the unit. The wire only fits in a single orientation, and it is difficult to tell what the correct orientation is. In the second month after purchase (shortly after the store's 30-day return period, of course) the female jack in the unit started pushing inwards and tilting, and the cord became even harder to connect. After half a year one of the prongs on the cord broke off, making it impossible to power the unit.

Note that the unit did not get heavy use--I only used it about 10 times before the prong broke off, and I am gentle with my gear. It probably would be fine if you plugged it in once in a studio and left it there, but it is not gig-worthy by any means.

The AC adapter interface should be like all the other AC adapters you have laying around the house: a wire that has a male plug with a hole in it, and a unit that has a female jack with a single prong in the center.
                
The price is low, and the quality is commensurate. You get what you pay for. I will replace mine with a better quality product from another manufacturer.

To get this unit repaired under warranty, I would have to repackage and mail it to Behringer at my expense. Hardly worth the hassle given the initial cost.                
I needed a small mixer for gigs with multiple keyboards, and I wanted one that had the option to send separate outputs to my own monitor and to the main PA. This mixer does that, but the quality is too low for serious use outside the home.                
i was surprised that this actually made my mc-505 sound better. warmer. less digital.

and running my guitar through it, distorted or clean, sounds almost as good as my amps clean channel.                
pretty good features. most my gear already has eq on it, so the lack of freq. on the eq isnt that big of a promblem. im sure when i purchase some microphones, ill be wishing there was more flexability.                
i dont see how anyone could have a problem haha. very straight forward.

plug something in, turn the volume up, plug something out.                
only had it 2 weeks

seems very solid. knobs are very smooth, not loose at all. if i had a carrying case to protect the knobs i would have no problem traveling it.                
definitly worth the money
                
no clue. no problems                
looks pretty good.. the plastic sides are a little lame                
i bought it so i could listen to my 505, my guitar, and my electric drums at the same time.(of course i cant play drums and guitar at the same time, i ment to jam with a buddy.)

what i actually got wwas that, and it warmed up both the drums and the 505. very nice                
The mic-pres are good and provide a clean sound.  I use them mainly for vocals.  The noise is pretty quite.  I'm sure acoustic guitars would sound great through this mixer.                
Just what I needed for vocal recording.  Happy about the main mix outs, phone out, and control room out.  It always me to monitor the sound perfectly with my small set-up.  I would pay a lil more money for a sweepable mids freq on the eq.  I would pay even more ($40 -- is it feasible?) for two sweepable mids.  It would allow my computer to rest a bit more, and it's hard to get a decent and dedicated mic-pre at that cost.  Oh, yeah, thanks for the RCA in/outs.  I would pay a more, also, for an optical digital out or USB.  (But I don't want a huge mixer.)                
I am self-taught, so I use it for mainly what I need: recording vocals.  I read the manual to figure out how to use the sends.  I had read plenty on it, but never had a piece of equipment to try it on.                
It appears to be built decently.  I enjoy the metal face, and don't mind the plastic side pieces.  The knobs ARE NOT loose at all.  If it lasts me 2-3 years, I would be more than appreciative.  I'm just wondering how long the mic-pres will last.  That's most important to me.  The earlier Behringer mixers have received pretty good ratings, so I suspect these new Xenyx's will soon get the same.                
It's definitely worth its price, especially if you're short on moolah.  Of course, there are other mixers that I would love to have.......but I'm not paying $500-$1000 for them.  At this price, I have learned some things (like digital outs/USB) have to done away with.                
Haven't had to use them.  My first time buying a Behringer product.  I am aware that music equipment companies don't provide the best customer service, so I'm glad that I received a mixer in working order.  Please, God, let them answer my e-mail/phone call the day I need them.  Pleeeeeeassse!!!                
It's a practical addition to my set-up.  If Behringer adds two sweepable mids and an optical digital out to this mixer, then I would lust for it.  But "lust" could still only command a fair price.  I'm no fool.                
I'll use this for some time.  The price and purpose go hand-in-hand.  Since I am self taught, and only record vocals at this time, I would look for another product if I started recording bands......or if I needed more fx returns.  Or if sweepable mids became a necessity to give my processor a break.  I'd rather destroy my mixer than my Apple.                
Never had a mixer before this is my first but it sounds great                 
The best for the price if you want to play some british 70s 60s rock                
Never had a mixer before took me very little time to set it up                
Everythings rock soli                
Worth spending the money                
havnt needed any                
looks better then any mixer ive seen                
So many options with this solid mixer... a true workhorse. One of the few small/table top mixers with smooth accurate faders, quality preamps and plenty of mic/line/stereo options. Why people overlook this mixer is beyond me! We also have an older model;this new 1002B is even better. These things are built like tanks. Runs on batteries, if needed. Unity gain is true on all channels,including master mix channel. Great for a small band, a drum mixer, keyboard mixer,etc. We also use it for a DJ mixer, alongside a laptop and a USB 2-2 Mackie ONYX interface. Love it for band reheasals!                
I am SO glad I found this on your site. As a composer/performer who performs with and without backup and numerous locations (some without a house system and even some remote spots without power), having this and other equipment that offer both AC and battery powered usage is invaluable. What's more is the fact that this unit allows awesome sound via its well enamored preamps and Phantom power (even when battery powered). All tolled... one could mic-up several vocalists and acoustic instruments and run them through a couple battery-operated amps and flood a moderate crowd using no AC power at all! Before this purchase, I was stuck, solely, with the few inputs the amps allowed (in my case, a total of 4 - 2 each). Behringer has earned my dedication over the years... not because they're inexpensive compared to others, but their quality exceeds the others!                
Great little mixer. Sounds good and very versatile. I needed more line inputs than mic inputs. Using it for recording.                
Sound is great. I use it on the gig and recording. No complaints.                
This mixer is well laid out. The only  thing lacking is the missing power switch, but it's a very minor issue.                
No problems.                
Great quality. Well-built.                
Are you kidding? I don't know how they do it, but I hope they keep on doing it! Well worth the price. I also purchased their XM8500 mic for using live, which is rugged and sounds clear - awesome value. Behringer rocks!                
Have not had to contact customer support.                
I checked around a long time before I settled on this mixer. I wanted the smallest mixer available with effects. Some musicians I work with have Behringer mixers and they love them.                
I would buy another in a heartbeat. In fact, I may get a second one for back-up when I have some extra cash.                
It has low noise, even with the gain cranked up on the microphone channels (with 60+dB of gain, that's really saying something!) I've made several good recordings with it - everything ran through it sounds good live and in recording: vocals through a condensor mic, acoustic guitars through a condensor mic, five-string bass through a direct box and electric guitar through an RP500. The tracks that I've made with it mix together well on my archlinux-based DAW (so very little distortion as well).

This mixer is clear and transparent. With tone controls at zero and "fx" levels at zero, it does not color the mix as far as I can tell.

Turning the treble (on the mic channels) all the way up can add significant noise however - you can't forget how to mix when using this thing (cut rather than boost if at all possible).

The pan pots are center-detent types. However, none of the pots exactly "center" the sound when the pot is in the center. (That's a common problem with center-detent pots). Using a meter or computer, you'll have to micro adjust the pans to ensure exact centering.

The effects are surprisingly good considering the price of this mixer. The reverbs are realistic, clear and usable, especially for vocals. I was only looking for a mixer, but the 1002FX was not much more expensive than the 1002 (same mixer, but without the effects) - I figured, "why not? - I can always zero it out if I don't like it."

For the price, I'm giving this an eight, only because of the cranked treble control adding more noise than I expected to discover.                 
Power supply included - it gets warm when in use.

There are center-detent pots on the tone controls, pan controls and the "fx" controls, making it easy to locate "middle" or "zero" (or almost, as noted above). 

I don't use the tone controls on the mic channels (I set them at 0). I use my DAW for equalization.

The mic channels and main have clipping indicators - very useful, especially since it is rarely obvious from the sound when subtle clipping is happening.

The blue power indicator LED is blindingly bright. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but something to know. It can be easy to see from a distance that the unit is on.

The phantom power works as expected - has a slow turn on and turn off time, as is common.

The effects - I like the reverbs. I've used the chorus and flanging effects on a bass for some interesting results.

No on-off switch. I hate that, but I knew that when I bought it. I would have gladly paid an extra $3 for a switch - that's about what an acceptable rocker switch would have cost retail. In fact, Behringer could have left out the tone controls (which I don't use anyway) and used the extra budget to include a power switch.

The mixer does not come with 1/4" male to RCA female adapters, so you'll need some if you want to plug in RCA equipment to channels 3-10.                
Easy to use, especially if you've ever used a mixer before. The only thing that might be different is the effects module - turn the dial to the effect program you want, push the dial down, adjust your "fx" levels and you have effects.

I read a PDF version of the instruction manual before I bought it, as I try to do with everything I buy. The mixer comes boxed with the same in-print manual (one English, one German and one written in eight different languages).                
It is compact. Nothing rattles when shaken. The paint and lettering seem well attached and are without flaw. It is encased in durable plastic and barring having a speaker cab dropped on it or something (which would likely damage the pots rather than the plastic housing), I expect that it will last for years. 

Since the power supply and unit get warm when in use, I am concerned that those may overheat and self destruct. Therefore, I don't leave it running 24/7 - for example, I don't run my home entertainment signals through it. I do, however, run it for up to twelve hours at a time when doing recording sessions without any obvious thermal problems.                
Compared to other mixers around the same price as the 1002FX, I'm satisfied with the value. It is worth the asking price. It would be difficult to design and build my own mixer with comparable quality for the price...I'm an electrical engineer, so I'm capable of that (just don't have the time, despite being hopelessly unemployed).                
Didn't contact Behringer - did not need to.                
I wouldn't call it sex appeal, but this mixer is laid out well. The lettering is easy to read. The knobs on the pots are color coded (white for level, black for pan, red for fx, blue for tone).                 
I like this mixer and expect to be using it for twenty years or so (like the RadioShack mixer this is replacing). It suits my simple "low noise, low distortion, one or two tracks  at a time with phantom power" recording needs perfectly. The effects were extra, but I've made good use of them. If it were lost or stolen, I would not hesitate to buy another 1002FX.                
Although is a good choice for entry level and home studio, there is a background noise which can not be eliminated whatsoever. The price is great as you can start at $38 for the 502, but you must be aware that this piece makes noise, not so loud but noise anyway.                 
I woould give an 8 in features as it includes all the ones you need for your home studio. You can connect a microphone, your guitar pedal effects, a CD player, your mobile, a recorder, etc.                 
Nothing to read if you want to start right away. Very easy to use.                 
The presentation of the product is very nice, looks quite robust, quite modern. I have given 5 as the noise is the main concern here.                 
This is perhaps the best point here with Behringer as my 502 mixer was just $38.                 
I have never had to use product support, so I can not rate it.                 
The general product looks great and very well designed.                 
This is a product that you will choose for the price; however, after 4 or 6 months you will start thinking to look for something with better quality as the noise will be there...                
I purchased this little mixer to use with the Mackie SRM150 PA as it has some nice effects.  It works very nice.                
It seems quiet and the effects are a nice touch.  You can download the effects page at the Behringer site.                
I ran sound test From 20Hz to 20Khz....from low to high thu the mic EQ's and up to internal clip...Witch takes a bit of trying...And the sound is great....I am very opinionated on my sound...Nothing but great sound to my ears...                
I gave this a 7 on the features, Not because its lacking...I got this model, tho if you want more features the 1202FX would be the 10 in this size mixer...                
not too small that you need 4 year old fingers to use it...but not so big that its not a great portable Mixer...Not overly heavy like it has lead in it...but still feels nice and sturdy...                
hey i feel i got more then what i payed for...in the good way...not that i think it should cost more but for something like this... worth every penny and the everyday Joe can get a brand new one w/ out selling everything they own to have something, That will do everything they ask of it and take a beating....                
Again I feel i got everything i ask for and more...                
yet to need it....The best type of support is when everything you need to know is eather just that simple or well documanted when you first open the box"...10 points..."                
LOL i want it because I already have it...LOL sorry just had to say that....Corny i know...                
I gave it a overall * not becouse its missing anything...Because its very down to earth...Plan...If you need more step-up a few models...But I am in NO...I repeat.."NO!" way complaning about something that feels this good you use and work w/...and still is not going to break the bank or skimp on sound quality..                 
Sound is Clear,  No distortion or unwanted Hums or Buzz. Our Acoustical Group plays a lot of Small to Medium size Churches.  Most have a P.A. but they tend have 2 - 4 Inputs / Mic's. Our group requires 5 - 8 Mic's.

By having this very small and portable Mixer, and piggy backing it to the House P.A. We can add 4 more Mic inputs in a matter of minutes.

Oh yea bring Extra Mic's and cables.                
So far the Pots, Jacks and slides seem to be Ok.                 
Pretty Simple to use. Hardest thing to do is to plug in the power supply.

It's a German Din type Plug. Looks a lot like the PS2 plug from your old PC keyboard.  Before the Advent of USB. Meaning  don't bend or force those little tiny Pins.  You may find the replacement power supply is $75 dollars. It has very odd Voltages  and you will never find a "Generic" replacement for it. Of course it will run 3 hours on three 9 volt batteries.  But you will have "Low" voltage for Phantom Power.                
Fit and Finish are good.                
At about 100 bucks, It is priced slightly below comparable Yamaha products.  However Yamaha is Known and Proven High Quailty Manufacturer.                
Don't know,  Never had to contact Behringer.  But they have a good Web site for Operator manuals and Product Specs.                
Small, Light and lots of Inputs and Outputs.                
Another 3 - 5 years.                
Very versatile mixer for the price point . Easilly accessible, clear concise, labeling. Great for a small combo. Would definitely recommend purchase.                
The sound is of really high quality i actually prefer this mixer to my Mbox 2 the mbox has too much noise these preamps are amazing                
it has plenty of features more then any other mixer ive seen i mean come on? On Board Effects on a mixer? b4 i would say YEAH RIGHT but Behringer pulled it off and made it affordable.                
I only gave it a 9 because tho its easy to use you have to travel thru alot of effects to get the one you want i mean it has 100 effects.                
The product is excellently made if i didnt buy this i would think it cost like 300.00                 
you have a lot of bang for tha buck with this one! just look at all the features and the PREAMPS...lets just say they could compare to Focusrite!                
i havent had to call them so i havent needed support so i cant really rate them on that.                
it looks good it sounds good and it feels good                
Im lovin it!                
Very quiet mixer.  I honestly just wanted a small utility mixer but I am surprised at the quality and will use it on actual recordings.  The reverb is very detailed sounding, not tubby or digital.  It is not capable of customized settings.  This quality of effects in a stand alone processor would have cost hundreds of dollars just a few years ago.  The reverbs are better than the flangers and phasers, effects that I don't really use much.                  
A lot of features for the money.  It has four mic preamp channels with three band EQ, effects and panning.  Then 4 stripped-down stereo channels with panning, effects, and level.  There is also an effects send and return, tape in and out, and master outs.  Perfect for a smaller project studio, a keyboardist, a songwriter with a few instruments, etc.                  
Easiest mixer I have ever owned and used.  You can just look at it and you can see where everything is being routed.  You will have to look at a separate sheet of paper to see the effects listing because it is a two-digit display.                
It has plastic sides but it feels very sturdy and has some heft to it.  The knobs feel very good, especially for a hundred bucks.  The design is handsome and well-engineered.  Reminds me of my old Mackie 1202.

I am very pleased with this purchase.  Probably the best $100 I have spent in musical equipment.  For that price you can get an effects pedal, a small practice amp, or THIS - A quality-built 12 channel mixer with impressive effects.                
I have not used support.                
It packs a bunch of features in a small space.  I do enjoy looking at it and feel that it is an improvement over the euro models in both color and design.                
I purchased a Mackie 1642 for hundreds of dollars more and it stopped working within a couple of years.  At this price I will not be so bummed when that day comes, perhaps it won't.  The Behringer track record seems uneven to me.  My compressor works fine and it is pretty old.  Some folks are not as lucky I've heard.                
Nice for the bucks, a fully loaded small mixer for the price of a stomp box. plenty of features, lots of in & outs. Clean transparent sound. Mic preamps cover a wide range for high to low output mics. Phantom power a big plus. For someone familiar with mixers it's pretty straight forward and easy to operate. Seems rugged/durable. Never have had an issue. The effects are great, nice sounds and lots of 'em.
I use this mixer for home based recording with another unit for a 4 bus out. Computer is set up with a sound card that allows 4X4 full duplex recording. I can see this board being used for small club venue. Has four mic inputs, plenty of outs for room speakers, stage monitors and recording simultaneously, or as a practice/rehearsal mixer. For the price you can't go wrong. It works good with all types of mics, eletric, condenser, dynamics, ribbons. Again the sound is clean and transparent, very professional. It is small so my two fit easily on my computer desk. i use mine daily, it's one of those things that helps feed my music addiction. I have only two minor complaints about this unit; 1. it has no on-off switch. 2. the headphone output is wimpy. Wussy headphone output is common to almost all small mixers this size. Half a dozen or so manufacturers use the same electronics/design in these boards. Electronics has grown over the past decades, A mixer of this quality would have cost thousands not so far back. This is one of the most useful tools in my arsenal of music stuff.  Easy to use so it's great for  beginners. Something I really have fun with.                
i play guitar and sing backups,and a few whole songs in a rock band, and this thing is gonna help my voice sound much better than going dry like i have been,i need anything to help my voice...lol...and this does the job!!!                
no power switch                
very easy this was my 1st time setting up a mixer and it was very easy!!!                
its plastic,but its a mixer not a stomp box                
awesome value!!! i would pay double the price for this mixer!!!                
i had a problem in the past with behringer with a guitar amp i bought,it took a while but they gave me a sweet upgrade...hopefully i wont have any problems with this mixer,seems like it will be fine though,ill give manufacturer support a 9 on my past experiance with behringer                 
100 effects to chose from and having the fx level on each channel and the main fx for the board is great!!!also the mic preamps are a good plus!!!                
good little mixer!!!easy to set up,sounds great!!! i give this thing a 9 on features because it has no on-off switch,i just went and bought a small power strip so i dont have to keep plugging and unplugging the power since the input to the board is kinda flimsy,the sound is nice and clear,to set a effect channel you want dont forget to push down on the fx selection button to set a effect or your just gonna be in the test mode lol like i did for a whole practice..lol..duh..(if the number on display is blinking your not set) for a $110.00 you cant go wrong with this baby!!! even in test mode i was happy...lol...but now i know how to set effects wow the sounds are great!!! i would pay double for this mixer,and oh yeah itll be great for our small venue playouts very easy to set up and small...                
So far, I have been blown away by these preamps. I have a mackie 1604vlz that I use in the studio, and wanted something portable so I wouldn't have to undo everything when we played a gig that required our own stuff.

I started testing this last week so I could get a feel for it before our next show. We were playing along when I noticed something...silence.

There was no hiss. Just clean warm sound. So far so good!                
Built in effects are cool...not listing the effects...not cool.

I get get that you can't give full control over every effect in such a small package...so you have 99 presets and something should take. Honestly, the reverb sounds pretty good. However, there is nothing in the manual about the effects...only something writtin on the board itself saying something to the effect of 1-16 reverb, 17-29 mod...etc

I would rather not play with 99 presets to find the sound I am looking for, I still have no idea if one of the effects is compression.

So the features seem nice...the instructions and usablility of them...so far, not so good.                
see above.

The mixer itself is really straight forward, the effects section, much less so.                
I won't know until I use it for a while, but it has a nice weight to it, and 'feels' well made.                
So far, its a great value!                
no idea...hopefully I won't find out either :)                
Its a mixing board...I guess its nice looking, but...its a mixing board.                
I would get another...great sound, small, and convenient.

Besides, once I finally figure out all 99 presets, I will be damned if I am NOT going to have it :)                
I use this mixer to sub-mix my keys, vocals (both dry and post Voicelive Touch), as well as my guitar and a monitor mix.  This provides a perfect 'more me' setup for my IEMs (output of mixer feeds a limiter box and then to my in-ears).  One of the biggest complaints for this mixer has been that the blue power LED used to be so bright on stage, it would blind you and you would have to cover it with tape.  Not any more, great news is that Behringer replaced it with a normal brightness orange LED.  The only other issue for me is aligning the power cord plug into the mixer body correctly on a dark stage without bending or breaking the pins in the cord plug.  I had to apply white electrical tape to the cord plug and make a 'sharpie' mark to indicate proper plug orientation.  Great mixer at a great price.                
Budget price budget sound!                
The FX is great,  The 100 FX are listed in an appendix to the manual which can be downloaded.                
Very intuative.                
No problems at this early stage.                
Nothing matches the bang for buck.                
Very helpful phone support before and after purchase.                
Looks and feels great!                
This will suit my limited needs for quite a while.  Where have i heard that before :-)                
This model is about to be discontinued for the USB one that will cost more.  So grab one while they last.  I needed extra mic and inputs for my Bose L1 Compact.  I now have studio quality effects on all channels.  You can find a sheet of the effects to print out  if you do some searching on line.                 
Purchaced this in 2010. Previously I was using a USA made Mackie 1202.
The Mackie lacked effects, it's only shortcoming.
The Behringer XENYX 1202FX Mixer is an amazing piece of gear.
My advice pertaining to Behringer gear in general is to HANDLE WITH CARE. 
The stuff is fragile. This one has been transported in a hard breifcase with enough room for all the hook ups and more.
This unit was produced in 2009 and is going on 6 years of regular use and running strong. I have set this baby up over 850+ times (one to four hrs).
I stopped using a bigger Behringer mixer in my band gigs because this one was always in my trunk and it worked for my single act and small band venues
So, it's all about protecting the sliders,knobs and that tricky power supply jack.
It even took a line in from another mixer,no problem.
If you can live in a 1/4 inch world check this out!!!
Can't beat it for the money, it's my second one, the first one was Non Fx. It handled so much just wonderfully! But the euro rack is better organized wire wise and worth the extra money. I will eventually upgrade to that one...it will be part of a rack box set up. I had trouble registering  product, but so cheap who cares, they want receipt uploaded...like it's really necessary. Power display  is meant to stay on, not broken.                
This mixer is the only one I've seen in it's class. Anything else at 100 bucks is a line mixer or something. This is actually gigworthy for a small band. Particularly if you have powered speakers! Then, your load in is easy, set up is easy, use is easy, tear down and leaving is easy. Sure beats the days of a rack of gear to do the same amount of work. It needs a power switch. But, the weaker point in the design is the input for power. It has very fragile pins and they are not marked well. If you don't line them up right, you will easily destroy the plug. I don't know why they couldn't use the same 'computer' plug everybody else has. I used white paint to mark teh arrow that shows the right way to insert the plug. At a gig, it can be dark...Anyway, that pretty blue light is too darned bright and can keep you from seeing the controls in a darker setting. Behringer has this light on many of their products and it is annoying. Over all, the mixer is very good. Fix those things and it would be excellent. I really don't have any experience with their support service, but it doesn't seem right to down grade them for having great stuff that doesn't breakdown.                
Solo acoustic sometimes duo.. perfect for an easy set up. Dial in your favorite reverb, set it & go. Light equipment. I am very careful with it since it could be delicate. Don't want to take the chances of finding out.                
Just plugged in this mixer and put it through its paces. The sound quality is really good. I have it hooked up to a Tapco 1400 power amp, so I've got plenty of headroom. (overkill?) My Takamine acoustic sounds full & rich, and vocals are clear & strong.Two criticisms: 1. The power cord uses a funky, small computer typ multi-pin connector that was a pain to get lined up & plugged in. Bad design decision.2. My unit contains built in effects with 99 pre-sets, but the unit comes with a manual and a catalog, and the listing of the effects is nowhere to be found. Will have to go online & hunt them down. Other than that, I'm very happy with the mixer.  *Have no experience with Behringer customer support, but they made me rate them!                
I now have two and use them with stand alone high power PA amps. They sound great. I have a bunch of Behringer gear and have never been let down.                 
This is a very good piece of equipment that should handle most of your needs for small and larger venues.  The build in FX processor really adds a great touch.  Don't know where your going to find another piece of equipment that does everything this will at this price.  The only improvement I would make would be to add sliders instead of knobs.                
Works perfect with my Bag Amp to put some effects on the vocals. Sounds great for little money.                
Mic pre-amps are silent. Effects work as advertised.  Sounds good for a tiny little mixer.  I was honestly surprised that the Behringer product sounded this good.                
It is simplistic, but extremely functional. The channel controls are not as fine-grained as a full-sized mixer but I didn't expect them to be. The phantom power is an 'all or nothing' deal for all XLR inputs, but that's fine with me. The built in effects are a real bonus. You need the included cheat sheet to know which effects you're dialing up, but I rarely change the setting, so it works for our band. There is no on/off power button that I can find, so I've resorted to using the power button the amp to prevent clunks and chunks. If it's plugged in...it's on.                
Really easy to use if you understand anything at all about sound. It's pretty intuitive and it does what it's supposed to. It's easy enough that I can adjust the mix in the middle of a rehearsal without putting down my bass.                
Seems solid. I've only been using it for a month, but no issues so far.                
Extremely high! For far less than $100, I have a small sized 12-channel mixer with the essential features that I need. I combined it with a 200W rack-mount amp and can run a monitor mix at rehearsals without breaking out the full-blown sound system.                
Haven't used.                
It's a mixer. It has lots of knobs and plugs and it has a pretty blue light and an LED number display and some of the LEDs blink on an off with signal. It's entertaining to small children. Seriously...the small size, plus included features are what sold me on the Xenyx 1202FX mixer.                
I bought this mixer as a 'rehearsal' mixer for our band. We run 4 vocal mics, rhythm guitar, and keyboard through it. There are plenty of inputs to run bass and lead guitar as well, we've just chosen not to.                
I am the owner of a number of Behringer products and most have been pretty good if not excellent in performance and price. I thought this would have been the same with the 1202 FX Mixer. When I received the unit yesterday I plugged it in and after 5 minuets the bottom panel gets very hot, There is no on/off switch so you have to unplug it to turn it on and off. It comes with a proprietary electrical cord and transformer giving very little forgiveness if you lose or misplace that somewhere. The design for ventilation on the unit is very poor, anything that runs that hot is not going to last very long. Called zZounds and they were very cordial but I did have to pay the shipping back and waste a lot of time going to Fed Ex and UPS and the shipping costs are 20% of the mixer. With all manufactures of musical instruments, never take anything for granted. Ask the retailer the dumbest questions and safe yourself some grief and time .If you cant test it out at the local music store or their are insufficient reviews on You Tube beware.                
Seems like a good little mixer EXCEPT I wasnt' aware that it was NOT powered . Make sure you have all supporting equipment before buying (POWER AMP)....then you'll be good to go. I'm rating it a 3 on sound simply because I was not aware that it could not be used as a direct plug in for shows and because it's not powered, it's quiet. Once properly connected to a powered source, I'm sure it will be fabulous.  SOLID make, GREAT quality of sound if using for studio work, and will be equally as great for shows once powered....(did I mention it's NOT powered?? LOL)                
Good quality sound. It respons very well. Im not sure yet how to utilize the special effecta since im only using it for karaoke.                
It does well for karaoke, i do not use it for a guitar.                
I really hate that it doe snot have a power switch. If i had known would have bought something different. I dont want the hassle of returning the item and waiting longer.                
No power switch. Dont understand the idea, or lack of.                
Yes, i would replace with something else.                
Behringer is a German base company. Fine engineering typical of the Germans. but made by a substandard Chinese manufacturer. The power jack is unlike anything I have ever seen. 3 tiny pins no longer than 3 millimeters and a Jack housing on the board that does not hold the jack plug securely. 4 times in the middle of recording the jack fell out on it's own. the very cheap Plastic Plug in chord has a life of it's own. Being barely pliable it is prone to reverting back to it's original wound state, which pulls the jack out of the board. the board itself is the cheapest plastic I think I've ever come across. I had to not only tape down the plugin jack but also tape down a barrier to keep the weight of my guitar cable from pulling it off the desk. this bottom has no rubber bumpers typical in most all electronic devices is made of the pre-molded body of the board and is very slick. I sent the first one back thinking it was just defective. The second board was no different and I sent it back too. Don't buy this board unless you are into the cheapest Chinese made product on the market.                
Praising what is good and what is not so good is MOOT. The power chord connection to the mixer is loose and sloppy and prone to loosing power if the power cable is even brushed by another cable. It is the worst power connection I've ever seen. 3 very tiny post that barely go deep enough for a  connection. I sent for a replacement and it was exactly the same. Behringer is from Germany and known for excellence in engineering and build. It is no longer made in Germany. Alas it is just another piece Chinese manufactured junk. If I were the head of Behringer I would be highly embarrassed to see the companies fine  products reduced to junk by the Chinese.                
I'm giving the sound 10 because there is no way even those "big" name mixers can approach this small baby! The mic preamps are simply sweet! It is even good to use it for recording...                
It has everything a small mixer needs. The effects are very good for live performance applications.                
No need to go to kindergarten to be able to use it!                
Strongly built! Although the older versions seem to be stronger, but it is perfectly good.                
I would pay double the price and still be very happy.                
Did not need them.                
Perfect high-quality compact mixer. Good for live and even recording. The preamps are sweet!                
Very good, clean sound with little noise. It's a great improvement from my old Behringer mixer.                
It has more than all other mixers in the price range, even some costing $100 more. The effects are clean and crisp, BUT, and this is why I'm giving it a 5, it doesn't have a ON/OFF switch! Come on Behringer, I'd pay $5 more for it! Need to unplug it every time I turn it off, which is pretty annoying.                
As easy as any other mixer                
Looks well built, very compact.                
Awesome value for my money                
Haven't tried to reach them                
I was a little worried about getting a set of mics for 40 buck, but once i received them i was impressed with the quality, and then I plugged them into my board at our church and WOW what a difference, everyone noticed how clear they sounded. I was so impressed i ordered another set. Highly recommend them.                
Our trio needed some mic fixing fast and CHEAP!!! I can't say enough about these mics. We thought we'd be tweaking for hours. Right away, we were pleasantly surprised. Within minutes, no "tweaky" feedback. I am using them in the studio and out in front at gigs and there great. Everybody knocks Behringher, people need to get a grip. 80% of our gig rig is and it's awesome stuff. People say we sound like the radio.                 
These mics are solid and well made. I have had em a few months to abuse and no beefs to report.                
Flexible for the most part....they were only $34 bucks. For this price I could not have made em doing for us what there doing????                
nicely made                
no                
it's a freakin mike....want sexy, go retro and blow a wadd                
For now, a nine as we have agreed to wear these out before we worry about some 58's.....think it's going to be a while?                
We bought these mics to replace cheap cordless mics that sounded horrible. These are much better but they will pick up any bump from the stage or mic stand. Have to use wind screens even at indoor events to cut back on the vocalist breath from being picked up by mic.                
The case and the mic holders are a plus.                
If you can hold it in front of your mouth you can use it. If your sound guy can plug it in to the right connection it works. Does not work when turned off (just picking on vocalist).                
Very durable                
We payed a little more than the price here would recommend them to anyone looking for mics on a budget. For live performance. But if you want to record spend the money to get better quality.                 
Hold it or put it on a stand (just kidding) have not needed any.                
The question here is sex appeal, but my daughter and a young man use these for ministry no sex appeal desired!                
We have already purchased better mics but keep these for back up. If we were not planning on recording these would have been fine for our needs. We lead worship for youth and small worship services and they work good giving a natural sound to the voice. My only complaint would be they have none or very little noise canceling properties and pick up a lot of excess noise in the area of the mics when left on.                
Found these mics to have very good sound quality. They have no prblem picking up multiple voice ranges. I'am using them in my home studio with a small PA system.                
Having 3 mics all the same makes it very easy to set EQ's and FX. Having a nice case aids in safe storage when not in use. All in all, I can't say anything negitive about these Behringer mics.                
Very easy to get good sound when mixing with other vocalists.                
These mics seem of good quality as do my other Behringer products, well made and if you need looks in a mic, these will fit the bill.                
Three vocal mics that sound this good,and are of Behringer quality, should last a long time in my application, and this price you can not beat!                
N/A                
Was making music without mics. Now we have fun hearing and recording with a little more volume and accent. Just adding to the enjoyment.                
I belive I'll get several years out of these mics and if that works out I'd buy them again. Oh' I'd buy them again even if their life span ends up shorter than mine.                
I got these mic's and was impressed with them. I don't know why, but everyone tries to compare mic's to SM-58's. These stand on their own. They've got a great sound. I recommend them to anyone looking for a good deal, on a budget. Good sound , low cost.                
great mic's and they are super cardiod, which is a plus in pro gear, and they are very sensitive does not take much volume on these to make them come through the mix,                  
I got these mic's for an upcoming play and needed some extra ones, so the price was right. Mic's sounded better then our more expensive ones. They sounded so go I am buying another set to replace our other mic's.
Like one reviewer noted the plug hookup is hard to make lock, but i think a different end on the cord might help on that. Or some good old electrical tape around the connection.                
I bought these mics because I wanted the case and clips for my 58s. I was actually surprised how good they sound. I said I was going to throw the mic away but I've actually used them. A couple times at my writers nights with great review on them. I covered the name up on the mics with electrical tape. Everyone assumed they were expensive mics. For less than $40 it's a no brainer buy them keep them as back up mics. I'll buy another 3 pack soon just to have around.                 
I have owed 10 or 12 of these things over the years. They are a great 'stop gap' affordable mic                
These mics work fine for PA system in church. They provide clear audio for those speaking. They were a very good value.                
Compared side by side to a 58, it performs admirably. The gain and off axis rejection are on par. It is definitely a bit more nasally and less smooth than the 58.                
The box and clips were surprisingly good quality. The switch, however, has a small design flaw. It is press fit into the switch hole (as on most mixers, etc). This becomes a problem if you are like me and gaff tape over the switch for some gigs, because removing the tape means pulling the switch handle out. Given, it presses back into place just fine, but it can become a hassle. Also, the center portion of the mic cannot be disassembled to bypass/repair the switch.                
Not nearly the weight of a 58, but still reasonably sturdy feeling. The ball and capsule appear surprisingly solid (the capsule itself has a metal grill over it in addition to the mic ball, impressive). The xlr jack is a bit of a tight fit and some cords have a hard time locking in place, but with some wiggling they will.                
This is one of those deals that shouldn't require too much thought. If you could use a few decent throw-away mics, get this kit.                
Meh, gaff tape over the Behringer logo and swear to the backup singers its a sennheiser.                
Keep these mics until you have the budget for some 58s.                
You cannot go wrong for $20.  I've bought microphones that were $500 that sounded much flatter and lifeless.  I record into 8 or 4 track recorders and process into a program like ableton live, so I tweak everything afterward.  Tweak it up, compress, eq  and this mic is awesome.  My voice is sultry so it sounds awesome.  My only beef was that Fed Ex delivered my package to my neighbor's house across the street.  Good thing I was home and saw that.  
Buy it.                
Look,
I read the reviews, listened to youtube clips, etc...I'm a lead vocalist in a hard rock cover band and needed a better microphone.Bottom line, Whether this mic is as good as an sm58 is irrelevent.This thing is under $30, if you feel the need to buy a name than by all means,spend $100 on an SM58.But, obviously your not wanting to spend a bunch of cash on a mic,or you wouldn't be reading this right now. lolneither was I.I mean come on,I'm not a multi-platinum musician, and neither are you.I play in a band, we play bars, I bought this mic and it does the job just fine.If you buy it you'll have no regrets,as I said, it's under $30 for petes sake...                
we have 3 of these along with three sm58's, and and a difference between the 2 brands can't be heard.  the shure is slightly hotter, but that is easily compensated for on the board.  xm8500 has a good hearty wheight in the hand,  very little to no  mic handling noise.  our church has used them live for well over a year, and i have even used to record drums (especially toms) and guitar with great results.  best part?  you can get 5 of these for the $$ of the other brand!!                
I'm a professional sound engineer with my own sound company. I bought one of these microphones on a whim, thought I would use it for a backup. I had sennhauser misc for vocals, then I tried this mic. It sounds great! From then on I use this mic for front vocals, it's that good. Many singers look at it, and I tell them to at least try it. Everyone that has tried it likes it, and are amazed it's a Beringer. I'm thinking of getting a few more, why not, I want to see what else I can use them for. I'm very happy with it.                
I bought this Mic frm zZounds a few months ago and it is an excelent buy. Great sound, no noise and is well made. The singer in my friends band uses it every gig and she love it, it really brings out the great quality of her vocals. All in all an excellent Mic for anyone whether you gig every week or just once in a while.. BUY IT :)                 
I bought this microphone on a whim. I thought for $20 what do I really have to lose if it's a lemon. I just got it today and I put it through the wringers. I'm not a fan of the Shure SM58 microphone. This microphone puts the SM58 to the curb. I never seen what the big deal was on the Shure SM58. I never caught the fever and didn't understand all the hype. If you're going to go with a Shure microphone go with the Beta 58A if you want to spring the money for one. But getting back to this Behringer microphone. I couldn't believe I was singing through a $20 microphone. It is incredible. Like I said I'd put it up against the overrated Shure SM58 any day of the week. All I can say is give it a try and I'm sure you'll be writing a review similar to mine. Try it. You'll like it.                 
If you are a real professional vocalist, musician or sound man, this mic will not suit your needs. This mic lacks the full, "warm" sound that I am used to when I use my EV or a Shure. Feedback and handling noise is a real problem with this mic. For the price I would recommend this mic for young kids still in the garage, but not for the serious stage.                
I love this mixer! As stated by others effects usage is probably the hardest part of the mixer to figure out, but hey that's what there YouTube channel is there for and it was a lot of help in that area. My primary use is for my weekly karaoke gig. And the sound I'm able to get using the parametric eq's to bring out the vocals for my singers. Every week my crowds are growing as my singers pass the word around. And I get great comments from the club owners and singers. My next purchase will be the xr18 just for the more advanced recording flexibility, the xr12 only does 2 channel stereo recording and I want to be able to tweak my singers recordings and I'll be able to do that with the xr18. And the built in wireless works great with no issues and has great range to sit in the back of the room to make adjustments with my iPad. I've been able to reduce the weight of my 10 space rack case system by 20lbs removing components because it's all built on the the xr12.                 
This has made my sound stand out. I used 4 Behringer CE500bk with this mixer. Im so impressed with what it did. It made 4 80 watt powered speakers sound like I had MORE then 4 80 watt powered speakers!! This has the dacs and audio processing that cleans the sound up nicely. And no noise. I used for speech and light background music. But after doing that I see I can do a lot more sound wise.
4 mic inputs with 4 pair of 1/4" plugs. 2 of which are low z for direct instrument hook up. the 4 mic inputs are phantom powered as well. Aux sends and all channels are completely assignable thru the software. iOS, Android Windows. All work with no problems. There are so many features I can't begin to go thru them all on this review.                
Only thing you will need to setup is router. I used a simple NetGear router ($21) and plugged the mixer into port 1 on router. set up my own personal wireless network that only my iPad sees.                 
Its built well. You can put this unit under the table (not on the floor or ground) and just have the router on the table top, with the computer, tablet or phone running your controls. It has rack ears as well and rubberized sides. Also has handles.                
Its a win. All tech that do sound must get one.                
Didn't need it                
IM still finding out more about it.                
Overall, this mixer has everything you would need and some.                
This mixer makes everything sound better. It has so many features I'm still finding stuff everyday. Like other reviews have said, manuals are not helpful for features. 
I used this mixer with 4 Behringer CE500bk and 3 audio Technica mics and an iPad for back ground music. Just that alone was enough for close to 300 ppl to hear announcements and music. 
The effects are controlled via the iPad. The features with the iPad, Android or Windows are just amazing. You have so much control over your sound. You have full rack equipment all in your tablet ( maximizers, compressors, reverb, stereo exciters and many more) for total control over your sound. The software is stable and doesn't crash. 
I set mine up with a simple netgear router with the Ethernet cable plugged into "1" slot on router to the Ethernet on the mixer. I left the mixer under the table and all cables under the table. Only things on top the table is the iPads and router. And that's the setup. At home I found use for it in my  desk recording studio setup. It bring my music out full and up front. 
Behringer has made an excellent product yet again.                 
I've been a sound guy, singer, musician for a long time and the flexibility this little piece of equipment gives me and my band is unlike anything I've seen come along in regards to mixing. The quality of the sound is spot on, quiet, and responsive. I am nor experiencing any latency at all! It has all of the tools of the large digital boards, but without having to run a snake to a sound table that you had to either find a hole to set up or move a few people in the audience to set up....now I can sit right in the middle of them only taking up my seat and do all the mixing and fine tuning I need to do for whomever I'm mixing for! Only downfall is learning fx...a little tricky. And....all this for $299? Crazy!                 
I've been using this mixer for 6 months now and I have been impressed with it's ease of use and features that are included.  I've been a DJ/Karaoke host for 20+ years and this is the best mixer I have ever owned.  I'm able to bring out the singers voice with parametric eq's and ring out the speakers from the main mix.  I have every possible effect if could need for any situation.   and the price point is the best feature of all.  i've been able to remove 4 other pieces of equipment from my rack case because this mixer has every thing built into the software that I was using.   external eq's, reverb/delay, compressors.   I've dropped at 10 LBS out of my rack.  and packing in & out on a nightly basis this mixer has made things a lot easier on the back.                
First things first:  the mixer sounds good and it's easy to use.  Wi Fi works well and the unit is made well enough to last, if you treat it properly (as with any piece of equipment) - The things I would like changed (they could be via firmware and software updates) are:  
1) as it stands INSERT EFX take a spot from the SEND effects.  That's a limitation because the inserts effect should be a separate entity from the send effects.  Processing power should not be an issue nowadays when you have phones that can do amazing things.  Seems Behringer is stripping down the unit for no reason.
2)  The USB playback does NOT read mp3! If you want to play music on breaks and/or use some backing tracks you will have to do everything in WAV, the ONLY supported format. Again, totally unnecessary limitation and a short sighted one.
3)  You can use the 31 band EQ on STEREO out and BUSSES only - if you want to take care of problematic feedback on individual channels using the 31 band eq...you can't.
4) on the subject of feedback: why not add an automatic, real time feedback process since Behringer already has it in other units? They already have the software. OF course, you can tune the room before but, that's not always possible on smaller gigs, especially when people are already there. No one wants to listen to you "ringing" the speakers.
5)  Would have been nice to have an additional STEREO out with an analog volume control. There is a phone out but, would be nice to have another out for monitoring the live mix with a set of speakers in certain situations.
Those are my wish list changes. The mixer does sound good and it's super easy to use. Some the UI could be improved and surely they will continue to issue new updates to both firmware and software.  
Their support is non-existent as is the documentation. The Wiki page is useless for the most part and their forums seem to be taken over by "know-it-all" users that look down upon features request making it useless to post there. I hope Behringer addresses those issues. I think in an effort to cut down on their customer service expenses they have actually created an endless (and useless) loop of Wiki Page, links that are wrong, lacking documentation and hostile forums.                
It sounds beautiful.  clean and clear, with no hum present.  the sound control is crazy.  My guitarist plugged direct in and through all the FX options was able to model his desired amp tone, as well as all the pedals he used.  If you are a minimal pedal fiend, the four channels within the single guitar channel are enough.  If you are an effects fanatic, you can use the fx loop option and run it before or after.  The control over your sound is just plain nuts.  It carries effects for each of the 16 channels, you can set up memory presets and switch your sound for individual parts of each song in your set lists, which your sound guy can change or roadie, if you are lucky enough to have one.                
Want to record into a computer for an album? check.  Want to run and charge your iPhone while you are on a break? check.  I listed the features per channel in the sound section.  Have an Android phone?  You can run your mix.  Have an iPhone?  Get an iPad.  This is my only gripe, and its not much of one.  You can operate from an Android phone, but not an iPhone.                
Once you download the ap, you can get started right away.  I wish Behringer had included a little further instruction.  There are so many functions and so much capability of this system, I'm sure the book would weigh 20lbs.  There also is not much I could find on the Behringer website.  I will continue to look.  However, just playing around with the system, finding new features and options are easy and take a little trial and error in some areas, but everything is easy to work through and you can always find your way home and undo any mistakes.  This ting is genius...just wish there were more instructions.                
So far so good.  I addressed this in the review section.                
What you get for the price is insane.                
More instructions would be nice, but I repeat myself.  You can find your way through, and I would guess that's as good a way to learn as any.                  
I am completely blown away...did I mention all this music mix goodness only weighs 8lbs?  Hooray for easier load in and out.  We lost 90lbs by switching to this system and leaving the Peavey board at home.                
This mixer is so much more than I expected, especially for the price.  Everything will be detailed further in the review, and there's a lot of it.  They do not do justice to the features and capability on the product description...or the box it comes in for that matter.  The features on this mixer put it up there with most of your high-end mixers like Prosonus and the ilk.  As time goes by, the only thing I will be watching the durability and built quality, as with all things.  But comparatively, even if it breaks, I can replace it four times and still not equal the price of the major name mixers, so I'm not really that concerned.  I will continue to update.                
I love this thing! It's a little noisy but not bad for live applications. My only complaint is the manual is only available on wiki. I'd rather have something I can download and keep with me. This mixer is not for the novice; it has a lot of great features I haven't even begun to try yet.                 
What a great value in a digital mixer. I don't know how Behringer continues to crank out such HQ stuff at these prices but I'm thankful they do. My only complaint is that the USB is not a bi-directional audio I/O.  Seems like they could've easily implemented an audio interface via USB.                
By far my best investment in musical equipment ever!  Easy to use, easy to save rooms, easy to setup, easy to take down!                 
the purchase and I arrived on a Wednesday and Friday and the use did not have any kind of problem, The EQ and the Efx are very good                
Just purchased my second XR16 and could not be more happy. The unit arrived promptly and in fresh, sealed packaging. This mixer is a complete game changer for the small live video production arena. It's built solidly with high quality connectors and a practical 3RU space requirement. I strongly urge any purchaser considering using a tablet computer to use the Android app rather than the IOS application. I read a review by someone who said the Android app was a better interface and that is true, in fact it's brilliant. The MacOS application is also superb and works perfectly. My only warning is if you choose to rackmount the device you should use locktite or lockwashers on the screws holding the rack-wings. The screws will back-out if you travel the gear on any commercial jet.                
I'm not really happy with the Behringer X16 for several reasons. When I ordered it, it was defective (no power) I since replaced and notice that the wifi antenna is very fragile. The instruction manual is not helpful at all. I find myself going to YouTube quite often because the Behringer staff doesn't seem to cover the basic troubleshooting needed for new users.                
Mixer works great when its working. But can become a nightmare when it's not. When I first bought it, I tested and played with all its features. However, I used it at an ideal gig education was a short theatre performance. I could not link the mixer to 3 different devices and the customer was on my butt. I ended up grabbing an analog console. Customer lost, Lesson learned.                
Mixer works great when its working. But can become a nightmare when it's not. When I first bought it, I tested and played with all its features. However, I used it at an ideal gig education was a short theatre performance. I could not link the mixer to 3 different devices and the customer was on my butt. I ended up grabbing an analog console. Customer lost, Lesson learned.                
The Midas preamps in this board are excellent. Our friends, fans and even club owners have commented about the improvement sound, particularly complimenting the clarity of our vocals - none of them knowing that we have changed out equipment. The intelligibility and cohesion of our mix is noticeably improved.                 
The most obviously useful feature here is the built-in WiFi that will support up to 4 devices at once. I use a 10" Samsung tablet for a mixer view, and an additional smaller tablet to keep the FX window available for tempo tapping. My guitarist uses his droid phone to mix monitors. We've never had a signal dropout.
The RTA built-in to the graphic EQ on every output has afforded me the best monitor mixes we have ever had. All of the audio processing in this mixer are outstanding.                 
There is a learning curve with this board, however it is pretty easy to get a great sound. One must remember that the user has to tell this board how you want your signal routed, i spent a couple of tense moments on night #1 before I noticed that I had not yet specified that the software Buss 1 had to be routed to the physical Aux 1 in the app.                 
I am impressed with the build quality. The jacks and switch are of good quality. The WiFi antenna seems like it might be a little bit vulnerable, but nothing makes me question how long this mixer will last. Seems pretty tough.                 
I think this mixer is a real sleeper - a small device with huge performance. I have had zero buyer's remorse and would gladly buy another one.                 
There is quite a bit of user info sharing on the web, whereas Behringer doesn't offer much in-depth instruction or support. I didn't really need it, and I doubt you would either.                
Huge wow factor here with the wireless mixing!                
I am very impressed with this mixer. I perform 2-3 times per week with my 4-piece rock band and primarily wanted to downsize some of our bulky PA gear. I did not expect the quantity and quality of outstanding features that the XR18 offers and delivers on. The networking and WiFi aspects were a little intimidating before I opened the box but have proven to be flawless. I had planned on giving myself a week to become acclimated to this mixer before taking it on a gig - I ended up using it and getting great results the same night that it arrived. We have now used the XR18 on at least 20 gigs and I am completely pleased and totally impressed.                
Out of the box the unit was very intuitive and easy to use for me, an old school analog type. After one practice we used the mixer for a gig with the iPad Ap.  Every thing worked great. Our sound guy had his own iPad and we had one on stage to tweak monitors as needed. Based on reading and watching several tutorial videos, It does appear that the Android Ap is more robust, and we will give that a try eventually.  I would recommend looking up some videos and sorting through them for new ideas and applications.  Overall very satisfied with the unit and with zZouns with this my second purchase from them.                
Our band has been using the XR18 for 8 months (or so). Set up in small venues is great; no hassling with a snake and mixers, just put the box on the stage, plug in and do all the mixing from a tablet.
Issues we've had has been related to adapting to the mixer applications. Each different device (iPad, Android, Windows) are programmed slightly different. They are laid out differently and may have features that aren't found between apps. For instance, mixing just for monitors in a bus output to the stage; I set an Android device in front of the guitar player - the Android app allows you to select and show only the faders for a given output (such as bus1). This allows the guitar player to dial in his own mix without accidently changing the main mix. 
I am the keyboard player and bought one for personal use with my DAW. Through USB, it is possible to record 16 channels straight to audio channels in the DAW. I have yet to try this out, but it seems pretty straight-forward. In the meantime, I've been bringing it to our practice and working with the others in the band to show them the capabilities it has. We've been experimenting with the effects; there are so many things to choose from. It makes sense that the musicians get to know how this thing works. Our sound man has encouraged us to work with this thing so we all have an easier time when it comes to setting up and performing.                
I haven't had a chance to A/B the pre's on this with any other unit, but I will say that they sound good.                
Where do I even start? This thing will replace an entire refrigerator rack full of gear. The 6 buses are great for monitor mixes. Being able to record live performances on the track level is absolutely amazing (I would recommend checking out TracksLIVE for recording). Having EQ/Comp/Gate settings on each channel is great. I haven't really dug into the FX yet, but what little I've heard sounded good.                
There IS a learning curve to this unit and if you're not familiar with the basics of technology I could see you having a difficult time initially. HOWEVER, it's definitely worth spending the time familiarizing yourself because once you get the hang of it it will make running sound infinitely easier in the long run.                
The unit build itself seems to be quality. It comes with rack ears and once installed it sits solid in the rack. The Combo jacks seem like they will stand up to years of use.                
Amazing value. Like I mentioned before it has already saved me approx $500 on In ear monitors, and it will also save you time and money by replacing tons of outboard gear you no longer have to haul around.                
I haven't dealt directly with support, but they do have a product forum in which they are active. There are facebook groups for the XR series and I see company reps answering questions in there quite a bit. Also, Their dev dept seems to be on the ball with frequent firmware updates and application updates.                
Digital mixers such as this one are game changers. For me the HUGE wow factor here is being able to run your monitor mix from a phone. Everyone knows a bad monitor mix can derail and entire show, now there are no more excuses. Also being able to track your live performances w/o any additional hardware (other than a laptop) is amazing.                
For many years I wouldn't even allow anything with the name "Behringer" into my signal chain. But when i saw the XR18 and all of the features it promised I had to check it out. I've had it for a few months now and mainly use it for band rehearsal with in ear monitor mixes. First and foremost, the unit almost immediately paid for itself with it's headphone output. You can assign the headphone source to just about anything, so in our case we assigned it to BUS5 and use it as a monitor mix for our drummer. This not only saved us from having to spend $500 on ANOTHER IEM pack, but he also gets his own dedicated monitor mix.I've read other reviews where people complain about the built in wifi cutting out but I haven't had any issues with it. However, the 2.4ghz spectrum (wifi) can get pretty crowded in some areas, and this can cause problems with ANY wireless device so if you plan to gig with this unit I would always be prepared to run hardwired to a laptop in a worst case scenario.There are currently applications released for Windows/OSX android & Ipad, but it's my understanding that an iphone app is still under development. Don't let the lack of an iphone app hold you back though. I use a cheapo $40 android tablet to control my XR18 and it works great. Overall I'm very happy with my purchase. The bang for your buck factor here is extremely high.                
I purchased this about a month ago and, given all the features it has and the low price, I was a bit skeptical that it would deliver. How wrong I was !  We have been using it for all our gigs and it has proved to be the best investment I've ever made. We all run in-ear monitors from a separate bus so, everyone has his own personal mix. Each guy has the app on a phone or, tablet and, can tailor his own monitor mix to suit his taste. FOH could not be easier as you can walk around the club and get the mix perfectly set. The lack of running snakes, carrying equipment racks, and wedges cut our setup time dramatically ( And made it easier on our backs)  We are a 5 piece Country, Rock, R&B band and, this mixer is a must-have for any gigging band.                
We just replaced half of our sound system with this thing. Small live venue we replaced our snake, Mackie 24.4 and all our rack gear. If you properly set up the gain staging this thing is awesome in a live setting, the mic pre's are clear, the built in dynamics work amazingly well. We just purchased 3 Kindle fires to run the xair Q app so monitors can be run from the stage. speaking of monitors the graphic eq with built in rta made ringing out the monitors so easy, I was able to do it myself from the stage. Built in effects are not bad either                
I work at a night club 7 days a week I use this 7 days a week. I have famous Mexican bands come in and some bring their engineer some bring expensive gear. I have out beat them with this. People have ask me to teach them the come in with yamahas tf5 and the have years ahead of me. I have a secret I play 7 instruments and heir it all. This is all you need and pride. Has all you need good fx and echo compression gate. Bottom line what els you want?? Something that does the work for you? Then don't call your self an engineer                
My only regret is not buying one sooner. 
Do your homework. Watch as many videos as possible. It's easy to get a solid mix in a short time. This unit eliminated two racks of gear. The endless effects (up to 4 per channel), 6 aux sends (I use one for subs), and an affordable price tag. We've used it for months, and no hiccups at all. If you're looking for an affordable digital mixer, this is the one.                
I have had this for over two weeks and have used it on about 8 gigs so far. The more I use it the better it gets. Highly tweakable! Sounds awesome!!! Only downside is the different app interfaces between the different platforms. I have familiarized myself with them all pretty good so it isn't that much of a pain to deal with now.                
Lots to like about this mixer - small footprint, extra line inputs (17,18), easy to use, apps are pretty easy to navigate.  It has two glaring flaws and they're both related to the built in WiFi.  
First, 802.11g is an old protocol and for looking at screen redraws, it's slow and laggy.  If more than one device is connected, it can take 3-5 seconds to register a fader move.  That's useless in a live situation.  
Second, the encryption options are Open, which no one should do, or WEP, which was cracked more than a decade ago.  
Since wireless IS the interface of this mixer, you should expect to add $100 or more to the cost for a good, but small wireless router to keep in your gear bag.  It's a huge overlook that was clearly driven by marketing to say wireless was built in.  Mackie is coming out with a similar mixer, and hopefully it doesn't fail here too.                  
Just purchased and am using it with Logic Pro X. The way it has increased my efficiency and workflow is mind-blowing. And the best part is it actually works! I didn't rate manufacturer because I haven't used them.                
This is a great controller for the price. But, I use Pro Tools primarily, so the device is limited by HUI limitations. So, in Pro Tools the master fader (9th) is inoperative. Most people are aware of this HUI limitation already. But another HUI limitation is that the scribble strips are not in full color, just black/gray backlit.Having said that, the scribble strips are impossible to read unless you're right on top of the surface, literally. I have to mix standing over the unit in order to see the strips. Other than that, it's great, I plan to buy another for 16 channel control.                
If you are a Logic Pro user this thing is awesome. in fact i am starting to think they created the X-Touch primarily for Logic. It was easy to set up and all the buttons work as they are supposed to. In my opinion, Behringer hit a home run with this one. for the price you are not going to find a better controller for Logic Pro.I also use Pro Tools and Digital Performer. With these, the X-touch works, but there is less functionality. The faders, pan and transport all work fine but not all the special function buttons. I am hoping in future updates this will be fixed. but since logic is my primary DAW, i am thrilled with the X-Touch                
I use this with Presonus studio one. This is really a surface controller for Logic so you won't get a lot of the bells and whistles if you use it with anything but. It's really limited with Pro-Tools. I use it in conjunction with a Xtouch compact and they both work flawlessly together. Again, this was really designed for Logic but it suits my needs for what I use it for.                
this controller worked instantly and perfectly with my software (reaper, harrision mixbus, tracktion). it does everything as advertised and the fader noise isn't noticeable to me when i'm using to mix. 
my only real compliant is that it is a bit bigger then i'd like. it's sorta boxy and feels a little oversized. mostly it's too tall and a bit bulky / chunky. on the plus side it feels very sturdy. 
when i received it noticed it was used. it appears i was sent accidentally sent a refurbished unit instead of a new one. 
i contact zZounds and they were super helpful. they offered a full refund / return or exchange at no cost to me. they also offered me a generous partial refund. i went with the partial refund and kept the unit, because it works perfectly and does exactly what i thought it would do. 
also, i tried to register it with behringer so i could claim my free tracktion 7 daw software download code. i contacted behringer several times and they never responded to give me my warranty registration infor or my download code. not a big deal but i was hoping to get the tracktion software as advertised.                 
I never review products, but this one is worth taking the time. Excellent Stuff! I am very meticulous and precise when it comes to setting up my guitars. Tuning inconsistencies bug the hell out of me. Even with good locking tuners and a Graphtech nut, the tuning stability of my Wilkinson tremolo was alway a little erratic. Adding just a tiny bit to each nut slot during string changes makes my Tremolo action and tuning smooth and stable.                
I have 6 guitars of which one is a Gibson Led Paul. Gibson guitars can be difficult to keep in tune due to the angle of the neck and string nut pressure ratio. I've used the product on my Gibson & other guitars and found it to be useful in keeping my stringed instruments in tune. I can attest that it does a great job and I have found no better performing product currently on the market. Want to keep your guitar in tune with minimal clean up after application? This will do the job for you. Thanks zZounds for your outstanding service!                
Use this stuff at every string change on all contact points. It would probably be best used on the nut and protect it from wear. Would recommend this stuff to buy.                
Clear, penetrating, full sound, with a  pitch range that inspires experimentation with new sounds.                
Videos are good, expecially because a theremin is an instrument that most will have to learn without a teacher.                
It is made well, although since I do not travel with the instrument, I cannot attest to its ruggedness when disassembled and reassembled on a regular basis.                
It is what you have to pay in order to get a good theremin, so it is worth the price.                
Moog music ws very helpful when contacted. They took an interest in my problem, which was one related to tuning the instrument when tuning was beyond the capacity of the external controls.                 
 A theremin is an instrument that always amazes those who hear it. This is not so with, say, a piano, guitar or drumset. Sometimes the theremin seems more interesting than the performer.                
When I bought it, it was considered to be the one to buy... maybe not the most expensive, but a serious instrument. Now, whenever there is a better instrument out, I will want it.                 
Theremins have different sounds. Other review statements notwithstanding, this is neither the only theremin on the market, nor the least expensive. Bob Moog was most instrumental (pun gently intended) in bringing the theremin back to public consciousness, and the Etherwave models are quite playable, though non-linear in pitch response. What distinguishes them from others is the more brass-like sound. Others (soundslikeburns, for instance) have the more string/vocal sonority. It's all about preference.                
Quite good. There are two knobs that, when used together, allow some slight changes in tonality. Subtle but there. I love the 3/8" rod antennae. They look substantial and are attractive. The instrument can be ordered from various sources in a variety of finishes, including black, white, and several wood stain colors.                 
Theremin is not an easy instrument to play, but it's a serious one. Expect it to take practice. Avail yourself of some of the online lessons on YouTube by Thomas Grillo. Peter Pringle and Moog offer instructional DVDs. Many theremin players are self-taught. Don't kid yourself, be patient and prepared to suck while you learn the ropes. No frets, no keys, nothing to guide you but sense memory and practice, practice, practice.                 
The build seems excellent to me. Most Moog products throughout the company's history have been built with pride and passion.                 
One might wish they were still making the Etherwave Pro. It had a more linear response, and looked really cool. Lots of people are playing them on YouTube. But it's history, and used ones are commanding in the $6000 range! For the price, if you like the brass-like sonority (I didn't, preferring the more string-like or vocal sound of the B3) it's a complete winner at this price. But a good, playable unit can be had for half this.                
I haven't used it personally, but Moog support is fabled.                 
Like every Moog product, it does what it does with sturdiness, style, elegance and that Moog charm we've known since the '70''s. The  Moog legacy is being carried on proudly, though the world is poorer for the loss of Dr. Bob.                
From what I understand, people keep these for a long time. Why not? Sturdy build, attractive unit, good performance for the price.                 
The sound can't quite compare to the original theremins, but it is still excellent. Very tweakable.                
The theremin does not come with it's stand, but the knobs are very useful.                
Do not buy this thinking it will be easy to play. It is extremely difficult if you actually want to play. Sound effects are simple to produce, but true music takes dedicated practice.                
Although this is the only theremin on the market as of now, I do believe were there another one it could not be any better in construction.                
This can turn any concert into a magic show. It can mesmerize your audiences.                 
This instrument will stay with me hopefully for the rest of my life. Do not get this without getting a stand, and be prepared to suck at playing for a few weeks. When the playing is good however, it's a beautiful thing.                 
I think it sounds wonderful, like something between a trumpet, a human voice and a radio being tuned. amazing!                
I don't know, as I dont have one, though I would like to.                
Already owning the 1st gen of this pre, I knew it was good! The 1st gen is so thick and big sounding along side of being very smooth. Really smoothing out the "s" sound compared to other pres. I recently bought a UA 710 $800 pre and the 1st gen BLA stomped that one in the ground and at only $350. both Ua 710 and BLA had heavy hiss at high gains More so with the 710 and the BLA only had 30db gain. So returned the 710 and got this new BLA B12a Mk II and YAY! Sounds so good just like the first gen and with this one we have 50db gain along with barely any hiss even at maxed out gain! Black Lion Audio really know what they are doing and they charge less for more compared to UA where we pay for the name as well.                
This clock is by far the best possible upgrade one could make to their studio for under  $5000, and it only costs 1/5 of that! I have heard other clocks ten times the price, that although did likewise bring an absolute and undeniable improvement,  the improvement was not as drastic as with this BLA mk3, nor was it as easily affordable. This company is really doing something right and I don't know how long they've been around or how long they can keep this up, but I hope they do because their products are changing the game for small studios where every dollar must be wisely invested to maximize sonic improvements and keep us relevant in this competitive market.                
I usually wouldn't blink when thinking of an amp to buy and skip Blackstar without thought, but This amp is different.  They build a dual channel amp that stays really clean on Channel A but Channel B Goes easily to the end of breakup.  This is definitely a pedal platform and a well designed version at that.  There is more than enough volume for any gigs I do these day.. all of which has big PA systems and in ear monitors. Though this is a total curveball by Blackstar, it is a refreshing change. In an odd way, it reminds me of the Fender Deville, Michael Landua. which it two channel of clean... You get more power amp distortion due to the lower output wattage., which I think adds to the palate of tone you can get with this amp.                 
I play electric guitar weekly for my church which meets in an older, brick style room with minimal sound engineering thought out into it. We're also playing monitorless and without an amp room. Right off the bat, the odds are NOT in my favor. ***note - I'm running a Squier VM '72 tele thinline into an always on MXR custom comp with the volume at noon and sustain all the way down (because church volumes)***My goal for an amp is something that can sound decent at the (lack of) volume which I play at. I was really excited for this amp due to the versatility it boasts and all the reviews of it online. I loved the idea of different voicings for the channels and I couldn't wait to try the ISF knob. These were what I was excited for most when I bought it. Features: Channel one isn't for me. I don't know if it's because I can't cook the tubes, but it never sounds full. Think AM radio. The ISF is really interesting because it. It only changes the sound, but also the range of the BMT controls. The Bass gets boomy-er on the UK side, and the Mids are more responsive on the US side. I do like the reverb. I tend to keep it below 10 o'clock for a little space. I've got pedals for the absurd stuff. I haven't tested out the emulated output yet since all of our di's are in use.Quality: I don't know if mine is faulty, or if it needs to be retubed (damaged in transit?), but there's a constant hiss even when everything is turned down including the master volume. It gets covered by normal amp hiss the louder you turn up, but at bedtime levels, it's louder than your guitar. At daytime apartment levels, it's still prominent when you're not playing, but not louder than the guitar (think metal players without a noise gate). My iOS db meter clocks it at ~60 db.Sound: I decided to go with 3.5 stars because I did find a sound that I like so far (we've been playing as a 3 piece so far, we'll have 2 keyboardists join us this week). So far, Ive found that channel 1 doesn't work for me (at least at these volumes) and the UK side hides in my mix. Even a Sparkle Drive couldn't pick me back up. However, I decided to test the US side before I traded this amp in for something else and I'm glad I did! It's in your face, in the good way! Like I've mentioned, the bass is tight and the mids are more present. This definitely helps to cut through the mix. It sounded great this past week with only bass and drums, we'll see if it holds up this week when we have 2 keyboardists join us. So far, I like it. Time will tell if I end up trading it in for a fender if I'm only using it for fender tones anyways.Ease of Use: here's where it gets tricky. The controls seem easy enough, but the ISF totally changes the voicing of the tone controls for channel 2. When I turn the ISF, I always have to tweak the bass and mids.Value: Me, I might have gone either with an ac15, blues jr or even a hot rod deluxe. All of which are cheaper than this. However, I would still like to try this with the tubes cooking, possibly with an attenuator.The Wow Factor: I'm not able to play at loud volumes, but I was hoping for something versatile that sounds good at lower to moderate levels. That is not this amp. It's also a little noisy when there's no signal, so this definitely wouldn't have been my choice for church where there's a lot of downtime between sets.                
First off, I love black stars features and the love they put into there products. When I received mine visual everything was pleasing to look at. Features wise, it had everything I needed for the music I play (effects loop, 2 channels, etc). The sound however I would describe it as warm and farty when cranked. Maybe I got defect on the isf controls but no matter how much I played with the tone, I could never get a clear bright clean tone. I was just gonna wait it out till I could have a replacement but instead I returned it and went with a voxac30c2x.                 
Just got this last week and absolutely love it........can't wait to get the 5 button footswitch which will essentially make this a 6 channel amp with 3 channels and a boost for all of them.......zZounds staff was great and very patient with me as I first ordered a fender hot rod deluxe which had a problem......then a marshall dsl 40 combo that I just didn't care for the sound.........good amp just not the sound I was looking for then a marshall origin 20 combo.....sounded great but not enough power.......all good amps just not what I was looking for......then I got this and everything I wanted was there.......cleans that are amazing and the overdrives are some of the finest I've ever heard........and the reverb is quite nice and very useable unlike many amps I've played........plus the 12 monthly payments makes this quite affordable and in my budget.........many thanks to Blackstar and zZounds for making me sounds as good as I can........oh yea........buy one of these you'll love it......have not needed tech support but assuming it will be great too                
I was looking for an all in one amp for home use and gigs. I live in an apartment so I can't afford to be loud all the time. The 4 watt mode tames the amp very nicely. It can get plenty of saturation at volumes lower than the tv. The clean channel is just that. Clean. It is on par with my Peavey classic 30. The gain channel can be shaped to sound any way you like. I would recommend this amp for any style of player. The reverb isn't going to blow you away but I always prefer pedals to onboard fx.                 
I have been a Blackstar amp owner and guitar player for 40+ years.  This amp has what it takes to be a front runner whether playing at home or gigging out.  The cleans are crystal clear and the the OD channel is absolutely amazing.  With the voicing switch, it allows you to put a little dirt in the clean channel and makes the OD channel come alive.  Blackstar hit the nail on the head with this series of amps.  I highly recommend you purchase one....you won't regret it....                
Well it ain't going to set the world on fire with volume. BUT it is plenty loud for it's intended use. it is perfect for jamming along with your computer, DVDs, MP3s. It's cute. Delay is very good. Gain is good and not cheap or tinny. I got it for desktop use to play along with lick lessons. No need to plug in a big amp. This little guy has really nice clean to grit tone without blowing the windows out. Especially for blues. It cleans up rolling the volume back like a big amp. And it seems to be pick sensitive. Don't worry about the little speaker fizzing out. It would be great for traveling and playing in a hotel room. It could get loud enough to annoy neighbors in a hotel room.It does sound like a full size amp and it is very addicting to play. At some time I may spring for the extension speaker but for now it is perfect.                
This box sounds good for what it is. Way better than those other minis. Watch the shoot out on you tube. Clean and overdrive and delay all sound good. I have a blast with it and dont have to fire up my stack or other large amps. I leave it on my bar and when i want to practice just plug in and turn it on. I actually play more now since its so handy. I haven't had to use manufacturers support.                
It works great for rehearsing and accompanying acoustic guitars. It's bigger than I thought it would be which is a good thing because from the pictures I thought it would fall over with a cord plugged in. It doesn't! It just sits there and busts out great sound. Oh, and zZounds made the deal easy.                
Amp is very light duty. I feel like I might blow the Speaker. Good for jamming tunes but not so good for Bass. I would spend the extra and get a Roland Bass cube .                
Love this little amp.
Sounds great.
The clean channel has a bit better sound than the OD channel.
There are plenty of demos on YouTube to hear for yourself.
The mini stack comes in a box. Blackstar doesn't make a carry case for the 2 speakers, which would have been nice.
Who wants to carry their portable amp around in a box?
Not me.
Fortunately I was able to find a nice case on Amazon.
The speakers fit perfectly in the bag. There are also side pockets which hold the power cord very nicely.
The seller is eCost Connection, and the bag is listed as "large digital camera/video padded carry bag".
I have absolutely no relationship with this bag company. Just trying to help out my fellow Blackstar amp lovers.
I've owned this amp for over a year now, and I still play it everyday. It's such a great amp. I get the same feeling I got when I plugged it in for the first time every time I play it. It's tone is excellent. It breaks up super easy, and it man oh man, it is LOUD! I wasn't expecting a 1watt amp to be this loud. And like most tube amps, it sounds best cranked to 11. It's basically a one channel amp with an overdrive switch. Without the overdrive engaged, it still breaks up full on AC/DC with the gain on.. You have to roll the gain almost all the way off and the volume about halfway to get even close to a clean tone. Then press the overdrive switch and it's full on tube madness. The ISF is the only thing I don't like about it. It really limits it considering that's all you have EQ wise. I keep mine set all the way to the left (USA.) I think the the British side is wayyyy too mid-y. But it still sounds great at least all the way to the left IMO. I buy, sell, and trade a LOT of gear, and this amp is one I've never considered letting go of.                
This product the HT1 Blackstar combo amp performs exactly as they advertised.  I have found that it lacked a little volume, but my YJM footpedal interacts real well with the amp..  the american and british settings do represent well their respective sounds.  I really love the headphone jack; the extension speaker output is cool to have.  I feel the HT1 is a little pricey for its overall size, but it sounds great when combined with something else. It plays best when practicing with headphones, but can easily be used in a coffee shop setting or combined with an extension speaker.  I got what I was wanting_ great tone, no digital effects, practice ready and highly recordable.                
See above                
Just turn the knob left to righbt to mix american or breitish sounds has a gain switch.                
Built like a bigger amp; tubes are high end.  No problems with casinf.                
Great quality but expensive                
No                 
This was a necessary move for me as I only havwe a 2x12 which is loouud.                  
I have already gotten massive use of the HT1 and love the quality of the sound I get, especially my S series Ibanez with a tone Zone in the brifge.  It sounds like 80s metal.                
i own the ht5cr and it is simply steller. reading rave reviews about the ht1, i bought it.
my ht1 is pure fizz if you crank the gain on the clean channel. the videos sound just wonderful cranking the clean. my od channel is shrill and totally non musical. i replaced both tubes and took SOME of the shrillness out of the od channel. i installed a celestion super 8 speaker and the od channel is pure hot rod marshall now. the cranked clean still pure fizz. you shouldnt have to retube/respeaker a new amp to make it sound useable.                
This is basically a great sounding tube amp in a small size. Tube amps sound best cranked up. However, cranked up amps are not always the best for practicing and recording. And when I say practicing, I do not mean rehearsing. 

This amp can get loud (to give you great tube tone) but not terribly loud because it is only 1 watt with an 8 inch speaker. You can get fantastic cleans, crunch classic rock and some good metal tones as well. 

The "ISF" is very cool and you can change the overall character of the amp from a Fender-esque clean sound to a Vox chime to a roaring woody Marshall-esque sound. 

The reverb on the amp is digital and stereo. In reality, it sounds great and is very usable. It feels and sounds like a quality analog reverb.

 If you are looking for touch responsiveness, tube breakup (all levels), etc. this is a great amp and is very small and portable. Takes pedals well, but I have enjoyed using it without pedals for the most part. It is a high resolution amp, so if you play well, it sounds great. If you make mistakes, it will draw attention to them unlike some other amps. 

Punchiness, touch, all the tube hallmarks are here. My new favorite amp, sound-wise, for recording and practice. 

While it may seem like a beginner's amp in terms of size, it is not really made for beginners. It is a pro-level amp and does not disappoint. Also, this amp really brings out the good and bad in different guitars, pickups and even cables. 

Some amps make your gear sound generic, but this thing really lets you hear the differences, no matter how subtle, with your gear. 

For example, I have a Gretsch where the 2nd selector position (neck and bridge both on) pickup setting sounded the same, or mostly the same, to the neck pickup on its own, through my other gear (Vox amp, Digitech modeler, etc.). With the HT-1, you can hear the differences, as if someone took the pillow off my guitar in that instance, for example.

Emulated output/headphones is stereo and sounds truly great.                
I only give it a 9 for "features" because it could be slightly better if it had an effects loop perhaps. But when using an amp this small, you probably would not want to connect a bunch of other gear in your signal chain and for recording, you can do your time based effects on the computer (delay, etc.). Otherwise, you defeat the simple portability of the HT-1. 

Having said that, it does come with stereo headphone/emulated output (the reverb effect is stereo) and also stereo input for MP3/other sound sources (to play along with for example). The headphone and line-in ports are both full-size 1/4" jacks, so you may need different cables or adapters depending on your existing gear.                
Easy to use, but please take your time to dial in settings you like. Subtle changes to pre-gain and post-gain and ISF can give you a lot of different sounds. Same with reverb. Behind the simple knobs lies some delicious tone.                
Heavy for its size and very well built. The speaker, though small, is designed to take loud volume without farting out. High quality pro gear. I do not think replacing the speaker or the tubes is necessary whatsoever. Give the amp a few hours for the speaker to break in a bit. And make sure you use a really good cable. Believe it or not, different cables can improve your sounds because guitars send out tiny signals over the cable and that tiny signal is prone to changing over the length of the cable. Better cables will give you better resolution, high frequency, and sustain.                
I think it is a 10 for "value", but I give a 9 because it actually is expensive for a small amp. However, it is fantastic, so you get what you pay for in that regard. A 1 watt boutique tube amp? This is the real deal.                
Haven't had to ask for support yet - but I think Korg USA is the support department for the USA.                
I like the Blackstar asthetic, grill cloth and marketing. Look online for some of their videos. For example, if you like metal, look for Andy James playing the HT-1 using emulated output. Amazing. While it can do hard rock and classic rock, it has a great round and smooth blues tone too, and I personally mainly use mine on the clean setting with a bit of preamp tube breakup crunch.                
Great great amp, if you want to get better, this is for you.

If you are already a pro, this is for you. 

Just starting out? Maybe, but it will not give you the instant tone gratification of a modeling amp and let you go from jazz to country to insane metal by pressing a button. It will amplify your personal tone and skill. If you are just starting out, just be patient as it will not gloss over unclean playing as a lot of amps will.                
Bought this one as B-stock for $220, saving of $80. When the amp arived the clean channel sound ok, but the overdrive channel is very microphonic. I spend $10 order another preamp 12Ax7 tube. Open the back and the top rear screw on the handle, change the tube and everything sound great. Plug in my mp3 player and sound like I'm in concert.                
For it size and portability this amp is good. It give a lot of bite and growl if that is what your looking for. It can also give you clean but with very little volume. I found the sound to be tinny or boxey. I add a HT-112 12" speaker cabinet and the quality of the sound improved dramatically.                
The sound is great. I like that I can tweak the characteristics of the amp and get the singing, clear sound and then twist a few dials and it gets a little dirty without ever going over the top. I have been trying to sound like Clapton  for 15 years now and this amp has gotten me closer. Plus I can tune the amp from Sunshine to Layla. The amp is the love child of a Fender and Marshall.                
I like the ISF feature. Simple and fun. The reverb is much better than expected for a digital effect. I am a fan of spring reverb and that kept a Fender in the picture for me. However, I am a fan of the stand alone Fender reverb tank so was not a big deal in the decision.                
Easy to use; straight forward design and settings card is a great start for dialing in your sound.                
Well built; cannot find any flaws, rattles; and I bought a blemished model. I see this amp being with me for a long time.                
What a great amp for a great price. I got it to play at home. The volume is great for 5 watts and the price is awesome. I got mine less than full price but would have gladly paid $450. The blemished I got for a discount just convinced me to stop waiting and buy the amp.                
No need at this time and don't see any in the future                
Wow, wow, wow. I still want a Fender Super sonic and will justify the purchase due to the higher wattage. However, every time I play the Blackstar I forget that other amps exist. If you want one stop waiting. You are only depriving yourself of happiness. I call it a smile machine because every time I play it I can't stop smiling.                
This amp is exactly what I was looking for. I played several amps before choosing this one. The decision came down to this amp and a Fender super sonic. I love the Fender sound and reverb. the Blackstar gives a sound that is equal to the Fender but the distortion and gain are much better. The clean channel sings as sweet as a bird in spring after a long winter. The overdrive channel is full but overly dirty giving a sweet distortion that never breaks apart. what sold me is the clean channel. It is responsive and clear. I am extremely happy with the amp. I like that I can get a fender sound and then add some more gain to it. That in between settings are a sound all the amps own. If your ears have different moods and can't decide what sound you want from day to day this is your amp. Even if you are a Fender or Marshall guy this is your amp. Sometimes you need/want a little different sound and this amp does it with ease. It is a classic sound with modern function.                
Going through the stock speaker, it simply sounds amazing. The only problem I had was with the emulated output. Going through the stock speaker and using the power tubes, you can overdrive to your hearts content and it sounds great, this is not true for the emulated output. If you push the amp too hard while using the emulated output, it gives a digital distortion sound.

I found the ISF feature to be quite nice and works as advertised.

One thing to note is that if you are in an apartment, you may want to go with the 1 watt version because this one can easily get you kicked out on the dirty channel (and probably on the clean channel as well).

Just for fun, I connected my Eden D210T bass cab to this amp and it actually sounded great with my bass.                
Features are nice and simple, the reverb adds that little touch that makes you sound a little better than you are.

Has outputs for a single 8 ohm cab, 2x16 ohm cabs, or a single 16 ohm cab (the internal speaker is 16 ohm)                
Turn knobs, doesn't get much easier. The preset suggestions provided sound quite good.                
The quality is pretty good, I have doubts about how long the covering will last, but only time will tell.

I certainly don't think the handle will be breaking anytime soon though.
                
Quite simply, it does a great job and what it's meant to do and for the sound quality and the price, it's definitely affordable.                
I haven't had to contact Blackstar.                
I love the Blackstar logo for sure. Plus it came with a Blackstar sticker to put on something. The grill cloth is pretty snazzy and the piping around it is a very nice touch.                
I feel this amp is versatile enough that I won't need to replace it anytime soon. I think the only reason to replace this amp would be to get the 1 watt version for a quieter practice.                 
The best clean/dirty tones I've heard in 28 years. You will find your tone with this amp it is that versatile. I use it in the studio and live. I have not played a guitar through I haven't been able to dial in a great tone for.                 
Loaded with ins and outs. Ohm selector switch for multiple speaker cabinet extensions, mp3 line in, footswitch, speaker emulated line out, and more.                
Very easy to use.                 
Sleek, black, cool, black, classic, black, did I mention it's black? And it looks awesome! Built like a tank.                
I've owned several amps in 28 years and this one exceeds the best value for the money.                
Awesome. I have it.                
There are so many amps out there that do one thing or another great, but this amp truly does it all.                
perfect practice amp! louder than you need, plus it ROCKS pushing my Marshall 4 x 12 cab!  the attack is insane and the range of tone is vast. Everything about this amp is well made and exceeds expectations! a multi-effects pedal is awesome to run through the fx loop, the only semi-necessary addition might be an eq pedal to help polish and focus especially with the clean channel (which is beautiful, but lets get real if you are looking at this amp its not for the clean), which only has a tone knob                
The amp's clean channel is warm with a smooth bell-like tone, up to about the half way mark with regards to level. Then the valves start to clip with a beautiful light drive. This is what the drive channel builds on. The overdrive channel starts off with some light valve drive all the way to fire-breathing, face-melting filth! This amp doesn't sound like a small, driven amp, but like a 100w stack going nuclear, but at a usable volume. The ISF feature is extremely effective in sculpting the tone anywhere between UK and USA, providing true versatility. Both channels share tone controls and the ISF feature                
This amp has most of the bells and whistles you can think of: Two channels - of course! It allows for headphones, an extended cab, includes a footswitch, a bank of equalizer controls, and the tone shaping feature is something I just don't get tired of playing with, and the sounds you can get from the distortion is just wonderful, and you don't have to blow down the neighbor's house with volume to get it!                
The HT5 is one of the few low-wattage tube amps that has a direct out/headphone input, which is super convenient. Don?t underestimate what 5 tube watts sounds like at full blast ? it?s definitely loud enough to irritate all but the coolest/deafest of neighbors. To that end, the 1/12 and 4/12 cab simulation w/the headphones is nice and works well when playing loud just isn?t an option. Haven?t used the direct out for recording yet, but I?ve heard good things. All in all, there?s a decent amount of competition for the HT5 (Egnater, Orange, etc.), but you simply won?t find this many features and this much tone anywhere NEAR this price elsewhere. If you need something for a small space, for practicing, or for portability without sacrificing KILLER tone, I?d definitely suggest the HT5.                 
The amp seems rugged and durable, and the overall feel of it is that it is well built. On the other hand, I have only owned it a few weeks so far - but I don't foresee any problems. The sound quality pretty much classifies this amp as being in the boutique class, and as such is at the bottom range of the boutique scale. To find an amp sound to compare it to, I think you are probably going to have to spend about a thousand dollars, so this is a steal!                 
I would by another one.                
No need for support at this time.                
Love it.                
This amp is going to go down in guitar history as a classic. It has a very warm, rich sound with more than enough volume for bedroom use. The tone with the ISF knob on the USA side is reminiscent of a hot rodded Marshall JMP. If you have a LP with Burstbuckers, you're golden. You get a nice, complex, woody crunch. On the British side,but still very ballsy and good for blues and classic rock. It even came with a footswitch. The cabinet is very solid and seems well built. And it has a Celestion! I can't find anything to complain about with this amp. I've had and sold many amps since I started playing, but this one's a keeper!                 
I got this amp about three months ago and I still haven't been able to find tone I didn't like! I sold all my electric gear about five years ago, due to economic situations. So I bought a pretty nice used guitar, and I'd been searching for the right amp. I live in a four unit apartment, so I wanted something that sounded great at lower volumes, but could also be used for some lighter live work. Well here's the problem with this amp. I love it!! I mean I really love it! I think tonewise, it's the best amp I've ever owned, and I've had quite few throughout the years! I did a lot of listening to small combos on Youtube, and decided to go with this one just from the videos and reviews. So I wanted to add my review, because I like it so much! I would've also reviewed if it sucked, or was bland, but I'm very happy to say I'm happy! And If I ever need to step up to a bigger amp, I'm going to get a Blackstar! (I have had no issues with this amp. It came very well packed, and works great!)                
A few thoughts...
The Blackbird speaker is great for high gain but it really lacks any clean tone. It just makes the amp lifeless unless you got the gain cranked. I took it out of my HT-5R combo and right now its basically a big square head running into a Vox 112NT cab loaded with a Celestion Greenback.
The Celestion Greenback really makes this amp come alive both clean and dirty. It adds some much needed sparkle to the treble and makes the cleans go from lifeless to amazing. It makes the gain channel just that much more incredible.
I do plan on putting a speaker back in it, I just have not decided what yet. I am trying to decide between a WGS Green Beret and a WGS ET65.
I am also using the stock tubes that came in it. I have no idea if they are cheap chinese tubes or high quality. It sounds good so I am not even going to mess with them. 
The price is a bit high for a 5 Watt amp but its still a reasonable value for what you get. I highly recommend this amp to anyone that either wants some killer gain or some killer gain and cleans if willing to change out the speaker. Figure after a speaker this is now close to a $600 5 watt combo.                 
Wow just wow. This little amp is amazing. I had my reservations that it may not meet my expectations since I normally play fender amps. But I must say this little thing is the best sounding amp I own now. It is also very versatile with the different tone options. It may not be the loudest amp around but for what I needed, it is more than perfect. If all Blackstar amps are this good and have this good of quality, it may be time for me to invest in a larger one for gigs as well, and put my other amps on the bench for a while. If you want a clean sounding amp that can go from crystal clear notes all the way to nice and dirty, then this amp is perfect for you. I have been playing this thing non stop since I got it and I am still just scratching the surface of what this amp can do. I foresee many years of use for this little workhorse.                
The amp is fantastic and can go from shimering cleans to eaging distortion witha click of the footswitch. This amp blows away a Blues Jr and anything else comming within hundreds of what this amp cost. You won't find a better more versatile amp anywhere regardless of price. I have been playing for 35 years and I love this amp..                
I love the sound from this amp out of the box. I was surprised to find Ruby tubes in it. I had heard they were Sovtek. So the initial sound was really good with the Ruby tube until you turn the gain on the overdrive channel. It got really over done and loss of clarity. when gain was about 7 to 10. I read some of the forums, tested a few different brand tubes in the preamp tube, changed to a JJ long plate Gold pin ECC803/12AX& and the sound went into a heavenly smooth distortion, great breakup at all levels. It is not a high gain sound but great distorted tone over all. Love this Amp.                
this amp  has a TON of features.  just read the specs. but more than that, it SOUND great. the tube "feel" is there also. very responsive to pick attack also. you can be screaming on the od channel, back off the volume and go almost to clean.  the clean channel feels and sound just fine to me. it also compresses well anywhere past "5" . i have two gripes.....the gain channel seems to be more "open" than my marshalls. i havent given up, but i havent dialed in that thick, syrupy lead tone that i get with all my marshalls.  there's tons of gain there, the eq is powerfull, but i just havent got my lead tone yet.  gripe 2.....mine does not do "crunch" tones at all. just od+. even with the gain wayy down, its od, not crunch. the verb is very useable. now, i also own the ht dual pedal. everyone says it the same ht circuits. bull.  my ht dual does perfect crunch-hot rodded jcm 800 all on the crunch channel. the od channel is instant thick, syrupy leads. my ht dual, into the clean channel of ANY amp sounds and feels more marshall THAN marshall and i own a room full of them.  if you need a quality, full featured small amp this is a good one.                
Amazing tone out of this amp for any genre or sound. I have several tube amps i use for recording but the blackstar has retired many of them since i got it. i use it for practice studio and live as a monitor utilizing the emulated out to run signal to a PA system.                
The amp sounds killer. But this is after i put a different speaker in. Celestion greenback. Original speaker very fizzy and hard to get good crunch out of. Dont let this put you off a great amp though.                
I HEAR IT! The tone in my head! I should say "tones" because this amp is versatile. I am amazed at the tonal capabilities of this amp. I am able to get great tone from this amp with all my guitars. Not just one or two that sound the best, but great tone from all my guitars. I have used it in a live rehearsal setting mic'd through the church PA system and it is gigantic. At my home studio it is now my main amp. It is fully compatible with my style. I do rock based contemporary worship music and I have a 80's hard rock edge to my playing. I really don't know if there was a style it couldn't handle. I am really impressed with Blackstar.                
All kinds of features whether you use them or not, 16 and 8 ohm outs, mp3/line in, speaker emulated outs for direct recording, 112 and 412 selector switch, on and on. They thought of everything.                
Very easy to tweak. It's standard stuff, volume, gain, treb, mid, bass, etc. But this does have a unique ISF control which allows you to get a full American 6L6ish tone all the way to a British EL34 growl or anywhere in between. Nice touch. No learning curves, just adjust this beauty to taste using simple analog knobs.                  
Very impressive build quality. Classic yet contemporary. This amp packs massive tone in it's smaller than expected package. I wouldn't have it any other way. It's slightly more compact size makes it lighter and easier to tote around.                
This is is as good as it gets today. In fact, in is one of the best values in a long time. Great, keep up the good work Blackstar!                
I hear this. I never used them. I have two Blackstar products, the great HT Dual pedal (or should I say amp in a pedal), and the crazy awesome Blackstar HT5R 112 which awes me.                
Major tone sex appeal.                 
I play everything from Blues, to Metal.  This amp will get you most anywhere you want to go.  If there is one thing I dont like, I wish it had an EQ built-in for the clean side rather than a TONE knob.  The clean sound can sound a bit thin at times, but nothing I cant work with.  I love the ISF knob.  I usually leave it on the brit side, but I do like to throw some US in there every now and then.  The ranges you can get out of this.....it is great.  From Marshall to Mesa on the gain side.  The clean side really isnt anything.  It sure isnt a Fender clean sound, but it isnt too bad.                
I love the features.  Foot controller, the ability to use headphones without hurting the amp (cant do this with most all tube amps).  The ISF sound shaping is nice.  
My problem with the features.  1)  Only a tone knob for the clean channel.  2) ISF does not change anything on the clean channel.  
I can get the clean channel to break up a bit, others are better, but overall, it is very good.                
Simple to use....if you have ever used an amp.  The instructions for using the headphones and the speaker emulator leave a little to be desired, but not hard to figure out.                
I cant say.  Had it 3 weeks and it is still working fine.                
A pretty good price for an all tube amp.                
Never had to deal with them.                
It is not a Marshall JCM or a Mesa....or a Fender, but it is nice.  It sounds very good.  The gain is the best part of the amp.                
It is a good amp at a great price.  For the price, I dont thinky ou can beat it.  This thing is a gain monster.  The gain is very nice, but it keeps the clarity.  The clean channel is a bit thin at times, but useable.  From Blues to Metal and eve rything between, it is pretty darn good.  Get one, you WILL NOT BE DISAPOINTED!                
This is a very versatile amp. It goes from clean to crunch to heavy distortion. I am blown away by the quality of sound. I can't imagine that you would be disappointed with this amp unless you required more volume. The high gain channel is very loud for 5 watts. If you are looking for a great tube amp that responds well to your playing, look no further. I really did my homework on this one.                 
Great that it comes with a pedal to switch channels.                
Very easy to get the sound that you want                
Fit and finish were great                
A little pricey for 5 watts but worth it.                
Have not had an issue                
Built very solid                
I would definatly buy another one if lost or stolen                
I gave it an 8 because im being realistic, a 9 or 10 is much much more expensive. In it's price range it's a 10. Blackstars logo (the sound in your head)...it's true! Takes some time but once you find your sweet spot your in like flint. No boxy sound, good bottom end. The clean channel is very nice with the volume 1/2 way. If you dime it you can start to get some crunch! Responds to pick attack very well and works great with pedals. The overdrive is a little more tricky, gonna need a soundgate, volume past 3/4 and you get some hum and feedback that's with the gain at 10. Back volume off to 1/2 and gain at 3/4 and it's glorious! That's the sweetspot for your effects too. You can use your overdrive to push the amp into the sound in your head. Buy this amp.                 
It's all here!                
A little tricky, takes time but that's part of the fun.                 
Nice!                
This is the #1 best value out there, thank you very much Blackstar and the dirt poor dude that put the thing together. Nice.                 
To soon, hope for the best.                 
It looks really good in my little area my wife allows me, sharpe looks.                 
Blackstar is doing it right.                 
I was playing through it with my Schecter (active EMGS) all night and it sounds awesome. After dialing in the right tone I am in love. Don't assume that because I play active EMGs that I am a metalhead. I love the way active pups sound for any style of playing, just my preference.                
Very versatile, has two channels, has reverb, enough said. Not sure that I can hear much difference with the 4x12 emulater vs the 1x12 standard setting. I have not messed it much though.                
Like I said, I was not sold on this amp out of the box, but after some research I got it dialed in and it sounds great.                
The material cover the front is stretched around the middle, like it was leaning on it or something. Not very noticeable though.                
Comparable price to other quality 5-15w amps, with more features                
NA                
When I first plugged in I was a little unsure whether I had made the right decision by buying this amp over the Marshall Class 5, but after splitting up my pedalboard correctly through the effects loop I am sold. I also have a Fender Vibrolux Reverb and a small traynor solid state. I wanted a small tube amp to take place of the Traynor. Also, my roommate has a Fender Blues Jr and this thing rivals that in tone, and offers so much more. I did a lot of homework on small tube amps, and this is in my opinion the best value. I chose the reverb version because I love reverb and read good reviews, the reverb is ok but does not match my vibrolux.                
I took a chance on this cabinet for my Marshall Origin 20 watt combo amp. To give it a little more bottom end and fuller bigger sound stage. It worked out very good. The Celestion 70/80 speaker delivers all of what I hoped for. Together with the Celestion V type 10" speaker in the amp I am getting the best of both sonic worlds.The cabinet itself is solidly made. I could have wished for a pine or birch finger jointed cabinet but for this price it gives me all I can expect. The cabinet is made form MDF but it's not nearly as heavy as I was expecting it to be. Well worth the price point and beyond.As always zZounds delivers all anyone could ever expect.                
I bought this amp a few months back and waited to review it so that I could be as informative as possible. First thing is that the patches are place in banks of four when you use the footswitch (optional) that to me should have been included. If you use a midi footswitch and I have one (Rocktron Midi Mate) you may assign any way you choose. There are several ways to get the most out of this amplifier. Remember what I said about patches? The first 12 patches are available to you without the footswitch! You can select them from the front panel, keeping in mind there are three banks with four patches per bank. once you select a bank you can then move left to right to get the patches. They are laid out logically, 1st patch on each bank allows for a clean sound, 2nd patch more crunch, 3rd patch more gain and so one until you get to the 4th that will allow you the most gain and effects for lead or whatever. Now you have the rundown. The patches can be changed and instantly saved to via pushing the patch location, (you can change to any of the 12 without a foot switch) until it blinks, then press again to save. If you want more control over the other 110 patches you will need the insider software. Yes there is software that you can download to unlock the amps true potential. First off once you have the installed software and the computer connected to the amp. it will show you all the patches, which can be selected and demoed at that time. you can make adjustments to taste (saving if you choose), you may move patches to an order that fits your style or needs. There is also a really cool feature that allows you to download and upload patches others or you have created. Once you find what you like, they are described by the creator with comments such as hot blues, or even Metallica clean and so on. Keep in mind that creator may not be playing the same instrument and pickups as you! You may have to try different offerings for similar descriptions. be patient, you will find something you like. If you are really patient you can create something you like. I have been playing awhile so these types of offerings do not hinder or intimidate me. I just jumped in and thought everything worked as it should. The only thing I think I should point out is that you can not drag and drop patches. I believe this is done to prevent accidental overwriting. having said that, I have 5 of these amps in different sizes a 15 watt (8-10 in SPKR) the 30 watt and 60 watt single speaker combos.(both 12s) and 2 of the 260s (2x12) I have them all programmed the same! I can take anyone out and my sound is consistent! also one more feature of these amps is the speaker out emulation, it is superb, in most cases when I go out I take 2 EV 1000 watt (active)  15 inch full range speakers and run the emulation to both! This allows me to quickly and very efficiently cover the entire stage in sound! The entire band can not only hear me, but adjust how much and where. this is a game changer! I use the source amp as a monitor as it allows you to use that amp volume separately from the emulation! and having all the amps set the same allows me the choice of any config I like and still get the sound that I need. I hope this assists you,                
I was looking for a combo that would deliver great tone, versatility, and performance for playing out and for use at practice with a drummer in the room.
I was extremely reluctant to go with this (or any modeling type of amp) over tube, as I am not a fan of digital sounding distortion tones.
I can honestly say I have never been more surprised. My initial thought was my expectations were simply lowered, but it keeps sounding great in a solo and band setting and keeps putting a smile on my face.
Review scores are in relation to other offerings in this price range. (Will this sound better than a $4,000 tube amp? No...but how does it score against other offerings in the same range?)
Tone: 10
The TVP combined with the two 12's delivers a very convincing tube feel and punch, along with tube type response to pick attack and pickup volume. My other guitarist is a notorious tone snob (more than I), and even he was impressed with the tone, volume, and presence this combo produces. Add in the ability to dial in your own pre and power tubes, and this amp can delver a wide range of useable tones...not just different, but actual tones you would want to use. Quite happy with this in the tone department. The speakers are Celestion Seventy 80's (look to be OEM for this amp judging by the magnet label), but they sound great. Plenty of low end punch, plenty of presence and they hold up well at high volumes.
Features: 8
The TVP is the star of the show, and it is fantastic at what it does. I was able to dial in a few different useable voices very quickly. The mix of EQ, Resonance (low frequencies), Presence (high frequencies), and possible combinations of pre and power tubes allow you a ton of versatility. The effects are pretty good...not outstanding, but quite decent in moderation. By far, the way to use the features is the Insider software, which allows for full control of all the features as well as patch export/import/sync to amp. You get granular control of the effects in a graphical format that mimics real pedals for ease of use.
Quality: 8
The only knock I can give on quality is the corner protectors being shiny hard plastic in feel. But really, that is a nit-pick that is easily overlooked. The quality is solid on this amp, and it looks and feels like you would expect from a great mid-priced amp.
One last thing of note - the stereo effect (especially with the new super wide stereo that is in the latest Insider firmware/software update) is very, very good. The reverb and delay especially shine here. Great sounding amp all around, with all the versatility you could ask for and enough power to play a small to medium size gig without a mains if you had to. Holds up quite well at high volumes.                
I have to be straight up. I am a former bassist, who decided at the age of 50 to learn and play guitar.  Most of the stuff I love range from Johnny Cash to Pink Floyd.  If that's not a broad enough range then throw in some CCR and Yardbirds for good measure.
I know the difference between valve and solid state.  I'm a guitar novice but I'm not daft as my Brit friends would say, and although this amp is not perfect, it's a lot of fun dialing it in to play the type of stuff I love.  For example I just opened the box and for the fun of it dialed in You Really Got Me, but within a few minutes of that also managed to dial in Led Zeppelin The Immigrant Song and Rock and Roll.
That's what I mean when I said that this amp is a lot of fun.  It gives the player (ahem) enough range to experiment and tweak their sound.  When I was in the mood for a little Man in Black, RING OF FIRE, it didn't take long to find that nice warm country sound with a little bite that song requires.
Is the amp loud?  Yes, but not so loud you will blow out your windows.  Is it a dead bang for the valve emulations?  No, but its pretty damned close, and if you don't have the funding for a half stack valve Marshall or Mesa, this is a viable option.  
I play a Stratocaster (EMG DG20s.  God knows I love my Floyd), a Taylor and most recently a Gibson Les Paul Standard, and for the first time I have to say my guitars came alive.  Coming from a Fender FM 212 to The Blackstar ID260 is like being reborn musically.   There is tremendous range and endless possibilities.
However, now for the not so flattering.  I think its bulls**t that  Blackstar forces us to spend another $89. for the foot controller.  Even Fender includes foot controllers in its Mustang line.  To really see what this amp has and is capable of the footswitch is mandatory.  Hopefully one day I will get one.
Anyway, this has been a novices review of the Blackstar ID260.  Hope it helped a little.                
I have great tube amps.  Of course you have to use pedals to customize your sound. The top is what sold me on the Blackstar.  I was skeptical but am now a believer and I’m glad I took it over the boss katana.  When you switch the tvp on it punches your sound. Then you get to choose between 6 power tubes.  I have a hearing loss all my life and the difference between the tubes is very obvious.  The reverb is is great and the other options (there is a lot) are finely done.  This is more than a practice amp.  This could be a go to or back up amp.  I got it because my less Paul studio does take quite right to my tubes.  The Blackstar will be my amp for humbuckers.  The studio has coil tapping knobs and boy this amp marks a visible line between the two settings. For me I have to be able to hear the difference for it to make sense.  If you play without the tvp distortion sounds hollow but that’s most solid states.  Just use the tvp and download the insider program to maximize the features.                  
I have played a lot of different amps over the years both tube and solid state, low end and high end. What some amps have others don't,  and when it comes to amplifiers, 99% of the time you get what you pay for. The Blackstar id260tvp is that 1% exception... This amp is seriously top notch tone. The best tone monster I have had the opportunity to own. This amp can cater to any style of player. The new EQ knobs paired with the ISF really let's you create the tone you're looking for. The TVP switch is legitimately some kind of sorcery... Tones within tones. You can have three effects running simultaneously without the online software each of which you can adjust the parameters. And to top it all off, you have it in Superwide Stereo. Hearing it in person is awesome. It's very emersive and you feel like what you're playing is around you. This amp is definitely an experience. Plenty of volume for recording and small venues sound keeps it's clarity at high volumes as well as break up at high volumes (like a classic tube would) but it depends on what you're going for. A lot of people talk mess about blackstar but they truly are great amplifiers. It is a pain in the rear that they don't include the footswitch, but in my personal opinion, this amp is worth every penny and I'm not disappointed one bit. I definitely recommend to anyone looking for a great amplifier that is studio, gigging, and practice ready and not a one-trick pony. Give it a try you won't be disappointed.                
I bought this Blackstar 260TVP to replace two Marshall Heads and 4x12 cabs for casino gigs. Great amp packed with features and some real usable tones. My biggest complaint was the malfunctioning drive channel after 5 months of gigs...The Korg web site is useless but, after a call found a local authorized repair facility. If it wasn't solid state I would bench it myself but, don't have that choice with the Blackstar. I will see if this repair is accurately diagnosed and fixed...I have my reservations at this point. I really dig the tone and the 60 watts stereo but, having a breakdown after 5 months of ownership is not a good omen.                
I was originally shopping for a budget tube amp when I came across this and it exceeded my expectations over all contenders.  This is everything anyone could want in a very portable and budget friendly amp.  With the FS-10 foot controller, it is a dream brought into reality.  You will swear there are tubes in it somewhere.  There is a midrange knob that is in the programming software (and it's as easy to use as turning on your computer) but I wish it were on the actual amp.                
Crystal clear & screaming distortion,all in a simple package, its easy to dial in infinite tones.                
I've had the privilege of owning a dozen tube amps over 20 years of giggin from six different manufacturer as well as four modeling amps/solid states from 4 different manufacturer...  All I can say is that,it surpasses all the modeling amps that I've own by hundreds of miles and comes extremely scary close by inches to many tube amps that I've gig with...                
very practical and to the point.....                  
no brainer... I was able to get awesome sounds really quick without the use of PC and store it! made minor tweaks during rehearsals and gig with it......                
good...  As far as reliability,I dont abuse my stuff so it should be well for years to come..                
very good considering if you would buy every amp it emulates you would have to work three jobs!                
they are always coming out with software updates and UK tech support, because its in the UK takes time. my only issue is not the amp but the software down load...
like I said,dynamics,frequency blending,touch sensitivity,responsiveness,live volume levels! its just too scary close to the real thing and so far I've had eight gigs with it and it fooled sound guys who are use to sticking a mic on tube amps! he! he!
The other wow factor is its very light weight!!!!!                
I am one to be known to get rid of gears really quick when it doesn't cut it  on two different bands that I play with! specially during a live gig where dynamics,high volume levels,frequency blending( which is  critical),touch sensitivity,responsiveness,if the amp is not happening! its getting ship back or sold... band members usually takes bets on how long I can keep some gear and laugh about it by the way.  Until they recently saw me sold almost all my tube amps and couple of modeling amps and  almost all my  pedals. I am now down to one awesome tube combo and five boss pedals. I'm not just keeping these few because they sound awesome,but because they've been with me and withstood the time of good gigs and bad gigs.  Sooooo to some it up,The Blackstar ID 60 1x12 pass all my test and its now my go to amp at all times! for gigs and rehearsals.. 
Iâ€™ve always been leery of solid state amps because of their thin, weak output. This amp totally changed my impression of solid state/non tube amps. The TVP makes this amp really Rock!! So much clean power and volume from a single 12â€ that Iâ€™m still in shockâ€¦ from clean to crunch; all the sounds are there. Since Iâ€™m a techno-geek the Insider software is fun - Limitless sounds and combinations of tones (downloadable or create your own). LOVE this amp!! The footswitch makes cycling through patches a breeze; definitely recommend.                
This amp is loud! Too loud for the living room. It really does behave like a tube amp. I have had most of them. From a pre CBS twin to a plexi. Way too many to count or remember. As far as I can tell the "feel" is there, even if the tone may not be exact. It is pretty good for me. I have waited a while to write this review as I wanted to hear it in a variety of conditions. I just recently had it on stage with about a dozen other players all playing authentic tube amps and this thing shined. The foot pedal made it a chore but the sound was fantastic. If you are seriously considering this amp remember this, you will not like it at living room levels. You really have to crank it to get the tone. And  that point is painful to the ears in a confined space (you were warned). The thirty would probably be the best choice and onei would have made if it had a dedicated "mid" knob. The effects are usable and when used in concert with the software are very tweakable. The tvp knob has provided me with hours of fun. My only complaint is the overdrive tone. It sounds like a blown speaker at low levels and is VERY annoying, and they give no options of tone shaping it. Hopefully down the road they add this option. I almost returned it because of this awful buzz like property, but once you turn it up, it is far less annoying. The amp is reasonably light and as far as tone goes, blows away the spider valve it has replaced. This amp can and will keep up in any situation.                 
Got this beauty a few weeks ago and still finding new things about it.I've had a lot of amps over the years and never thought I would ever see a solid state amp that has the sound of a tube amp. There is no need to ever turn the TVP switch off.The clean channels are fantastic and the Crunch and O.D. channels are killer. I'm still finding new and inventive ways to push this bad boy. I haven't gigged it yet and still finding new tones to add to the arsenal. I do highly recommend getting the FS- 10 footswitch for even easier access to all the sounds and FX this has to offer.                
As a new guitarist I didn't know much about amps. I was looking to sound great but also stay within and budget and this amp did just that. I wanted to avoid tubes because I wasn't familiar with maintence and proper care for them so I decided to go with a digital amp. This amps true valve power switch is amazing and really makes the amp punch, as id like to call in the button that is always on.                
The ID60 TVP is a great amp with great tones. I also purchased the foot pedal for it which makes changing channels easier. If your looking for a great amp for practice or live use you can't go wrong with this one.                 
I already own the Club 50 with 2x12 cab, the HT-5 head, and numerous Blackstar pedals. I wanted to get something that was easier to transport. I have had it one day and I think it is a great amp, especially for the name and the price! I have not used the insider software option (probably won't), but I have found the amp easy to use after the initial learning curve! I am very satisfied with my purchase!!!                
I play at a church, I run my guitar thru a line 6 helix. I go stereo thru the house mixer for the recording but for the live sound i go thru the Blackstar amp. It sounds awesome and it just cuts thru the mix. I have it at half way volume setting at it doesn’t distort in any way. I would recommend this for any guitarist playing at church.                
This is a solid amp that produces great tone. The stereo effects are impressive. Build quality appears to be good based on first impressions. It is large and heavy compared to most solid state units, which I like. You must provide your own USB cable for computer/DAW connections. The user guide is pretty basic, not written in Chinglish but definitely not published by Blackstar in the UK.I returned this amp after only a handful of short practice sessions. It died during my first attempt at using the included Blackstar Insider software. Connecting a laptop by USB cable brings up a message that a software update is available. If the update from the Internet fails for any reason, your amp becomes a large door-stop. Also note that (1) a laptop or desktop is required - no tablet or phone compatibility. (2) Windows 10 is not supported according to the Blackstar website (Windows 8 max). (3) running the software in a virtual machine environment is not recommended. I was looking forward to working with custom patches and lots of experimentation. Will not be buying anything with Internet based software again!                
I wanted a Bluetooth speaker to listen to music and thought I might as well get this to use the amp for guitar and bass. I ended up not using the amp that much as I have other amps which are more versatile. Sooo, I really just use it for the Bluetooth to play iTunes through. It sounds nice, seems well made although a bit pricey.                
This pedal does the job it was designed to do, though I believe it is overpriced.
Had they integrated a more robust tuner display into it, say something that replaces a Boss TU2 with a nice chromatic display, it would have been worth the money. As it is, you get the nearest note in the display and have to rely on the switch LED's to indicate if you are sharp or flat. The middle LED indicator is not quite sensitive enough, and you will need to use your ears to fine tune.
You can set this to adjust the effects, to directly access patches 1-4, or to navigate through all 128 patches. When you are navigation mode, you have to commit the Patch change with the far right switch. This is useful if you want to start the song on (for instance) patch 12 and switch to patch 1 during the song. Once you are on patch 12, you can click down to patch 1 - it will flash while you keep playing on patch 12, and will change to patch 1 only when you click the far right switch.
There are other features to allow you to store patches, but it's far simpler to use the Insider software or the amp front to do this. 
The use of the 1/4 cable as a link cable is nice - no expensive cable to buy if the included one gets messed up.
All in all, decently built, but in hindsight a simple midi footswitch would have gotten the job done for me at half the price considering what I use it for - direct access to patches 1-4.                
This amplifier deffinately lives up to all the great reviews regarding it's flexibility, dynamic response. The approach Blackstar took to replicate voltage interaction between amp and speaker of the various tubes as a means of reproducing the dynamics and musical harmonic texture by far surpasses any typical digital modeling system I've ever used. The depth of the stereo effects is impressive also. Panning is deep and produces a physical sense of motion. The reverbs are lush, musical and controllable. The EQ options are responsive and the ISF knob provides, what I would consider, the ideal means of controlling the character of the mid range response. The master resonance(low mid/bass response) and presence(high mid/treble) work great to allow you to switch between TVP tube simulations without having unpleasent incongruity. The only negative issue I can think of is the lack of an effects loop as I use a looper pedal and it either has to go in the front of the amp which gets muddled quickly, or in the back via the mp3 jack which doesn't accomplish matching the line level with the input level very well. The Blackstar footswitch, an extra 90 bucks, Ch1 (patch mode) has a latency issue of maybe 200 miliseconds, maybe a little more. There is less in nav mode but you have to select a bank/channel and then press the recall(4th) button to actually make the switch. There is also noise introduced when the footpedal is plugged in. I couldnt use the emulated line out with a Zoom h1 recorder because of the ticking produced by the footpedal.                
Totally worth the price. No nonsense quick control. no special cables. The 3 modes are handy being able to select a spec. program and switch to manual mode and turn individual fx on and off.                
I’ve been playin on this little amp about a month now and I absolutely love it. It’s as loud as it needs to be for bedroom practicing and the delay works good. Getting pretty decent tone out of it also.                
I got this amp from zZounds using their payment plan.  Really put it within reach for me. 
At first I was ok with the amp, it was very nice but their were some things about the tone that wasn't doing it for me.  Then...  I found out it has external bias adjustments, (meaning you don't have to drop the head from the combo to get to the adjustment screws. to Bias the output tubes) They even included a green and red LED for each adjustment, so you don't need any special equipment to do this.  
I set the balance adjustment (the hole closest to the tubes) so both LEDS are out.  Then I adjusted the drive (the hole further from the tubes). On this adjustment the LEDS tell you Cool -(green) and Hot - (red). I took it into the red then backed off just enough for the red LED to go out.  So it was at the top of the range.   It made this amp come alive.  I was totally blown away.  It has been about 3 months since I did this and I'm still loving the tone.  I have Fat / Thick cleans, nice 1/2 distorted for playing rhythm, then super saturated for getting heavy and shredding leads.  For pedals, I only use a sonic maximizer and my Wah pedal. Nothing else is needed.   
Another featured that I figured would suck, but doesn't, is the Line Out with 4x12 or 1x12 simulation modes.  I have NEVER (i mean Never) had a direct out that was usable in any way.  This one is beyond usable, it actually sounds very nice. I blend it with the 2 mics I put on it , (Cascade Fat Head II ribbon and a MD421) and get a great sound. 
Anyway, if you're at least a little bit handy, it's pretty easy to dial in this amp.  BTW, I'm using an '83 American Stratocaster with 1 SD Hot Rail and the 2 stock single coils that came in it.  Hot rail for distortion, and the single coils for clean playing.  
I have finally found a Combo that I can use for playing-out, and not feel like I'm compromising.
My Big rig is a rack system with ADA preamp, Mesa Boogie 50/50 and 2 Marshal 4x12's.  And after 25 years, I think I may be able to stop using.                
This amp is an incredible value. Yes it's made it China. What isn't anymore. The only negative thing i have to say about the amp is the crappy 2 button footswitch that comes with it. I HIGHLY recommend getting the 5 button footswitch....if you can find one. I got my amp from zZounds....awesome company and service....but they did not have the 5 button footswitch which adds a whole new level of flexibility to the amp. I had to wait on a 30 day back order for the FSW. It was worth the wait. The option to switch the voices on and off on each channel is really cool. The tone of this amp is really incredible. The clean channel can do Fender or switch to a more gritty tone like an old VOX or Marshall. The 1st OD channel picks up from there with nice gritty Plexi like tones all the way up JCM 800 chunk. Kick in the voice and you've got even more gain and top end. The 2nd OD channel sounds best to me with voice left on. It's kind of muddy sounding without it and the channels share the EQ so that's a bit of a drawback but I can live with that. I set that channel up for soloing and leave it that way. The cabinet voiced direct out sounds great and you can choose different cab sims. i use the 4x12. I use it live as well as miking and my tone is fat and thick as thieves I use FX but I only use the amp for distortion. I'm using a Digitech RP1000 for FX and I play a USA Fender Elite Strat as well as a couple of Shecters. I bought every piece of gear I own from zZounds.through their payment plan.It's a great company and their the only ones that offer a no credit check payment plan with no interest. Pay your bill on time and they increase your limit and give you more time. How cool is that for a poor working musician? Overall you can't go wrong with this amp. I shaved a couple of stars off features because I think the full function foot switch should come with the amp It's another $80.                
I bought this amp used but was in great shape still had stickers on it. Wasn't long till the tubes went out. I replaced them and after a year and a half the thing quit working all together. I've had tube amps before. A couple of Fenders and an Ampeg. Never problems like these so early on. Then to top it off it's hard to find anyone to work on these things. I'll never by another and will be selling this one if I can get it fixed. Total junk and lousy customer support.                
Blackstar has raised the bar on bass combo amps. The construction is second to none, and it's loaded with effects that leave all the other manufacturers in the dust. Good luck Ampeg and Fender. You guys better think of something fast, because Blackstar is the one to beat now.                
Very transparent sound. Rich detail and low noise.                
standard pre-amp features: phantom power/padding/phase on/off for each channel and 2x 1/4 TRS output                
Minutes to power up and get recording. very simple and straight forward                
solid metal case and dials/switches also seem very sturdy.                
The level of detail this brings out in recordings is very much worth every penny spent on this device.                
N/A                
I wasn't aware how much nicer recordings could sound with such a simple upgrade as a mic pre-amp.                
I tested out this new pre-amp by comparing it with my current setup. I have been using the internal pre's on the Scarlett 6i6 for about 3 years for miking guitar amps with a SM57, e609 or Octavia MK-319 and been very pleased. Recently I found myself needing to record from 4 microphones at the same time. Adding the Auteur MKII to my setup was suggested as a way i could accomplish this task. The MKII was quick to setup, one external AC adapter and 2 1/4" TRS cables to plug it into my 6i6 and I was ready to go. I tested it head-to-head with the internal pre's on the 6i6 using 2 octavia MK-319's, one plugged into the 6i6 and one into the MKII. The source material was an acoustic Yamaha baby grand piano. Both microphones were placed next to each other. Comparing the recording from the MKII to the 6i6 is pretty eye opening. While the pre's on the 6i6 are very quiet the MKII is a lot quieter, and this quietness seems to translate to more detail. I play piano with the sustain pedal down constantly and the MKII resolved all the resonant frequencies wonderfully. It also brought immense clarity to the decay of each note. I've been so happy with the 6i6 that I went into this comparison thinking I would have to listen very closely to hear a difference between these two pre-amps. The extra detail and space that the Auteur MKII brings to recording is going to make it my default pre-amp going forward.                
I have been using this preamp for just about a month now and it has surpassed my expectations. My only complaint is the silly wall wart power supply, but I guess if they are going to skimp on something to keep it affordable that isn't the worst place to do so. Everything else sounds, looks and feels great!
I have had no issues with the preamp but I have done business directly with BLA before and they are a great company who are willing to go above and beyond to help.                
I am very pleased with the sound of this little preamp. For the price it cannot, I repeat, cannot be beat. Most neve 1073s sound a little different in their own right. And this little guy has some great character of its own. Clean top end but warm, and big warm lo end too. And the built in DI sounds pretty good too. Definitely better than anything I've heard in the price range. I've worked with Neve hear, Api, Universal Audio, etc. and this unit hold its own right next to all the great pieces of gear.. I'm actually going to purchase a second one to have a stereo pair :)                
Let it warm up. I`ll turn it on and go do something else for a while.                
I actually LIKE the stepped gain. Makes recalling a breeze, and the way the steps are set are just right.                
You just need to work the line level of your interface with the output of the B173.                
Built like a brick. Heavier than expected.                
It is pricier than items like the GAP, but well worth it. This unit really sounds professional.                
No problems yet.                
The sound(in combination with Antelope converters), is extremely professional sounding. Ready for the radio.                
After reading some hoopla about it being "noisy", I was a little skeptical..But the tracks people were posting sounded beautiful! I picked this over the Golden Age and never looked back. It sounds a LOT more expensive than it is. The instructions say to let it warm up for a few minutes, but I`ve found after using it, around an hour and it`s gets even better. I`m using it into an Antelope Zen for the vocal channel. Incredible combo. The B173 sounds twice the price.                
You can't crank the gain on this preamp too much with out affecting distortion. Keep the gain low and the output ay about 3 o'clock for good sound.                
I'm not a musician, so I have no use for the D/I, or the crunchy output potential.                
Depending on your voice quality, you'll need to adjust the countless permutations of levels going in and coming our of each device to get optimal sound. After a few hours, it's easy to get a feel for proper settings.                
Nice feel to the knobs, with good solid clicks with each turn.                
Yep. Zzounds gave me the best price on this baby!                
No communication with company thus far.                
It's overall quality can be measured in it's warm sound. That's all that matters.                
My BL B173 is linked to a Tascam UH-7000 (interface setting only) and sounds rich, textured and warm. The Tascam preamp alone is super-clean, but slightly thin. The B173 added to the audio chain is perfect for my resonant voice.                
This box is AWESOME! There was an immediate, noticeable improvement in my tracks right outa the box! I had no idea how important a good clock is to the quality of the audio.I have more depth, width, and detail. I don't even have a lot of digital gear. I just hooked the Micro Clock up to my digital mixer, and that's it! I HIGHLY recommend purchasing this product!                
Just got this in today, yeah yeah yeah , its not the latest and greatest, but clocking my motu828es to 44.1 listening back to a session recorded on another interface, The harshness is gone, its the equivalent to being blurry eyed from a pool with extra chlorine then going to a 4K viewI can hear details in my mix, that before where smearedReady to start tracking with the updated setupIt just works, no frills, just does the job!                
Just do it!!!   Really I am astounded at the difference in my tracks. Open detailed, seems to have more content.                 
Black Lion is a small company that builds exceptional value into their audio product line, at bargain prices. They also specialize in custom modification of some audio equipment made by other manufacturers. The Micro Clock MKII is no exception. Using it as a 'master' clock in the studio, has enabled me to record at higher sample rates, with more confidence, knowing that the recorded sound source is continually and more faithfully reproduced at playback, without added 'artifacts,' that sometimes occur in the digital conversion process. I am told that there is an added benefit to using the micro clock that 'opens or, widens' the audible stereo field. What I know is it sounds no worse (and that is saying something, whenever adding additional units in an electronic audio chain) and it very well may improve the quality of sound. If you are linking more than one digital device in your studio, I believe you will benefit from purchasing a Black Lion Micro Clock MKII as the master timing source. Play good and mix well.                
Blackbird pedalboards are probably the best value for this type of board. I wanted a board that had a more boutique quality without the boutique price and it fits perfectly. The design is smart and practical, the ATA case is very high-quality, and it looks nice and clean. I love having the 1/4" jacks on the side, and the design allows a lot of customization. The only problem I've had is that cutting your own cables is a must with a board like this. Not an issue for me, as I prefer this way, but cable management can be difficult with boards that don't have much by way of routing underneath the board. However, pedal placement is only limited to how much you can fit on the board and the lack of holes or slits leaves no empty space and pedal placement is exactly how I like it.
Great product!                
I really like this pedalboard.  The road case is tough with padding inside to protect your pedals.  The latches are sturdy and lock it tight.  I needed to grab a smaller board to replace my very much loved SKB PS-45 pedalboard but it was time for me to upgrade so I chose this.  Another thank you to zZounds for their play as you pay plans.                
What else can I say except I'm having no issues with my purchase of my Blue Baby Bottle SL Cardioid Condenser microphone. It performs just fine in and around my sound studio. Would purchase a second and a third one in good time and do recommend to both friends in the industry and other new and up coming music producers alike. A great microphone and great value.                
I really like Blue BabyBottle SL, one reason is the sensitivity level. This mic can hear!
Also the presence on vocals is outstanding!                
I got these on the buy one get one free sale. One of them was defective and did not work. The other was fine. I used it on guitar and it sounded great. I have to return the other, hopefully they will not be the kind of mics you can't look at without jacking up.                
I've had a history with Blue Microphones, and this one did not disappoint. The price point is fair for almost any home studio budget, and the sound quality cannot be matched at that price. Would recommend for anybody looking to record alto male vocals, female vocals, or acoustic guitar.                
I have a stedman pro screen XL pop filter. I used to have the original Blue Spark and it was good no problems but even with my $50 pop filter there are still plosives on the SL version you definitely need a nylon pop filter. As for the sound its a bit harsh and grainy buy you get what you pay for.                
Zzounds sold me the Bose All I can say is wooow The L1 is great..Support  from Zzound and Bose .com are great ..They help setup my system up and any addons..all the heavy speakers are in the past..Go in setup in a flash..You will love them....sooner or later we all get older these things are a no pole speaker and lighter                
It Sounds good but I think you must use at least 4 to get a deeper bass sound.                
Just because is small and looks great, and works with the L1 systems from Bose.                
Just plug it and turn up the volume, and that's it.                
Well Done.                
It Worth the price but you have to spend $1300.00 to use 4 and get that real bass sound.                
I don't need it yet.                
I own it!                
I don't know yet.                
first of all my experience with z z sound has been great. I have several Bose system, after purchasing the Bose b2 base module. it has taken my bose compac L1 one system to another level of sound for portable system. if you are familiar with Bose sound system you know  It's a sound like no other. I am a karaoke and video DJ in the Greater Cleveland area.                
BOSE B2 IS VERY EASY TO USE "10" IT IS A PERFECT IMPACT OF BEAT TO THE DANCE FLOOR!!! "10"  I REALLY RECOMMEND AND A MUST HAVE BASS FOR YOUR L1 SPEAKERS!!! I RATED THIS PRODUCTS "10"!!!  SOUNDS SUPER GREAT SOUNDS AND VERY CLEAR, CLEAN AND PROFESSIONAL!!! NOW IT'S TIME TO UP GRADE YOUR SOUND SYSTEMS TO L1 BOSE B2 MODULE!!!  WHY WORK HARD WITH BIG SPEAKERS? TIME TO WORK SMART WITH PROFESSIONAL SMART SPEAKERS!!!!!                  
use this to dj love the sound and no more busting my back lifting 18 inch sub                 
Not quite sure what I expected from these speakers, but I certainly didn't expect this:
*Excellent bass
*Decent highs
*Comparable to a super-sized BOSE SOUNDLINK MINI ii
Due to their compact size, I was completely suprised at the overall performance of these  speakers. A definite WOW FACTOR! With the convienent payment options and super fast  (and free) shipping from zZounds, this was one of the most hassle free purchases I have made on line!
I bought these because of the Bose Name. When I hooked them up, which by the way is so easy, the sound wowed me! True sound that really fills the entire room. No matter where in the room I am the sound is the same as if I'm sitting in front of them. The bass is as it should be, pounding. The highs and mids are great. 1 would at first look say no way could these speakers for their size deliver such incredible sound. But they do indeed surpass all expectations. Volume control is just a simple twist of the pod wheel. It has hookups for headphones and another audio device. But I have no need for them as of yet. I use these for all of my laptop uses. News, Videos, Music, and most of all my DAW programs. I should of bought these sooner, had I known how good they really sound. And what makes this so affordable is the 4 monthly payments that zzounds offers. Have not needed manufacturer support. But do register them at the Bose website. All in all a best buy and worth every penny.                
I'm very pleased with this purchase. I've owned them for 22 days now and feel as if I've had them for a longer time. The small speakers pack a very grand punch, sounding like larger sized traditional speakers.                
I would highly recommend these speakers. They are small enough for travel and give you just enough extra sound to really enjoy whatever it is you want to listen to.                 
I would Like to be able to write a positive review. However I was never able to try the speakers out as the cables connecting the unit were to short yo place where i wanted them. Contacted Bose & they said there was no cable available to move speakers farther apart. Would suggest this would be a good feature.                
I Purchaced The Bose L1 Model 1S with two B1 Bass Modules. The Sound Is Absolutely Awesome!! My Outside Shows Require A Little More Punch In The Bass. I Bought The Bose A1 Packlite Extended Bass Package And That Took Care Of That. As A Mobile DJ/KJ , I appreciate The Light Weight System That Can Produce High Volume Sounds And, With The Help Of The Tone-Match Engine, Keep The Tone Clear And Crisp. These Extension Packages Can Easily Be Daisy Chained For Even More Bass Punch!! I Will Definitely Buy Another One!!                
All I can say is wow!!!! I have ran all QSC powered including KW 181 and 152. I have Han two of the Bose L1 model 2 b2 subs and they did sound good but when I heard this dude it blew me away. I just bought one F1 will be adding another one. then I add the subs they are loud and smooth. The 12 inch bass sound good at low volume but when you turn it to 12 o'clock the bass is still deep and rich. Get one more, you  may not need subs but I love it you will feel it in your chest!!!!!!!                
I'm a singer songwriter that does solo acoustic gigs with tracks, My go to was the L1 for the past two years, i needed more low end, had QSC K10, which made me realize i needed more bottom end for my tracks, I wasnt so happy about the QSC. i ordered this F1 812 a couple of times, and cancelled the order, thinking its a front of house speaker, not a L1 behind the performer...welll. i'm here to tell you, Thats how i use it now, behind me about 2-3 feet, I've had it for a week, and every venue i've played in, i've had other musicians come up to see what the heck was coming out behind me, it sounded perfect, it had low end, it had high end, it sounded like there was a speaker at someones table 80ft away, and doing that without blowing the front tables next to stage out. 
This is an amazing speaker, I love it, NOW i want another one, I dont need the sub, but will probably get it for even bigger and better situations. 
As one musician said to me, you've now stepped up your game, you sound so pro now.  (this guy always says negative things, never compliments), 
The only negative is, they did not provide a slip cover for this, and after 2 uses it had scratches on the cabinet...not cool Bose, 1200 bucks and you cant provide a little bit of nylon wrap to protect it?????  But now i have to pay $139 in Jan 2016 to get one...                
Okay..got ..ordered this from ZZounds last week..it arrived in 24 hrs and I didn't even ask for rush delivery..got it out of the box..it worked ..Played a gig with it last night...I only had funds for the 812 speaker..want to get the sub to go with it because I heard it in a local music store and it is awesome..With that said, last night I used it on a speaker stand with my L1 B2 base on the other side...ran a line from my tone match to the 812...was playing with a small group..we do jazz & R&B..this thing impressed me..I was totally in awe of the sound...granted I had the sub on the L1 B2, but the 812 speaker itself was more than enough to fill the room,  which had a capacity of about 300 people....Many compliments on the sound from the folks in the crowd as well as the other musicians...I'm really glad I got this thing..if you need there extra head room for your performances this thing will do the job just fine..Add the sub and you'll REALLY get big sound, but for a good quality full rand PA, the 812 is very impressive...In full disclosure, as I mentioned, I did use my Bose Tone match mixer, which I'm sure contributed to the quality of the sound, but obviously any mixer would work and probably sound just as good..the Tone Match is just what I prefer to use..                
Really impressed by the full sound and the sharp vocals, This speaker truly reproduces the sound of the music, I have not cranked these up yet and nor will I likely, these speakers are ideal for a small venue such as a wedding, or church service, I was most impressed by the dynamics of this speaker at low volumes, and when I turned it up, it was remarkable that the sound was loud and absolutely smooth. When I started as a DJ I started with the BOSE 901's and then the 802's Music evolved and I went to folded horn designs from Klipsh, JBL, and Peavey, as horn speakers got smaller I have been favoring Peavey, and recently I have switched to powered speakers by EV, wanting to expand upon this I ventured back to Bose, and just as the BOSE 901's excited me all those years ago, I find myself once again elated by the sound of the BOSE F! 812!!!                
The sound is unbelievable. I could use it by itself and get great sound and great bass. But to use it with the F 1 sub is totally amazing                
High are so crisp they could cut, with a mid range punch that is amazing. Overall the sound from this cabinet is amazing. However at $1200, Bose should have provided a cover for free                
There is no way to simply describe just how good this speaker is. Whether as FOH with full bands or behind a solo/acoustic act in a small room, the F1 blows away everything else I have used in my 4000+ show career. Did a solo gig with it 2 feet behind my left shoulder at a pretty large bar venue last night and had nonstop compliments on the sound.The adjustable vertical dispersion is surprisingly effective and useful. The headroom and clarity are astounding. The frequency response, while typically high on the bright end like all Bose products, is rounded out by the 12" woofer. The horizontal pattern is wide enough, but tight enough to reject feedback even when using behind performers. Handles and works like a traditional active speaker, and projects forward better overall than the wider dispersion tower systems.I still have QSC, Fender and other systems in my arsenal but the F1 is my new standard go-to speaker.
I knocked off 1/2 a star on features as I feel there should be a way to lock the adjustable speakers for carrying/transport...otherwise, no complaints.                
This blows everything in it's class away. I have tested just about all of them This stood out. I purchases one speaker and one sub and planning on matching that when I get this set paid off It's worth every cent                
I really don't want you to sound as good as I do but I just have to rave about the new Bose F1. I am already a Bose L1 user. This knocks it out of the park. One unit does the job of 5 separate units. Wish it had an extra XLR input, but it's an easy workaround with a splitter. Great sound for my particular voice range and my music. DJ's might be advised to buy the sub bass, but for me it's perfect. You will need to buy an expensive case if you travel, as it is easily dented. (Just like the L1) All in all a great buy for a small club or singer/ songwriter.                
Disclaimer** I do not work for or get paid by Bose, this is my unbiased review**
Over the last 15 years, I have owned most brands of top speakers from inexpensive to high-end. This is my first Bose speaker purchase ever. 
 With the Bose F1 being a linear powered speaker, expectations were met with high's clear and a long sound headroom. I used the pair of F1's first time last week with 2 separate weddings. 
First wedding had 120 guests in a 3k s.f. room with F1 tops on regular speaker tripod poles placed 30ft. apart from each other. Music playlist: hip-hop. Volume setting on Bose F1 only at 50%, seven hours later, not once clipped, only needed one 18" powered bass cube to help with the 12" speakers that are built in the Bose F1. Noticed immediately that across room at 60ft sound level was still right and had maybe another 30ft. of throw with minimal distortion! Was a little concerned breaking the 12" speaker in, playing hip-hop for most of seven hours. The F1's easily made it seven hours without a single clip. Not one guest asked to turn up the volume. 
Second wedding, next day, 90 people, 1k s.f. room. seven hours, F1 tops only on regular pole type speaker tripods. Set-up 40ft. apart in corners of room angled 90 degrees between walls that made corner. Music playlist was 60's-2000's dance music. Volume on speaker was 50%, no bass cube or extra speaker needed for a room this size! Again, did not clip. 
Final words, great speaker, construction build, and value. Only thing I would like to see changed is the handle design. I know it's hard to place handles in a box crammed with speakers and amps, but for a mobile wedding DJ, it takes a few times to figure good "lift" points, trying not to drop it when lifting on a pole mount above your head. Not the easiest to do unless you place one hand on the front grill in corner only. If you try to lift in middle of grill, the entire middle grill pushes in and I didn't want to take chance of breaking that. Only concern now is how the front grill corners will look after this wedding season. And maybe Bose partner with road case company because I can't find hard cases for the F1's, still using boxes they were shipped in as my cases until I make some later on.                 
I used to swear by my qsc k12s. I already owned four of the F1 subs so when these went on sale l bought two. These F1 tops left my k12s in the dust. I am going to buy two more as soon as funds become available.                
The Bose F1 is simply incredible, it was alot of money for me so I took my time ready reviews, ect. Finally decided to get the them with the sub, awesome...                
These speakers are by far one of if not the best compact small to medium venue, portable sound system you can buy. The sound  is superb and the amount of power that this system churns out is breath taking!  The subs are even designed to interlock with another sub for additional reinforcement. Definitely worth buying a second set.                
I bought this thing for my tv room! I use it for mixing from cdj's - streaming from iphone, whatever I want - I also use to watch movies - this is the only speaker you ever need it -                
Wow!!! What can I say?? Bose you have done it again!!! I am very very impressed with my new system!! And would highly recommend anyone to get it!! Will be ordering another set soon!!                
Perfection.  Life like reproduction,  with excellent vocal clarity.                
Variety of in/outputs is nice.  Adjustable array is a plus.                
No learning curve at all, it sounds great and is simple to use.  If you have been using Bose in the past, this will impress you even more.                
Well made, but I would like the finish on the cabinet to be scuf resistant.  I think it will look well used in a month more of gigging.  It should ship with at least a protective cover.  My only complaint so far.                
It is getting me gigs and impressing people with a wow factor,  worth the price.                
No need to as of yet.                
It lets people hear what you are actually playing.  This speaker is like finally seeing clearly.  Like if you needed glasses but didn't know it.  Then you put them on and say "wow"   JBL can't do that.                
I own the Bose L1 compact and have been gigging with it for about six months with my mostly solo Americana style act(guitar, vocals, harmonica) as well as sometimes hosting jams with multiple musicians.  It was perfect for small venues, but when I got a gig at a larger venue (large hall) my compact could not fill the room.  I was hoping that adding the F1 812 would five me the power I needed to accept larger venue gigs.  I was also hoping to continue using my L1 compact on one side as a monitor and fill.  Well, it does the job perfectly. I ran the T1 tonematch into the F1 via the XLR input, then I daisy chained from the F1 to my compact via xlr to 1/4" TRTRS.The tonality of both systems matches perfectly... Still that clean Bose sound,  even fuller as I feel the F1 fills in the mids. I play the same large hall with this system and i have to say it absolutely fills the place with even clean sound.  I get compliments and genuine amazement from the audience at the purity of the sound.  Most recent comment was, "I think this is the first time I have listened to a system where the acoustic guitar actually sounds like an acoustic guitar."  I have other musicians trying to buy it off of me, but I am keeping it.  I now have a system that opens many more opportunities.  It excedes my expectations.                  
Amazing, as stated in original review. Absolutely amazing!                
I wouldn't say any of the features were least useful. All features have a distinct function, and make very distinct differences.                
Incredibly easy to get sound, plug and play easy! They have a variety of input options making them very versatile.                
This has been the only issue so far. Not many reviews out there on these. But I did have something happen to the input section of both inputs simultaneously. Working with customer service to get a new one.                
Based on how they sound and the versatility, they are at least worth most of the asking price. If I have more issues I will say no. Otherwise, yes. They are worth the asking price.                
Haven't used.                
The appeal is very high. Everyone's asks about them, and I'm always happy to show them off                
In 1 word, amazing. These things sound great in any application. I have only had the pair for a month and a half so far and I have had the pleasure of using them for many different applications. I have used them as my home theater, lined a Mic straight in and used them for presentations, I have dj'd at a bar and used them as my front of house for my band. They handle everything I throw at them with absolutely no issues. I have never had to turn them up past noon, and that would have been way to much for many of the uses I have for them. These will easily work for med to small bar gigs. They are quality built and you can clearly hear the difference as the amp adjusts to accommodate the flexible portion of the speakers. As well as when adding subs and utilizing the full range/with sub portion of the eq. The only issues I have had so far has been concerning the input 1 and 2. Something internally came loose and both inputs stopped sending a signal to the speakers. This, however, means that I now have to deal with zzounds customer service. And let me tell you about this experience so far, and this is actually what drove me to write this review in the first place....wow! When I called zzounds, it didn't even ring once and someone answered! They asked how they could help, and then when I told him what was wrong and the product I had just recently purchased, he asked if he was speaking with xxxxxxx and stated my name, and I hadn't even told him who I was. Based on what I told him, he was able to figure out who I was, what my email address was and confirmed within 3 min of being on the phone that I should get an email with everything I needed to return the defective speaker. He then proceeded to to thank me and my phone buzzed before I was even off the phone with the email he said I would get.....this is hands down the best purchasing experience I have ever had even if I got a defective product, assuming the new replacement shows up just as fast as the original did, which I'm sure it will!                
What can be said about BOSE?  You get what you pay for.  I am a wedding DJ and went through Mackie, Behringer, QVC, EV....even had an HK line array system.  Always looking for better and more portable.  As a mobile DJ I love being able to set up and tear down quickly.  My last rig was an L1 Model 1 with a 2B bass.  I was going to move up to an L1 Model 2 with dual 2B bass cabs, but the F1 came out.  The sound is AMAZING. I have ran this thing just on the edge of clipping for hours and it is so nice. Frank Sinatra at lower levels is superb and Usher maxed out is just as good. I bought two of these. The tops and bottoms, so close to 5K invested. One set is perfect for most every wedding, I bring both sets out for school dances and such. However, two sets, even pushing 4,000 watts can pretty easily get lost in a gym full of students. I am going to set them up higher at my next one. I have been asked to "turn it up" at a prom...but for weddings.....one set is so perfect. And you never really blast anyone out so bad that the venue is telling you to turn it down. And maxed out, it is CRYSTAL CLEAR. If you need to pound your dance floor into the ground, you may be better off with something more traditional...some 15's pole mounted on a pair of nasty subs.  But if QUALITY of sound is more important, you cannot go wrong with BOSE!!                
Overall these things are amazing right out of the box, even with out subs, the lows are decent. Going to add the subs very soon to go with! Worth every penny!                
I've been using the Bose L1 system for the past 2 years. Great DJ system. I decided to get the F series. I hooked it up , turned on the mixer, hit play, couldn't hear much. I turned up the volume on the speaker, then the trim level, then the master out level and the slider level.....i mean way up to equal the same volume as the L1 system. I'm NOT impressed with this F series at all. Your much better off getting the L1S1 system if you want a GREAT Bose unit.                
I purchased one 812 and 1 sub a little over a year ago for our church and I love them the sound is superior and setup is easy. We don't move them often but when I have to I love that they're super light and easy to set up. I was able to do away with all of our monitors and our platform is clutter-free and everybody can hear themselves. I'll be buying the other pair this year..                
Bose is known for quality and they didn't skip a beat on this one. Superb sound and quality. The best part of this whole transaction was the Distributor zZounds excellent customer service. I ordered the Subs on the weekend and expected delivery on their famous free 2-day shipping by the following Wednesday. Well, there was a communication breakdown at the distributor and the Subs didn't ship on Monday. I called to check on the subs because I needed them for a gig on Thursday. After expressing my discernment with the delay, David at zZounds understood my frustration and offered a satisfactory solution to the delivery issue. All I can say is that zZounds understands working musicians and our need for equipment when we need it! Congratulations zZounds!!! You have a loyal customer for life! Thank you and God bless you all!                
It's awesome never heard bass that deep and that powerful in a speaker that small                
Unparalleled sound from a sub of this size. The lows are so deep that you could never see the Sun. Definitely a system to get for small to medium venues.                 
What can be said about BOSE?  You get what you pay for.  I am a wedding DJ and went through Mackie, Behringer, QVC, EV....even had an HK line array system.  Always looking for better and more portable.  As a mobile DJ I love being able to set up and tear down quickly.  My last rig was an L1 Model 1 with a 2B bass.  I was going to move up to an L1 Model 2 with dual 2B bass cabs, but the F1 came out.  The sound is AMAZING.  I have ran this thing just on the edge of clipping for hours and it is so nice.  Frank Sinatra at lower levels is superb and Usher maxed out is just as good.  I bought two of these.  The tops and bottoms, so close to 5K invested.  One set is perfect for most every wedding, I bring both sets out for school dances and such.  However, two sets, even pushing 4,000 watts can pretty easily get lost in a gym full of students.  I am going to set them up higher at my next one.  I have been asked to "turn it up" at a prom...but for weddings.....one set is so perfect.  And you never really blast anyone out so bad that the venue is telling you to turn it down.  And maxed out, it is CRYSTAL CLEAR.  If you need to pound your dance floor into the ground, you may be better off with something more traditional...some 15's pole mounted on a pair of nasty subs.  But if QUALITY of sound is more important, you cannot go wrong with BOSE!!                
The subwoofer does what it says it will do. Nice woofer for the price.The F series isn't one of Bose best systems.                
I have to admit, when it showed up and I saw how small it was I didn't think it would be loud enough. I play in an acoustic duo and my gig last night was at a bar that is legendary for being loud. For some reason,  the way the bar is set up, the patron' s talking volume gets very loud. Smaller PA systems I've tried to use struggle to combat the volume of the people there "yell talking" to each other haha. I've used bulky behringer 15" eurolive speakers and they work well there. I was tired of lugging around heavy speakers and stands. Trying to find a power source to plug both in etc...This bose l1 compact BLEW ME AWAY! I couldn't believe how well it filled the room with volume. We cranked it to an unbearable volume to just see if it would clip. We never got to the red clipping light. Had to back it off. We played in a noisy bar with around 40 to 50 people and the sound was great. It was crisp and clear no matter where you were sitting. It's almost as if the sound surrounds you. Unbelievable what this thing can accomplish for being so small. I needed 3 channels so I ran the right side output of my mixer to the right side line level 1/4 inch input of the L1. I panned all channels to the right. Ran the mixer main at noon and the L1 at around 11 o clock. It was perfect. At one point we ran mixer main to 3 o clock and L1 to 3 o clock. Not even a little blip of red on the "clip o meter". Hands down best desision to buy this.  Love it.                 
The Bose L1 Compact was purchased as a backup to my Bose L1 Model 1's I use for professional Dj use. It is lightweight and blends in with the decor.  It has ample power to keep up with it's big brother and is an awesome addition to my already amazing setup! Extremely portable and can be run off a A/C powerpack for remote sound. I have been a professional mobile Dj for 20+ years and this is the most clear and lightweight speaker in it's class! I really like it!!                
I have a room full of all kinds of different PA systems that I have purchased over the years. Now I am looking to sell most of it since I purchased the Bose L1 Compact PA System. None of the PA's come close to the sound quality that is produced by the Bose. Why pick up all those heavy PA's that I have when the Bose sounds better, easier to set up and is much lighter. I would advise anyone to purchase this PA.                
Super clean sound and no feed back! I run it with my Roland AC-60 for killer stereo. Much easier and versatile than the Tonematch engine. I can control the effects separately for vocals and guitar and mute all from the Boss foot switches hooked to the Roland. For a duo you would want two of them especially for high volume hard singing. I chose the L1 Compact over the Fishman 220 because of the 180 degree dispersion and lack of feedback annoyances. I play the ski resort hotels and it is perfect for about 100 people. Looks great too!!                
Love it!! Quality sound. As saying goes: YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. The BOSE L1 is absolutely a keeper. I use itmy smart T.V. to enhance the sound or when I am just listening to music from the TV music channel or from the Ipad great sound. I plug in my electric acoustic guitar, karaoke and enjoy numerous nights of fun for the family/friends. Thanks ZZsounds for msking this a painless purchase. My next purchase will be the Bose microphone accessory kit. Watch out now. ..                
I regularly perform on the street and do small venue performing at coffee houses, parties, worship and others. I use it mostly with an acoustic guitar, vocal mic, and loop pedal. I am really impressed with the output of this small system. I recently used it at a park when we were doing an outreach event. I used it to perform music outside for a large crowd, using a portable power source it lasted me 3+ hours and could have probably ran for at least another hour. Because I use a loop pedal I was initially really worried about feedback and sound bleeding into the mic because the L1 was behind me, but I have had no issues with it. I have gotten lots of great feedback about the sound quality.                
A buddy of mine brought one over for a backyard party. After listening to it outside, I was pretty amazed at how much crystal clear sound came out of this. We did some Karaoke and played a lot of MP3's. And helping him break it down and carry it to his car trunk, I was sold. Ordered mine the day after. Would I use this for a huge gig? Well most likely "no", but for smaller venues, this thing puts out more than enough sound and again, if the source is good, the sound is good. This thing is amazingly true and crystal clear, even at louder volumes. I am still pretty amazed at this system. I did not buy the Bose mixer, I just used a Behringer 1202FX, out the 1/4" mains and into the 1/8" "ipod" jack. Works like a champ..                
I bought two L1 portables as stereo keyboard loud speakers. What amazes me is the accuracy of the sound reproduced by these speakers compaired to conventional PA speakers. I would put it on par more or less with the sound produced by studio monitors but at louder sound levels. What is even more amazing it how the speakers throw the sound around and make it seem as if its coming from everywhere, even when the speakers are turned away from you. What I've discovered with these things is that the volume is not so important as the sound seems to magically travel long distances. The sound color also remains the same no matter what distance you are from it. The only thing bad thing I see with these loud speakers is a certain boomyness in the mid low section, somethng that I was able to fix with a little eq.                
Bose uses plastic for these entry level PAs. Their other models use metal. But they seem to be well made and sturdy nonetheless.                
$899 for this kind of amazing sound in a compact and elegant design, not to mention the sound which is the most important is worth every penny. I dont think anything out there compares with these compacts.                
The sound is fantastic. It's clean and loud and sounds the same no matter where you're standing or sitting in the room. Unbelievable!                
I love how simple this system is. I only wish I had the ToneMatch accessory to go with it as I could then adjust the volume without have to get up or bend over. And that will also allow me to add some reverb as well.                
Simple and COMPACT. This thing effortlessly fits in the trunk of my Yaris with my guitar and luggage.                
I wish it was cheaper, but you get what you pay for! This is still a good deal compared to what it would cost to get anything comparable.                
This system makes people's jaw drop. They cannot believe that much sound is coming out of that little array. It's hard to stay humble about it.                
I love it. I plan to buy the ToneMatch accessory and use it to chain a second L1 Compact for even larger venues. Although this unit is PERFECT for any coffeehouse, restaurant, or venue seating less than 100.                
I make my living as a singer/songwriter guitarist and vocalist in the Pittsburgh PA area. I bought this in Dec 2016. As of this review I've used the Compact for 21 performances. Initially it sounded bass-y and scooped (lacking mids) to my ears. The highs and lows ring beautifully but in certain venues I miss the mids. I've been using a Fishman SA220 since 2013 with great success. It is a fantastic system and probably the best value in its class considering, price, tone, easy setup/tear down, and built in features. The Fishman SA also has a very well balanced and warm tone. However, in late 2015 I had to send the control panel of the SA back to Fishman to be serviced. Channel one cut out during a performance. Turns out, in my experience that the control panel in the SA220 has a somewhat recurring issue with dirty pots that need to be cleared with compressed air occasionally. Anyway, that is what led me to try the Bose Compact. As a minimalist, I absolutely love the simplicity of the L1 Compact. It is a very straight forward system without any bells and whistles in the EQ/Effects dept. I’ve been very used to the tone of the Fishman after using it for so long, so I’ve been considering sending the L1 back to zZounds but I have finally come to terms with this realization: Although they sound very different, both the Bose L1 Compact and the Fishman SA220 are exceptional systems for a solo performer. The dispersion of sound produced by the L1 Compact is truly amazing. I've used it in large rooms, small rooms, some with tiles floors some with carpeting. It does really well every time. I've used a Strat, Taylor T5Z, and a Martin through it and they all sound great. If more EQ than what your guitar offers or having on-board effects are important to you then I'd suggest using an additional mixer of some type. Personally, I don't use reverb on my voice in most live situations, so I don't miss it. As far as instrument effects go, I use a few pedals on a pedaltrain. In a noisy bar I think I'd prefer the Fishman SA because it clearly has more OOMPH but when playing to an audience that is there to listen to the performance the Compact will shine even in a fairly large room. I'm not able to comment on using it outdoors because I won't get a chance to do that until later in the year. Time will tell how it holds up under a heavy performance schedule. I'm hoping it will not ever fail due to dust/dirt inside the pots like the control board on the SA has done more than once. I’m not knocking the Fishman, it’s a great system, it’s just frustrating to need to clean out the board occasionally.I'd also like to ad, I have no idea what the saying " No Highs, No Lows, Must be Bose" is based on. The L1 Compact has clear crisp highs and very good lows for a solo performing singer/songwriter with a guitar. If anything, as I mentioned earlier, it lacks mids. Perhaps the highs and lows thing refers to the larger systems or maybe to consumers trying to use the unit in ways other than it was intended.I rated it as a 4 but only due to the fact that in its price range it offers less EQ and on-board effects than competitors. Overall:The L1 Compact: Beautifully minimalist, Sleek, stylish, great sound, more than adequate bass for a solo guitarist/vocalist, a dream to set up and tear down, seems very durable, and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who is seeking simplicity, great sound, and who doesn't want to put heavy boxes up on speaker stands: ) Cheers                
This Bose system is just awesome. I use it at a gym facility for classes as well as background music. The sound quality is top notch and the volume is WAY more than needed. I had thought about supplementing a separate sub to enhance the lower end, but have not really needed to. The acoustics in the gym works well enough. I still may add a sub, as sometimes we do conduct classes outside because of capacity limitations, and the low end is not heard (or felt) as well outside. 
The sound quality so impressed our gym members, that some of them are considered buying their own for their own purposes. 
I rated the Manufacturer Support as 1 star, because I have not needed to use it, therefore I can't rate it.
For some people, the cost might be on the high side. The sound quality, the ease of use, and the versatility makes it worth the cost. If you're looking for a system that is very portable, flexible, and want the quality of sound that only Bose can deliver, then you'll be happy with L1 Compact.                
I've owned four other personal PA systems made by other manufacturers, and this is by far the best. Clear sound, lightweight, small footprint, minimal cords, visually pleasing. Thank you, Bose and Zzounds. And Zounds, thanks also for your Play as You Pay program.                
I've been wanting a nice, compact speaker system I can use for wedding ceremonies, cocktail hours and if the event is small, use them for the whole gig so I decided on the L1 compacts.I purchased two of them and so far have been amazed at the power they deliver. Not really sure about the watts but honestly, they sound amazing. I will be adding a separate bass as I love my low end. While these two have a decent low end, it's just not enough for some hard hitting bass.With that said, I used them at a small venue with about 100 people and they really sounded amazing. I also used 1 for a ceremony due to cable restrictions and that one sounded great for both the officiant and music. If you have the cash and like an elegant look, go for it. I'm still going to add a bass though or just use one of my Mackie 15' thumps for low end.                
This is the best sounding Bose live sound speakers I've heard to date. I did an RTA and revealed its response is fairly neutral, with a light mid high boost to bring out the presence. Microphone does not sound boomy, as the mic input has some EQ applied. The microphone doesn't feed back, even with a SM-58 mic, gain at 1 o'clock, standing 2 ft right in front of the speaker column. The music material sounds punchy, more so than the size of the sub might suggest. The sound quality is on-par with JBL-PRX and QSC powered speakers, just not in terms of output level. You will not find a better sounding integrated system for less than a grand.                
Setup is extremely fast: no poles, no speaker cables, patch cables between amplifier and mixer. Just your instruments/mic and 1 power cord. The modular design allows 3 different speaker heights, depending on how many spacer column you use. When the whole thing is set up, it only takes up a very small footprint: smaller area than a tripod mic stand would occupy. Works very well in tight venues like coffee shop and small classroom.                
It doesn't require a professional sound engineer to make things sound good with this system. Bose did the hard work; you just need to control your volume. 

Everything packs together into 2 light hand-carry stowages. I don't think there is a system out there with a faster setup and easier transporting package.                 
Build quality is top-notched, not a typical made-in-china appearance.                
Everything integrated in a convenient good sounding system for less than a grand. That's quite a value.                
Have not need to use Bose support yet. So can't comment.                
I own it. It has enough appeal to make me want to use it more than I need to use it. The clever design and good build quality does not turn off users like some other cheap products.                
Bose really exercised their product bases to put together this integrated system that makes sense and suits the need of many solo or duo bands. They did it right this time, with a small array at top that projects good distance at useful output levels, with a good gain-before-feedback. You don't need a full-length array for a small system like this. This system will not service a 500-people crowd, nor should it. It has its place.                
Have seen and played with band users of the Bose L1 System and looked forward to getting one.  I was shopping by price so when the system was 10% off I purchased it, adding the tone module since I intend to use it primarily in a guitar/vocal setting.  I was disappointed to discover the tone module required a proprietary power supply.  I went back through the on-line information both from ZZounds and Bose; neither warned me of the requirement.  I did find a user review (after purchase) that had that information.  I think the requirements should be clearly indicated; if the compact system was not designed to be used with the tone module (which the lack of an on-board power supply indicates) then the need and cost of the power supply should be noted.                
I will start by saying I normally am not a fan of Bose...and that is downplaying it. They make decent stuff, but usually you can do better for less money. I have owned QSC K12's recently, amongst many other PA items over the years. But I wanted something for personal type use, for my keyboard, etc... There is no product similar to this piece, so I tried it. There is some dialing in on EQ I had to do, but with my Motif XF8 it was easy. It is fairly amazing that it can disperse the sound so well from a single point. Yes, it is still sort of expensive, but when I take into consideration all the large items I have to carry already, it was the perfect product. I will also say that my first unit came in damaged, and it appears it was a defect off the line. ZZounds went WAY above to help me out since I needed it for a gig. And that is why I will continue to buy from them as I have for a while.                
Most of my music is played through a loop pedal.  I do a lot of beatboxing, vocal  harmonies, and percussion on the guitar. The L1 compact handles this very well.  I have used it to perform for audiences up to 200 people. I have used it outside for parties and events and busking. I've had mine just over a year and have had 0 problems with it.  I highly recommend this system.  I am very happy with my L1 compact.                 
This is by far, the best PA out there. I purchased the T1 ToneMatch Audio Engine Mixer as well. I sing at Senior Centers and Nursing Homes. The sound is clear, clean without fatigueing the listeners. No matter where they are in the room, the systems delivers the same crisp, clear sound that is comfortable to everyone.
As a performer, I absolutely need to be able to hear myself and I can anywhere in the room. What I am putting out to the listner is the same sound I hear myself. I no longer need a monitor of any kind.
Used Bose tech support to get going and they are excellent. The purchase from ZZ Sounds is always smooth and effortless. Not to mention the payment plan.
A very satisified customer indeed.
This system is perfect for my company!  DC2DW DVDJ Entertainment has found the perfect sound with these speakers.  This was my third one and I just order my 4th one!!!  I love the way the sound and my customers are always amazed when I set them up and turn them!!!!  The Ultimate Sound!!!                
I have been singing in nursing homes, assisted living facilities and churches for over 12 years, and this is the 4th system I have used. It is by far the best and lightest, and I would recommend it for any similar situation. I received it on a Tuesday morning, tried it, and used it that afternoon for a program. Everything worked great! I use it about 17 times each month. (I haven't had to use any manufacturer support so can't tell about that)                
Having used this product with the L1 and B2 bass module I was already familiar with the product. I needed one for our Karoake group that I could carry to the member performers' homes. I got this system and it sounds fantastic!!!! It is worth every penny and more! The staff at ZZounds is just excellent. Very professional to deal with, courteous and knowledgeable. They even got me the 4 pay credit arrangement that I was not aware of and the entire transaction was smooth. You even get a monthly reminder for the payment being taken from the credit card so there are no surprises!!!! Just overall an A+ company, product and staff!!! I have also recommended this product to any of our Karaoke group members who is interested in owning and they are all sold on the idea after listening to the sound!!!                
The Bose L1 system is absolutely perfect for my acoustic duo. We also use some recorded tracks, and the system handles the bass & drums flawlessly! True Bose ambience! Thank you ZZounds for making it easy with 12 payments!                
Great sound. I hear it in my performances but more importantly from the response from my audiences. A must for singers, keys etc. soloist                
I've used the L1 Portable on five gigs since purchasing it three weeks ago. I love it's compact portability and the quick setup. I've received numerous positive comments about how great the sound output is. I wish I'd purchased it earlier.                
I bought this Pa system a few months ago after exhausting research done on many systems/combo systems..I'm a jazz guitarist that needed a small, but high quality system for banquet halls, reatuarants, etc..I use backing tracks through my laptop, but then sometimes play with a bass player, keyboardist and drummer..I'm extremely pleased with the quality of sound this thing puts out...it is exactly what i wanted...I do use a small powered monitor off to the side( 12in. speaker)...but only when playing larger rooms..everyone is impressed with the sound ...I currently use a small mixer for my running my electric and nylon string guitars through...jeyboards added and synth drums when a drummer is present...it handle all of this very well...I will say, though that if you find yourself playing for in a larger room and find that you need to crank the volume really high..it will clip...as i'm sure any system would...so when Bose says for audiences up to 100 people I've found that to be an accurate statement..I have a friend with the next level up system and we've played together for events, combine the 2 systems and it sounded fabulous...I'd replace this system immediately if something happened to it...there is a place here in the city that deals with used Pa equipment...they tell me they've NEVER had any of the array systems from Bose in for repairs...It's awesome...I suggest buying it.                
Great sound for small to medium venues for my Karaoke shows, and set-up time has been decreased by 65%.                
great product sounds just as good as 2 srm 450 mackies                
This System is awesome. Going to get  the bigger system soon. Love it!                
I am by no means a professional musician but like many of us out there who like to jam with other friends or occasionally play a small gig in front of an audience, this is certainly the way to go. Very impressed with the sound and power and the ability to store it in a small space. I added the ToneMatch to my system which I highly recommend. I use both electric and acoustic guitars along with singing and the ToneMatch makes it all come together with great sound. I recommend this as there should be more inputs on the actual Bose L1 system. Never would have thought so much sound would come out of a speaker system like this does.                
Great sound system for small and medium venues. Easy to set up and a pleasure to carry due to light weight. Sets up in about 5 minutes. Yes, It's that easy. Sound is full and clear. Makes the guitar sing and voice not muddy. I will be adding on to this system with more Bose equipment.                 
Well, I reviewed this unit once already but need to do it again.  After comparing it numerous times side by side with the Fishman SA 220 I've decided to send the L1 Compact back.  It sounds good and is really nice to set up and tear down.  The highs are crisp and clean and the lows are very good for acoustic guitar.  However, it lacks the warmth in the tone that I hear in the Fishman system and also is not nearly as powerful at projecting sound as the SA220.  Ultimately, I decided it was too much $ to spend on a specialty unit for small/up close venues.  In my experience the Fishman SA can do everything the L1 Compact can do and more.
Great product for what it is, but not for me.
zZounds is absolutely fantastic for their great customer service, fast shipping and Play as You Pay program!                
I like the sound on this amp and it is only about half as heavy as my old amp                
The Bose system rocks  all my guys luv it.  Clear as a Bell.....with no Monitors. Bought the compact to add to my existing L1 system for larger gigs.  The big L1 goes up front and the Baby is used for Monitors.....GR8 combination.                
I'm part of a trio that consists of two guitarists and a bass plus a drum machine. Our audiences are generally under 100 people and the Bose L1 works great for what we do. We got it because we were tired of moving 70 lbs JBL cabinets and stands. We use a 12 channel powered mixer and run a line level signal to the bose. Because the mixer is powered, we could add the additional speakers for a larger venue in addition to the bose if it were necessary. But we don't anticipate a need for that just now. I do recommend using a mixer with some effects, I find plugging directly into the bose to be a little plain sounding. Quite pleased overall.                
I should have not expected anything less. Vocals are incredible. Power is just right for what I need. Very easy to use and very compact.                
Excellent sound! very clean with a nice bass punch so light weight easy to set up perfect for smaller venues                
Sound was great.                
Easy thing to setup ever!!                
A five year old could do the setup for you. No need to get a crew to do something small. Easy, portability, and no large vehicle needed to carry it.                
Great quality. Built solid, but not heavy. Looks great.                
For the amount of money I wouldn't suggest it if you are doing something "big". If you do small get together, stand out in front of buildings and give speeches, or play on the corner, and small outdoor events it's great.                
No need                
Only in a small area was the WOW factor present.                
The sound was good but not enough "boom" I like heavy bass without Bose's other components it wasn't loud enough. If you are looking to do a small outdoor event, For a presentation the simple setup is perfect. For me it didn't have enough Shake rattle and roll.                
Its simple and easy to use, sounds great! Thanks ZZounds for making my first Bose system affordable                
This is the go to system for solo acoustic acts.  It's light, easy to set up and it sounds great.  I also use it with a mixer when I need more channels.  Ideally, I think it works better alone with a guitar and mic.  The only problem I have with it is that it feeds back pretty much all of the time.  I often play small rooms where I am wedged in a corner and it's hard to not stand in front of the unit.  If I can have it out to the side there are no feedback problems.  It also serves well as a monitor for my band.  I played a loud room the other night with a trio and volume was a bit of a problem.  If I tried to turn up the volume it fed back.  It is also a bit pricy in my opinion.  That being said I would definitely recommend this system if you have the cash                
Plug it in, and you are ready to go.                
After reading all the great reviews.. a few by fellow DJ's I was totally stoked to get my new BOSE L1 Compact system,,.. after getting and trying it out I couldn't be more disappointed.. its going back tomorrow.. This unit sucks playing music.. No High, No Lows.. all Middle.. I am not paying another $400+ for the Tone Match system to make it work right.. I picked up the LD Systems MAUI 5 Ultra-Portable Column PA System several months ago and just did a side by side comparison with its BOSE cousin... the MAUI 5 wipes its rear with the BOSE L1... not even close.  I am getting a second MAUI 5                
good sound over priced needs built effects line outs separate from each channel, very under powered, if i could do it all over i would go for the again over priced li sys for more power                
Our company initially purchased six of these for presentation media audio support, corporate presentations, small venue music playback & portable audio.  Compared to most of the "speakers on a stick" (JBL Eon, Mackies, et. al.) they are easy to set up, sound reasonably well for speech but absolutely suck for music playback.  We've liked the appearance of this and the Sennheiser K Arrays but audio quality and $$$ has been disappointing.  On our trip down to NAMM earlier this year we saw a new German company, LD Systems and their Maui series speakers that absolutely blew us away!  Better bass, true mid/high response and less $$ than either.  If our fleet of JBL Eons could last another season we wouldn't be shopping so intensely but from what we've heard Bose will not be in our future.                
The sound quality is pretty good. Its nice and clear. Loud. I just wish it had a little more bass. I used this system for a small DJ gig. I think the sound is great for a small house party (indoors). If your looking for something with a little more power and bass I'd recommend the Bose L1 Model I System Single Bass Package. I'd recommend this particular speaker for a guitar or any other live instrument. I would not recommend this speaker for a DJ gigging at large venues. This is more for a smaller DJ gig or maybe even better used as practice speakers.                 
The product included carrying cases!                
This speaker is very easy to use. The best part is how easy it is to put the speaker together and to take it apart. It's super light. Its powered so thats another great thing about it. Its super simple and to the point when it come to connecting a guitar or a mixer or for most instruments for that matter.                
The product is high quality which you can expect from most if not all Bose products. Very dependable, feels sturdy. I think this product would be good for traveling. It's very compact and easy to carry around. It's super light also. Seems like it'll last a long time.                
Yes it's definitely worth the money!                
Haven't had to deal with support so that's a good thing !                
It's pretty sexy ;) very nice design i must say.                
I would keep this speaker but I would also want to have something a little more powerful for DJ gigs. More bass specifically. You can never have enough bass when it comes to spinning records. But i think this is a great speaker for live instruments as well as a great clear quality practice speaker for todays DJ.                
I ordered this not knowing what to expect. It works great for the events that I DJ at. Majority of my events are weddings. It sounds great and will get loud. Works great in spreading out the sound throughout an entire area. I was worried if it would put out enough bass with the (2) additional bass modules. It has done more than I expected. Most important of them all....it is easy to set up and less to carry around than your traditional speakers. Can set up in less than 5 minutes straight out of the protective carrying bag that BOSE sends with this product. You will not regret ordering this system. The cost is high but it is well worth it. I ordered it on a Monday and received the entire system on a Thursday and was playing at my first event on a Friday Night. I left my traditional PEAVEY system at home and have not used it since. That was over a month ago. I still like my PEAVEY System but I will use my BOSE System wherever and whenever I can. Thank You zZounds!                
I love this system switching from my QSC to several Bose L1 model II B2 systems the sound and bass  thumps get the power pack. My customers love my sound and the sleek style of the bose system.                
I recently bought the L1 and the compact and use them together with the double bass pkg. On the advice of a friend I passed on the Tone Match engine and intead bought a small passive mixer. I have a five piece band with drummer, bass, two electric guitars and acoustic. I was really skeptical that the system would have enough punch to cut thru all the noise on stage. I've been hauling around tons of equipment for years and finally decided to give it a try. I couldn't be happier. No you're not going to play a stadium with this system but so far I've never been dissapointed. We've played rodeo dances and fairly large outdoor venues without a problem. Our set up and sound check time is a third of what it used to be and we no longer have to use a trailer. Mission acomplished Bose! I don't know how you get so much sound out of such a small system! I'm very pleased and would highly reccomend it. My only complaint is that the cords for the bass units are too short...and they're very expensive to replace.                
Used the item outdoors for a wedding with about 150 people. The sound was easily better than any other PA system I've used in that situation. The LII's resistance to feedback really helped when micing people and made for a very natural sound.                 
T1 remote very extensive and helpful. Good sound and processing. Little bit of learning curve to use all the features, but it gets you up and running with minimal effort.                 
By far the easiest to move and quickest to set of any PA I've used.                
Everything was made very well and felt solid and well designed. You can tell they put alot of money into the engineering.                 
A little expensive, but totally worth it for a DJ who wants a simple and attractive setup, or for an idiot proof PA.                 
Haven't had to deal directly with Bose, but I was impressed by the solid design of the product.                
Very sexy PA.                
Overall this is a great product. The price is a little hard to swallow, but the value is really outstanding. It is a great investment.                 
I Have two of these towers now. Both from ZZounds.com. All I can say is WOW! I was skeptical at first. But after trying them together, they are amazing. I use one for my acoustic show (3pc with guitar, bass, conga drum, vocals) and its overkill, but crystal clear and amazing sound. 
I also DJ for different events as well as a 500 person capacity club. It meets all my needs other than I think I will add an extra B2 module or two for the club. Its plenty loud for the areas I play, however in a full club of that size the bass end gets soaked up and I'm playing mostly dance/club songs that require strong bass. 
I've used it with my rock band and it is great. We got rid of the monitors, other than our drummer who uses in-ear monitors, and thats just because he wants the personal mix. Again, it would be nice to have the extra sub when playing the big club, but for your midsized bars, these two systems are quite enough for a rock band. 
My only critique is no XLR inputs. I'd like to have the option to use XLR instead of 1/4" but no luck.
overall, this is an amazing product. Its pricey, but for anything else out there that offers what these towers offer, its very reasonably priced. No more 150# speakers to carry!!                 
After reading all the hoopla about the Bose L1 Model II with the new B2 bass module, I finally broke down and decided to give one a try(without the Tone Match Engine). I have never been too impressed with the specs on Bose speakers; in the past 35 years of playing music professionally, running sound and as a recording studio engineer, I have only used Bose as a "cheap" monitor reference while mastering in the studio. Bose are the speakers that I turn on to see how a master might sound in someone's car...
The L1 series II is really something that you need to actually hear to appriciate! I set up one tower in my recording studio's 25x40' acustically dead room, cranked up some music that had good punchy bass and drums and was amazed! This system is loud,  punchy and ultra clear. 
Since the dead room is used as a band rehersal space as well, I decided to use the L1 system as a single monitoring system for the three bands that use the space to practice for a couple weeks to see what the musicians thought about the system's performance. The bands are classic rock, world beat and Americana. To make a long story short: everyone is now scrambling to sell the PA systems that they currently have to purchase L1 series II systems.....That says a lot....These folks are serious musicians and many of them professionals. The main comments from the musicians was how clear the mix was, how smooth the highs were and the fact that no matter where they were in the room, the sound was the same. One comment to note from the rock drummer(and drum shop owner): "I can't believe the kick drum sound that is comming from that little system!" 
The new B2 bass module is impressive however, outside or larger (200+) indoor venues and / or needing to reset someone's pace maker via kick drum may require extra subwoofers in the rock world. FYI: the L1 tower can get loud enough to need to Mic. the drums in order for them to "keep up".
Some folks seem to think that the L1 array system is too expensive for what it is. Personally, given the 7' tower throwing sound from the floor up and the fact that the array really does throw sound nearly 180 degrees to the sides, I would think that it would cost more to stack and splay several speaker cabinets to cover the same acoustic space(not to mention the size difference;-)
Down side(not much to say here):
The input is TRS only. I would have hope for a XLR/TRS combo jack to avoid looking around for XLR to TRS adapters to plug in.
The fact the Bose does not use compression drivers or another from of tweeter in their design does mean that the highs(above ~12.5k) roll off pretty fast. However, I found that there is plenty is "sizzle" on the vocals and cymbals with a bit of  EQ tweaking not to care much about the highs not keeping up (spec wise) with other live speaker systems out there.
The L1 / B2 system that I received needed to have a firmware upgrade in order to take advantage of the B2's bass response switch. The upgrade requires the Tone Match engine to "talk" to the the power base. I guess I'm lucky that there was a local music store that happened to have one that I could use to upgrade with.
I plan to purchase one more L1 series II with the B2 module in the near future to use in a stereo live rig. I have not heard anything out there in the same price range that can compete with these arrays.                
I have many years in broadcasting, specifically radio and audio production. I am retired now and DJ/KJ on the weekends, and also sing in a classic rock band. I have been through *many* systems over the years, from Klipsch to EV, but like someone mentioned in another review, I too am scrambling to sell everything. The Bose L1 Model II system I bought has the T1 unit, and a B2 subwoofer. I use it twice a week for karaoke, once a month for weddings and parties, and twice a month for my band. The sound fills every corner of the room, even when playing outside it has the longest "throw" of anything I have used short of a flying array. The B2 bass module is pretty potent for its size, it works great for small venues, but if you want chest pounding bass for hip-hop, look for a powered 18" from one of the major manufacturers. The T1 mixer may be small, but Bose packed some good stuff in the box! Compression, EQ, modeling, USB sound, and more. I have been sailing with my L1 for several months now, and consider it to be one of the best purchases ever, and I will be adding a second L1 very soon. If you are on the fence about the investment on this system, I have two words of advice to give you... DO IT!                
This is my second L1 system, I had two L1s with 8 B1s and two packlite amps back in 2008 and it was really a great system but I had too many B-1s (8) to get the bass response I needed for my mobile DJ needs. Now with the B2 bass module I can get the sound I want with four bass modules and two L1s and two packlite amps. The sound is amazing and I always get compliments during each show I perform at. Everyone is just amazed at how it sounds and they see the name Bose and they say, "no wonder, its Bose".  Others say, "I have never seen a Bose setup like this before". This is an expensive system so be prepared to fork out a lot of money but if you like Bose as I do then the price doesn't matter.                
I am a previous owner of a L-I model I and model II systems. This setup with two B2s and a packlight amp sounds excellent if you need extra low end. The B2 is a huge improvement over the B1 bass module. Some people may complain that portability is lost because the cabinet is significantly larger and heavier but I say not!  The average person can carry one in each hand during setup and tear down. I've always been a Bose fan so to me this is an investment and definitely money well spent!!                
i spent a lot of time reading the Bose blogs before buying.  My objectives were better sound, less gear and quicker set-up times.  The sound quality is awesome, beyond my expectations!                 
I love this product! I travel and sing full time so I needed something compact with a big sound. That totally describes this product! It fits in my small car and puts out a sound you wouldn't believe. I'm a female, and sometimes I can't carry heavy equipment. I have no problem with this. It's lightweight and easy to fill up. It filled up a 500 seater auditorium WITH my band plugged in my board at only half volume. Amazing! I highly recommend it!                
What I mean by the title is that this system is excellent in sound and quality. But, for the price you can get better sounding speakers such as the QSCs. And after buying these I found that this is a heavy set up after all. Quick set up, but heavy.Be sure to get the SKB hard cases to protect this exspensive system.                
I'VE BEEN IN THE MUSIC GAME SINCE 1962 (YES I'M OLD SCHOOL) AND BUYING THE Bose L1 Model 1S with B1 Bass Module WAS  THE  FINEST PRODUCT THAT YOUR MONEY CAN BUY.  IT IS TRULY  AN AWAKENING TO HEAR WHAT THE AUDIENCE HEARS.  THE ONLY FAULT  THAT I CAN THINK OF IS, WHY DID I WAIT SO LONG... YOU WILL LOVE IT IF YOU ARE REALLY ANY MUSICIAN AT ALL. zZOUNDS MADE IT EASY  TO BE WITHIN MY GRASP WITH A 12 PAYMENT PLAN AND THEY SHIPPED FAST.  ALL I CAN ADD IS TO ACT NOW WHILE YOU CAN!
THANKS zZOUNDS. 
Hi, I am a female that collects music, videos and karaoke.  I dj for many events and purchasing Bose L1 have been the best decision I made.  Less carrying and storing my equipment.  I plan to purchase another set this year.  I recommend to get this speaker because you do not have to carry many speakers.  I feel good when people view and stare at my equipment.                  
I play in a band and DJ Wedding Receptions...the set up is easy and the sound is great. It's so clear I'm hearing parts of songs I never knew existed.                
I sold my old PA system, which was 4 peavey PR15 speakers and a Yamaha emx512 power mixer. I bought the L1S mostly for the mobility, its a pain to lug those peavey's everywhere. Anyway I then bought the Allen & Heath ZED 10FX mixer.I love this New setup! I do Karaoke Hosting and usually have crowds near 100. I only use 25% of this systems Capacity. For DJing I wouldn't get anymore than this, although I did buy another B1 sub. and it does make a difference.                
I've borrowed both the L1 and L1 S1 for my acoustic duo and these are really awesome.  Love the easy carry in and setup.  The L1S1 is definitely the better and worth the extra money in my opinion.  We play at venues as small as 60 people and up to easily 300 or more... even outdoors and this system kicks @ss.  Been in the business for 30 years, and I own PA stuff big enough to fill an auditorium, but the Bose stick is my PA of choice now! I'll be buying soon as I can sell off the big stuff.                
For my purposes the Bose L1/B1 Bass system has revolutionized my PA system. As an aging musician, no more lugging heavy speakers and monitors. Setup is incredibly fast and easy. I love Bose's technology that minimizes volume drop-off while filling the back corners of the room. I love hearing the room mix while worrying less about mic feedback. I'm saving my lunch money to get a matching module so to really fill a good size room.                
Total awesome!                
I've been a DJ for about 15 years now...and the sounds are the heart of the performance as far as I am concerned. People always  think the lights are what matters, or the hardware like turntables that make the DJ show amazing. I'm here to tell you, it's the sounds! This Bose product is the best speaker system I have ever purchased. From going from heavy 15" speakers to these is a huge change. They are so compact, easy to transport and loud as hell. They connect to almost anything as long as it has a 1/4" plug. I just had to get another one! I have a small Honda Civic, and I fit 2 of these systems comfortably. Every gig I get amazes people. "Is all that sound coming from that speaker?", they ask. And I answer with a big smile and say, "YES!" I LOVE IT!!                
For a number of years, I've been thinking about getting a Bose system. Because they are rather rare where I live, it's been difficult to get my hands (and ears) on one. I was able to listen to one at a local big box music retailer for just a few minutes and had the opportunity to work a mixer for a bit. That was a few months ago.So, in my email, a message from Zzounds comes along offering the 12 payment plan. Without hesitation, I decide to order a L1 1S with B2 Bass Module. Now, in the back of my mind my spider-sense was tingling... will it sound as good as I hope it will? Will my concerns about the "punch" and "highs/lows" be resolved? Well, the unit arrived quickly and a few days later I had the opportunity to try it out for a holiday party with karaoke.I have to say that I was literally blown away by the sound and quality of this set up! The venue was mid-sized and the throw was great. People in the back of the room could hear everything. While the karaoke singers were on stage, they could hear themselves without the need for a separate monitor and when I needed to kick up the volume for DJ music, the B2 sub gave me the kick I needed to get people dancing. The best part was the bar owner's expression when he saw what was providing all of that sound!The next week, I had another holiday party, this time with live music. Besides being a DJ, I perform as a one-man act with keys, horns and sing. This venue was larger and had about 150 people. Well, the Bose killed it!During this event, they needed to speak to the audience for about a half hour and the podium was on the other side of the room (about 75 feet away) Not once did anyone look at me with that "I can't hear him look..."While I still need to use this at a smaller weeding, I felt confident enough in what I've heard so far to write this review. If it keeps amazing me with it's versatility and sound quality, I'll be buying another identical set up next season.                
I bought the Bose L1 system to replace my 4 peavy speakers. It really amazes me as to how well the Bose system works. I have people telling me that it blows my old setup out of the water. Set up time is greatly reduced. Sound quality is great.  If you are worried about not having enough let me tell you there are no worries. 
As they say "You get what you pay for" if you can afford to buy this system I highly recommend it.                
I bought this just for my patio parties.  I went to the music store and got two different cables and addapter to plug into my iPhone 6 and play off of Pandora.  At first the sound was not good and I was worried.  When i used the large cable with the adaptor, it was amazing!!!!  I love it!!!!                
This thing has the goods my friends. I haven't seen anyone review this that plays heavier music so I had to put in my thoughts. The clearity and punch you get from this thing is rediculous and it works amazing right out of the box. The addition of the B2 to this just makes this thing purr... I have yet to use this live, but after dealing with too many egos I was more then happy to temperarly replace the members I cant find with this bad boy and a computer with canned tracks. Which may not sound very metal but its what I have to do to to get my music performed in this climate. This thing keeps up with my 5150 iii well and I can play at comfortable volumes which the fans will enjoy I'm pretty sure. Its plunty loud and doesnt feedback with vocal microphones which still impresses me everytime I turn it on. I love it and can't wait to get a second one. The only thing better then this is the L1 model 2 that my dad has but this one was just priced so great with Zzounds payment options ( which is the greatest thing to happen to musicians in a very long time) I had to go with it and I don't regret it at all. This site is why I'm able to own such great gear! Thank you so so much Zzounds! Try this out, you wont regret it!                
This is my very first Bose purchase and I must say, it is every bit amazing as they all say. It was a breeze to put together. Takes up very little space and sounds amazing! Zzounds is all amazing! Product cam win perfectly safe and in working condition straight out of the box. It arrived exactly when they said it would...even all the way here in Hawaii. The payment plans are the reason I could make this purchase possible. Thank you thank you a million times, thank you!!!                
Well, I bought two of these after hearing a demo at guitar center. This beast has everything I need for my sound system. I am mobile DJ just started, but I did want to go to the lower end speakers...I have Peavey speakers, two Peavey PV115D powered speaker and two Peavey PV118 passive subwoofer. These Peavey speaker have no match with my Bose system. I normally use my Bose in doors, and Peaveys for outdoors. Sound is perfect to me, I always Bose system at home. It is very expensive, but it is worth investing for a good quality sound.                 
The system is perfect for my needs                
The best clear sound I've heard in years. I was reluctant at first to jump in on ths system because of the price and smallness of the speakers, was worried about the loudness in a crowded bar or wedding venue. Did my homework, talked to a lot of people and made the decision and wish I would have done it sooner. The system is light, well cased, and is literally 10 minutes from playing a gig. As soon as this one is payed for I will upgrade and buy another. Haven't needed manufacturers support and the sound is the best, I used JBL and QSC and Peavey before, They are heavy and take up so much room. With the B2 Bass I will never go back.                
This is an awesome piece, I took it out of the box and set it up right away. The sound is impeccable and I would recommend this to anyone that does DJ or live performance. I'm going to use this mainly for weddings and some karaoke gigs. I haven't had to use the manufacturers support.                
I suffer from tinnitus and drive a lot for work, almost like a truck driver. The road noise eventually started making my tinnitus worse so I decided to give these a try. They keep everything quieter and when I want to listen to music at low volumes I can hear everything super clear.They are so comfortable I sometimes forget I'm wearing them and I feel like the sound is coming from the car speakers instead of the headphones.The only bad thing that I've been able to find is of course noise cancelling headphones have microphones that capture noise and produce a negative sound wave to cancel out the noise. But something weird is that when it's super windy outside and even with the windows closed, the wind still affects the headphones a little bit and creates a sudden noise. I wonder why this happens if the wind is not directly hitting the microphones.That happens just every now and then and I hope Bose fixes this issue in the next model.                
I felt I was taking a massive risk in buying these, ultra overpriced I felt. The worst that could happen would just be that I'd return them and survive it. 
But I like these too much to send them back. I got the silver ones, they look awesome. The sound is perfect, the noise cancellation is very powerful and the aesthetics are great, especially the silver one. They are very comfortable and flexible and have extremely convienent controls and the way the inside of the headphones have a huge R and L in it is really neat and helpful. It's so nice to have a bluetooth connection! That is extremely helpful in so many ways. 
I'd buy this if you both have the money and don't want to buy another pair of headphones or ear buds ever again. And if you fly a lot of have good reason to get noise cancellation, or just enjoy having it. I love zZounds for their payment plans, makes everything possible and reasonable. 
Be sure to get the Bose app straightaway for it. I will rarely ever use the voice function but it's neat to know I have it. I might get in the habit of using it in the future I imagine.
I'm sure the customer support is great but don't anticipate ever needing to contact them about anything. 
Again, everything is very, well, exquisite is the word. Extremely expensive, scary expensive but it is worth every penny in the end. I expect tremendous mileage out of these.                 
The dispersion of clear sound is amazing, the selectable mic or guitar ToneMatch settings help to cut thru the mix. Bluetooth sound has no EQ control just overall volume.                
Portability and onBoard ToneMatch with Reverb are the key features that got me. Bluetooth was a bonus.                
This unit is plug and play, or unplug and play, it’s that simple.                
Unit feels well made and sturdy. Rubber padding on cabinet for all three positions: Tabletop/Tiltback/Monitor. Knob pots are smooth. Top handle is solid, the whole look of the unit is Pro.                
Compared to other items with similar features, this speaker is way to expensive, But I personally feel it’s worth the price, for Portability, Reliability, Sound Quality, Manufactures Support aanndd it has a TRS LIne out.                
I had a problem with the red light flashing while I had the unit plugged in to outlet strip, looked at manual, no info, found a sticker that says flashing red means less than 10% battery life. Talked to Bose while driving to work. Advised Reset unit. In the end, I had been using it on battery power while plugged in because strip was OFF.                 
It Looks Pro, it Sounds Pro and it Feels Pro                
Gotta Have It.                
I just got delivery on the two Bose S1 Pro Units and am very pleased and true to Bose they deliver the sound for me every time Im use them. These little boxes are only 15 pounds but have the sound including low end of a much bigger box. I just ordered another one ! I just did the update also though the Bose web site so that you can use the Bose connect app to stream two together. Lightweight, powerful, full rich sound and great low end. The battery does what they say it does nd runs for hours .I ran it for about 4 hours first time with much more to spare.I have called Bose several times and they are quick and informative .That s one of the reasons I really like Bose .I use these for small Dj events and corporate they are great !                
First off, these are not only small and light, but easily the most powerful portable speakers I have used professionally. If you are a DJ these may just change your life! Gigging people everywhere, this will more than cover most shows with 100+ persons. The speakers are very versatile, I have used them for my guitar, directly in with the "ToneMatch" on guitar. Reverb is good and the EQ settings do assist getting a great sound. Phantom Power is not available on the unit, (the only mark missed in my opinion). My Shure SM 57 and 58's as well as the Sennhiesers 906e work well and sound clear as a bell. Singing and playing setup is very easy, as well as tearing down. I bought a Pair of Live sound Mini PA speaker stands to use these, the speakers are light and are a good fit you wont need the full size stands unless you want to get the speaker up high. They work good in the 3 positions they were designed for, and the EQ actually accommodates and changes for each change. I have used the BOSE Connect App to connect the speakers via Bluetooth in Stereo. I will let you know, that I did have to update the speakers to get this to work. The Bose site actually had this listed and the solution to resolve the issue. I have put actual distortion pedals into the speakers and it sounds well, the reverb and the ToneMatch give the sound of an amp! (very good sound with some tweaking) I love this setup for my OPEN Mic nights! I use one Bose S1,Two BOSS WL20 wireless systems, one Bogner Red Extacy Pedal and a Charvel San Dimas guitar. All battery, all wireless and all awesome. I am actually building more wireless options and rigs that have more versatility. I cannot rave enough about these incredible Speakers. Try one and see what you have been missing! I plan to but 4 more and replace my Huge PA Speakers with these. I can see the possibilities and so will you.                
I purchased this speaker for little reunions, listen to music, karaoke and it just sounds great. Clean sound, portable and very well built. Very happy with this speaker.                
My S1Pro was delivered 3 days ago and I can’t believe something that light weight and small can deliver the sound quality I come to expect from BOSE. I love it. The sound is similar to my L1S1 towers. If you are looking for a true, quality practice system, this is it. I used it at band practice yesterday and the other guys couldn’t believe what they were hearing. If I could give it 6 stars I would. The only drawback is there is no phantom power button for my shure 87 A mic. I needed to attach one of my tone matches to get the phantom power. Adding the seoerate tone match also increases the number of channels. At practice I had 3 mics, a guitar and a bass going through it at the same time and it was crystal clear.                
WOW! RIDICULOUS! IMPOSSIBLE! ... This pa is on another level. Remarkable engineering to get crisp, clear, powerful sounds from a speaker of this size and portability. Acoustic guitar and vocals are amazing! Dispersion is amazing as well. Buy it. You will not regret it. Thanks to zZounds for great service always!                
I bought this on a whim to try it out. It certainly has that "Bose" sound. Heavy bass, sometimes hard sounding highs but with decent midrange. You can tell it's heavily processed via EQ curve. I bought it mainly for a back yard Bluetooth speaker. In the upright position either on a table or stand, the bass is so forward that it distorts very easily even at mid volume with modern bass heavy music. Older 80s music is not an issue. IF it had a bass level on the Bluetooth input where you could dial it down, that my have helped. Unfortunately it does not. 
I find it funny how every on of the professional demos are acoustic guitar. It sounds great with that but put real world music through it and it disappoints. I suppose if you were using it in a PA system and were able to filter out the bass and send it to a subwoofer, it would work pretty good. 
Not sure if I'm keeping it. For $600 I expected more. I thought I may have gotten bit by the Bose bug but I think I'm just going to swat it away.                 
MAGNIFICO, EXTRAORDINARIO,VERSATIL, MUY MUY CHINGON !!!!!!!! thanks zzounds for the opportunity of financing !!!!!!awesome !!! 10 stars.for both .                
I am not a newcomer to pa systems small or medium sized.I fogured its a Bose so it will fill a room with good quality clean crisp sound.Well....in a small living room area with 20 people the volumes on the mixer were maxed out and it was not enough!Mike had no headroom. Ok it sounded ok but not sensational as the price tag would suggest.my Behringer 8" powered speaker and Behringer mixer have way more punch and volume......sent it back.....                
Excellent quality. Comes with a dust cover, battery pack and power cord. The sound is what makes or breaks this speaker. I would not use these for studio monitors or critical listening. I was playing some 24 bit HiRes AIFF files, and it could not keep up with a balanced frequency. I compared the Bose to different set of HiRes studio monitors. It gets the drum frequencies right, but it fails with ambience and vocals. You'll notice a big dip in the volume, as if you lowered a certain track during you're mixing. Very weird and disappointing. I found this speaker to sound phenomenal with YouTube videos and movies. Nice and smooth!. It just failed when it had to perform for my DAW. So confusing!. To conclude, my music is way too ambient for the Bose S1 Pro.. The Bose Acoustimas system sounds way better. I was just annoyed with a big sub bass under my desk and wires. When it comes to the S1 Pro,  I do see this more ideal for live instruments, video games and movies. I would not recommend for DAWs and music purist.                
I recently purchased one of these for my wife, pairing with her phone was very easy! The sound, in particular the bass was very surprising in it's punchiness and clarity. My wife loves this little speaker and uses it often! If you're looking for a small easy to use great sounding little speaker this Bose Soundlink Color 2 will not disappoint!                 
I own several Bose products,and this one is no different! Amazing sound ,easy hookup ,and very easy to program. Very satisfied! I will be buying more!                
This was a guilty pleasure purchase for me! The last thing I needed was another pair of bluetooth speakers! But, WOW! I am so glad I purchased these! They have replaced just about every pair of headphones and bluetooth speakers I own. I had no idea what I was going to use these for! But I wear them to work everyday and I wear them around the house when I'm doing chores. The sound quality is fantastic and the sound stage and imaging are outstanding as well! Get a pair, you won't regret it!                
I purchased two Bose SoundTouch 10's and a SoundTouch Wireless Link. I wanted to buy at least one of the larger Bose SoundTouch units for bigger, better sound. I was replacing a Nyne bluetooth and an ipod nano touch.Setup was simple once I downloaded the app on my phone and computer. I programmed my iTunes playlists in the six available presets fairly easily. The app could be a little simpler to operate (very simple on setup).But what blows me away is the sound quality, and beefy bass response, that you get out of this little speaker. It is easily half the size of what I replaced, but the sound quality is much better, and just as "big" if not bigger. If I was filling a larger space, I would definitely want the SoundTouch 20 or 30 units. But if you're holding off because you don't think the smallest of these speakers will get the job done, think again. After all, it is Bose.                
I absolutely love these earbuds! They have amazing sound quality! Deep lows, smooth midrange and airy highs! These buds sound almost like full size headphones! I also like the fact that these don't feel like they're going to fall out of my ears. I had a pair of Apple AirPods and these blow them away in every respect! And of course, zZounds made it easy to purchase these through their wonderful, "Pay-as-you-Play" program!                
Great cable. Soft, pliable casing prevents kinks and makes it easy to roll up and unroll while on the road. By the way, the cable is 18ft. Long. This spec seems to be missing in sales specifications.                
The clamp is made of plastic that breaks very easily even while being careful with it. The clamp adjusts to several sizes which is very well thought out. The problem is the material the clamp is made from.                
This is the shoddiest music accessory ever made. It's made of plastic, and after a couple of uses it will no longer fully clamp down. Shortly after that, it will break, allowing your $500 tonematch (also made of plastic) to fall to the stage. With all of Bose's innovations, one would think that their engineers could design a simple, METAL, reliable device for attaching the tonematch to the mic stand.                
Does exactly what it says. There is no hum on any channel like many other cheaply made A/B switches and LED indicators make it easy to quickly view the routing. Long battery life makes this sleek switch a winner.                
Seamless, silent switching.  No degradation of sound at all.                
Very basic and simple.  Does just exactly what it's meant for.                
Metal case, GT-6 switch, rubber,non-slip base, heavy, I don't think this unit could be constructed any better!                
A little pricey, but look at the quality and the silent switching circuitry.  I would gladly pay this much again!                
I'm guessing Boss is okay on support, I've never had to find out!                
I don't just want it, I need it.  I use a Fender Twin Reverb amp and use it for channel switching.                
Better than anything else out there for this purpose!                
It's silent, which is what it's supposed to be.                
Does one very simple thing and does it efficiently.                 
Plug in 3 cords, step on a switch. Can't be easier.                
Seems very sturdy. Very small, will take up no room on my board. Very Nice.                
$30 some dollars. Can't get better than that.                
Haven't needed it, doubt I will.                
It's kind of like a girl you've been dating a long time. You know where it's going to be and what it's going to do. You don't think of it as sexy, but it's nice to have around.                
It's simple and effective.                
This pedal has excellent sound. I love instead of turning off the Distortion and getting a hollow sounding clean electric, now I just hit the stompbox and it sounds like I just picked up my acoustic that's sitting in the corner (Which is just too far to consider).                
The preset modes are nice, the Piezo is my personal preference. The Top and Body tone knobs are effective and can greatly change your sound, and the Reverb function is high quality and useful.                
Standard Boss: Plug and play.                
Standard Boss Again: I'd imagine if I threw this pedal off of the roof it might break a knob off, but they pedal would still work. This pedal feels like a beast for its size.                
Never needed support.                
Overall I'd give this pedal a 9, only because you have to adjust it quite a bit if you plug into a new amp to get the perfect sound you want.                
Cheesy, unrealistic, failed for my tastes and purposes. Well made and durable, though. i owned it , and i was glad to sell it to a friend who liked it!                
Stereo inputs would've been nice, especially if one input would do well for electric basses. Too few controls!                
great construction, although the noise level was high for a Boss pedal.                
Sorry, but cheaper pedals blow this unit out of the water!                
n/a; I didn't contact Boss.                
I purchased this in the hope that it would be good enough to use for a couple of acoustic guitar parts on stage. I used a strat and tried it both direct to pa and through a guitar amp.  There is so much digital fizz in this thing I feel it is unusable.  The fizz seem related to the top control - if you turn it down the fizz goes away, but so does the acoustic tone. Too bad because under the fizz you can sort of hear promising acoustic tones..Maybe the AC4 will correct this problem, but I sent mine back.                   
I have a few amps. I play primarily acoustic & I lead worship. There are times where I'm just by myself & then sometimes I have a full band. 
This amp is great! The very 1st time I lead with it, I got compliments on how good sound was. It can really help bring the whole mix to life if used right. I wouldn't trade it for anything else on the market. Just make sure you pick up the GA-FC to utilize all the sweet functions this amp has built in. Last suggestion: don't go over the top, use the effects to add to the sound & you're sure to have a better set!                
This pedal is OK.  If your into funky solos, this is not for you.  It is mainly for any songs that require wah the entire way.                  
It has tons of different combinations of sounds that are easy to create.  The worst part is when the battery runs out.                
its very durable and has good quality                
You dont HAVE to have it compared to some other wah pedals, but it is a fun box if your just messin' around.                
Overall this pedal is decent.  Not exactly Eric Clapton pedal, but its pretty fun to play with                
I purchased the Boss L2 Carry Bag for my new Boss GT-100. The unit fits snug as if designed for it specifically. Plenty of room, with the second storage compartment outside for cords or your extra "Gotta Have" stompbox, or both. Looks great. Seems well put together, but the one negative point.....the zippers seem OK, but time will tell. As far as Manufacturer support, I've dealt with Boss in the past, so I feel safe with their company.                
I bought this bag for my Helix LT and it fits perfectly what a great product at this price can't recommend it enough                
Great product! Bought for my Boss GT-8 and it fits well and my pedal is well-protected!                 
Designed for 3 Boss pedals, this definitely works well for my 2 pedals and AC adapter. I think it'd be pretty tight if you had 3 pedals. Keeping the pedals rigid makes transport and cable management much simpler, so it's a good match for me.                
The way the cover attaches and detaches is a little counter-intuitive, but I think that's a necessity of the design so that the pedals are positioned properly for use.                
It seems fine so far.                
It's probably a little expensive for the capacity, but there's virtually nothing else small out there. I hesitated a long time before purchasing it, but I'm glad I finally di.                
It definitely makes my life easier getting my gear ready to transport. (I'm not a professional musician, but go to a lot of jam sessions).                
Replace with same.                
sound depends on the pedals you use and settings. so its up to you                
has everything you need to get your pedals going. they pop in and out easy to allow disconnecting when you transport your equipment.                 
very easy to use top just pops off to let you get it out the way..                 
The quality is really good.                
a great value for the money!                
never needed any support                
If you have mostly Boss petals this is the case for you..                 
Got two of these and expect them to last for years.                
the unit does not add any noise interference that I can see...and I have 3 of them, chained together.                
This unit is great if you have a lot of Boss pedals; you may have trouble squeezing in pedals from different manufacturers.  That being said, the foam panels are easily removable to fit larger pedals, and a blank piece of foam is included in the kit, to custom cut for an odd shaped pedal.  I have a full sized EHX Metal Muff in one of my boards, and it fit just fine by removing the foam panel.  I have also added a Danelectro mini pedal to a full(6 Boss pedals)board, and it fit perfectly above and between 2 pedals...the board has a daisy chain with 8 connectors, so having more than 6 in the board wasn't a problem.  I don't tour, and my rig stays set up in my living room, so I can't comment on durability.  I will say, that contrary to what someone else mentioned, I don't have a problem "stomping" the pedals....  and I'm not a gymnast........                
as stated before, no extraneous noise.  One thing worth mentioning; though the unit comes with all the connector cables you need, DON'T LOSE THEM!!!!  The Boss cables are sort of propriatary ;  The pedals are spaced too close together to use most generic 6" connector cables!  one of the second hand boards I bought was missing a couple of cables, and after searching for months, I was finally able to find a couple that fit...for $15.00 each!!!!!.  So don't lose the Boss ones, and you won't have any trouble.                
IMHO, it's built like a tank, like other Boss products.  High impact plastic, thick inner foam to protect the pedals.  I bought one of my 3 boards from a touring musician, and it was none the worse for wear after 2 years use.                  
The price seems average to low for pedal boards.  Definately worth the money, and readily available on the used market for around $100.  But buy a new one from Zzounds.....ahem......                
Never had a problem, after owning dozens of Boss products over the years.                
are pedal boards sexy? hmmmmmmmm......                
As I mentioned; I have 3 of these pedal boards, chained together, with one filled with distortion boxes & looped through a noise gate; I have owned them, off and on, for 5 years, and aside from trying to find replacement 6" connector cables, I've had no problems at all.  If lost or stolen, I'd definately replace them with the same.....                
The is great. There is no in-line noise or interference that I've noticed.                
The Pedal board included all the accessories I needed to get started. It fits all manor of Boss pedals and even my Line6 Modules as well.                
The unit is very easy to get started on. Simple to hook up. It could stand to be a little larger. I can't fit all the pedals I would like to in it.                
This Pedal board is NOT very road worthy. I am professional musician who gigs two to three times a week. The first problem I had was the locking clasps. EVERYTHING is plastic, so it doesn't hold up to the abuses inflicted upon it from road use.                
If you are not a touring musician, this pedal board will probably work great. As I stated above, the sound quality and ease of use make it a practical unit for use at home or in a studio.                
To be honest, I don't know what the support is like. After the plastic locking clasp broke, I immediately started looking for a bigger & stronger unit.                
This pedal board does look very nice, especially with Boss pedals and Boss tuner in the top right corner. The cover panels along the top store all the wiring neatly.                
I am already searching for another product, only for the reliability issue. Plastic hardware doesn't last long on tour. It does have excellent sound quality, and it looks great, it just doesn't have the durability required for daily abuse.                
OK, the pedal case itself doesn't have any sound!  But I love the convenience of it.  I have 6 pedals and a tuner all set up in there and it is just so convenient to plug in and play.  PS, I have all Boss pedals except for a Korg tuner (which was on sale, too good to pass up) and they work really well.  I've used Boss pedals for almost 30 years and except for the ones that burned up in a fire, they still work really well.                
The power supply and input / output jacks are really convenient.  I can't think of anything else this might need.                
Very intuitive!                
As with all Boss products, it's fabulous.                
Compared to a flight case, this is pretty darn reasonable.                
Well, I really don't know, as I've never had to use customer support.                
I hope to keep this for years and years!                
Picked this up as a "blem" item for a great discount and I'll be darned if I can find a nick or scratch anywhere. Love the pedalboard with built in power that is hidden nicely to make for a clean set-up. I especially  like the unique foam molding that allows me to fit any size pedal, and I mean any from minature to huge, in it without using that horrible velcro tape that comes undone and ruins the value of the pedal for use alone on a floor or for resale. Love this pedalboard.                
It's a pedal board - It only sounds as good as the stuff you put in it .                
good - it's got everything required to make a decent board
                
plug in and play
                
good -- i like it
                
yeah.                
everything works fine.                
it makes my set up time way faster .
                
until i need more stuff and get a pedal board that will hold different voltages . it serves it's purpose right now !!                
Now that I have the case all set up, I love have everything in one place with portability. The only thing I would change on it it to make the top cover removable while playing. The case's lid is in the way.                
This is a poorly designed pedal board for the sole reason that the plastic case prevents you from stomping on your pedals effectively. It is too much of a ridge blocking access to the pedals. You almost have to hit the pedals from above with your toes. If you're looking for a pedalboard to effectively use while you're wearing sneakers, this is not the one.                 
This is a good product but the assembly of the cables requiires some patience and finesse. After making 12 cables, which took about an hour and a half, 7 worked and 5 did not. The only moving part is the set screw on each connector so after 2 hours more of loosening and tightening 5 of the 7 started to work. With 2 left i came to the realization that the problem was that the set screw some of the time was clamping down plenty tight but not piercing the outer coating on the cable so in order to make them work i would puncture the outside of the cable lightly so that the set screw would penetrate. All 12 are now working and I’m content. If you buy these be patient when you start to put them together. Try each cable before you set your board up.                
These went together much better than other kits I've tried. A couple of them took two attempts, but not bad. It seems like you have to be really careful to cut them straight. Any angle can screw up the connection.                
 I have tried other Boss overdrive/distortion pedals without coming away with the ooh ah factor tied to them...that is until now. All of you Fender Twin reverb amp owners take notice. This pedal will give your Twin the guts you never thought it had or could have without sounding pretentious.

  I have loved my Fender Twin from the day I bought it. But something was always lacking when it came to going crunch time. Granted I know Twins were not built at the time for harsher edgier types of music, But with the power and tone behind this amp I figured something has to sound good and natural without feeling too mismatched.

   For the longest time my Ibanez tube screamers seemed like the only pedals that gave my Twin any personality until now. The Blues Driver goes the extra mile where my Tube screamer only teased. Dont be fooled by the name of the pedal, it really does rock with my Twin volume at 3 and the pedal level at 9:00, tone at 11:00, and gain all the way up!                  
Boss has always had rugged pedals. The name of this one doesnt do it justice.                
The full gain sound is what sold me. I didnt think the lighter gain sounds were easy to dial in as the Tube screamer.                
I have never had a bad experience with a Boss product.                
  I think if the price was at about 59 bucks, I think they would be flying off the shelves. 79 bucks is abit too pricey for an overdrive pedal.                
n/a                
 The sound is what sells this pedal. My Twin thanks Boss. But change the name of the pedal and lower the price a couple bucks.                
   This pedal will now be the major stomp box for my recordings as well as on stage.                
This really boosts the tone for tube amps and has superb distortion.                 
The product didn't include any accessories, but it didn't need it. It has everything you need and nothing you don't.                
Built like a piece of armor.                 
A great price for a very useful and I'm sure it'll last me very long.                
Wouldn't know, but i'm assuming its good.                
Makes you sound great.                
Overall, a great weapon in the arsenal.                
this pedal makes my small 15w amp gain sustain and makes it range greatly in sound                
simple knobs, but thats all you need to get a good tone out of the pedal                
very well built, metal casing makes this effect last a long time.                
very worth while investment in my arsenal. I would be willing to pay about $80 for this product.                
wouldn't know, never had to deal with them, but i'm sure its good.                
reproduces a very smooth and hypnotizing sound for blues playing.                
Very easily controlled and very durable pedal.                
Terrific pedal, sounds great with my Laney or Marshall amp, along with my Gibson Les Paul Axcess Standard. You'll get heavy distortion out of the device but, depending on how you adjust this pedal, it's great for a crunch and, a bit of a bite too. You can use it from medal to blues.                 
well, the bd-2 is a must for blues players like me. it makes your licks stand out clear. however, the blues driver doesn't sound that rich when doing chords.                
one thing, you can go from overdriven to crunch to clean with your guitar volume.                 
i got mine six years ago. not a single problem                
this is my most important stomp box                
The sound is good with this pedal.  Takes a bit of adjusting to get a sound you might like.  I fould that the level pot to be touchy.  It seems to be either all on or basicly all off.                  
It has the usual features found BOSS pedals.                
Made like a tank.  Hard to beleive that one could ever damage it.                
Good value for the price                
Never had to deal with support.  I've heard that the BOSS support sucks                
With the touchy level pot I have I have stopped using it in my setup and have switched to Digi-Tech 'Bad Monkey.'  I will keep this as a backup.  I hope to do the Keeley upgrades.  

I probably would not replace it as I think that the tone of the Digi-Tech is cleaner.                
The true potential of this pedal can only be achieved by fine tuning the settings. It can add a very pleasant warmth to a tube amp sound but tends to get harsh if the setting are set too high. Time spent experimenting with the settings is worthwhile.                
It sounds great.  My first pedal, and it's still in the line up.                
The basic 3 knobs. But it provides tons of versatality.                
Sturdy as hell. It's a Boss.                
Good price as well.                
This is a bad ass pedal for all types of guitar styles. Crank the gain and get a nice distortion.  Turn it down for a resemblence of SRV's sound. Then just tweak the tone knob. Oh!, and battery life is sufficient too. You almost dont need an adapter.  If you are interested in this thing, just buy it.                
A high quality crunchy sound. Gives you that great "AC/DC style" blues rocky sound.                 
Didn't come with necesarry cords to use it.                
It's a Boss, what else do I have to say?                
Worth it!                
Looks great! That nice blue and black combo looks good.                 
I will be satisfied with the pedal untill it breaks. Which will most likely be a very long time from now.                
Ive bought a ton of "boutique" pedals at all price points. And this pedal by far sounds better and is more versatile than any Ive had . From a slight overdrive to a high gain distortion without getting fuzzy                  
Has way more capability than I have time to fiddle with. I use it mostly on very low depth and rate settings to give a chorus type fill in sound.                
Lots of control available. Standard BOSS casing so it matches up great with the MT-2 in my pedal string.                
Takes some fiddling to get things set just right. What do you expect from a stompbox with this much crammed in though?                
It's BOSS. What more do you need?                
I rated it at a "5" simply because I bought it when I lived in Australia and I feel I paid too much for it.                
N/A                
Very sexy purple color with a two tone LED in it that flashes?? That's frikkin HOT!                
It sounds good together with my other Boss effects units. The sound is more effective for me, especially if it is goes through the Drive Channel in my Marshall amp. it work also good in clean channel but its more effective in drive channel as what I've observe, Its kind of more detailed modulated sound. I have also a Boss Phaser and Tremolo pedal which works also great in same way. I love Boss modulation effects it creates more creativity and music style in my guitar playing.  
Variety of cool modes including new features which make your music style sick!                 
In Boss Quality.. There's only two words: WE TRUST! It will trully last like most other Boss pedals.                 
Compare to other brands Boss usually are way up on their prices. We should remember that most of the times Price and Quality goes together. As long it will last thats the most important thing. For me this pedal is really worth it, if it is priced a hundred even.                  
Never tried so far..                
For the music style I play I difinitely need this effect.                
Its only Boss and Digitech are my main brand in effects units, never tried other brands so far. The Boss BF-3 is one of its kind more usefull modes, make great flanging sound I'm highly satisfied with it.                   
Great sound if ur looking for crazy flanger. Lots of control over the sound. It sounds a bit better than the digitech hyper flanger in my opinon. Like most boss stompboxes the sound is a bit sterile but awesome.                
Its got good features.                
Its boss so its built like a rock. I've had a Mt-2 Metal Zone for 4 yrs and its been like a brick.                 
The price is a bit much but its worth it. I got mine for $180 (CAN). It was a bit more than the digitech 1 but in the long run it was better.                
I had to get my Metal Zone repaired once and its was fastish (took a week or so) and well done. Never actually had to deal with boss.                 
I bough it.                
I can safely say that this pedal will bring me years of joy. Its Great!                
I like it gives you lots of recording options and features. very solidly built too if you.are a guitarist like me you will love it it has a lot of guitar friendly features. Very portable unit can go anywhere I say it's a good buy and boss equipment is quality so if you want a "guitarist" friendly device this is the one. Has a lot of features so there is a learning curve but with how to video instruction and detailed instruction book it's not to bad to figure out. Well worth the price and well you know zZounds is best I order music equipment from no one else.....unit came well packed and few days. Go ahead get one if you want as close to a real studio quality as possible recorder.                
My set up is my travel guitar a mini elec guitar with short neck , br 80, and auxiliary input for the car speaker, When my wife goes shopping with my little grand kids, I can't go with them because of my bad knee, I stay inside the car set up my guitar to my Boss Micro Br 80, connect the line out to the built in auxiliary line input of my car and I thank Toyota Camry Le for having an auxiliary input besides the USB port and Bluetooth there she goes the sounds out to the car speakers, and I have a monitor speaker beautiful sounds immersing inside the car wow outstanding, thank you Boss                
this is a incredible unit jam packed with features im a singer in a rock band and this is such a handy thing to have. i use it to record practices, recording, any live show, writing & recording new songs. the built in mics are very good condenser mics very powerful just set it in the room close to the live sound and you get a quality recording. and its so easy to use you will be doing cool stuff with it in minutes. I'm very pleased                
It might be a nice recorder, but I could not figure out how to use the thing. I read the book and watched some U-Tube instruction videos, but it just did not work for me. I sent it back. zZounds was great about the return. I will buy from them again.                
I ordered the SG on Monday, around noon by phone , FedEx delivered it to my home THE NEXT DAY!!  after setup the guitar is absolutely beautiful.  Monthly payments made it possible for me to own this great guitar! I purchased a boss portable recorder prior the the SG, and I'm equally happy with that. I LOVE Zzounds!!                
My last experience with a multi-track recorder was a four track tape recorder from many years ago. The sound was awful and it had a lot of limitations. The BR-800 sounds simply amazing.                 
The BR-800 comes with a power adapter, a USB cable and a DVD with software including Sonar, a WAV converter and a rhythm editor. I play the guitar and with the BR-800 I feel like I can express my potential. It's almost like having a band in a box. I really like the wheel to select the various options although it takes a bit to get used to it and I definitely like the touch sensors (no clicking noises).                
I was impressed with how easy it was to start recording. The first few days I just toyed with it and managed to record a song using all the tracks with barely a glance to the manual. Then I started studying the manual as well and found it well written although lacking on certain issues (like mixing and mastering).                 
The BR-800 seems definitely well put together but I am not sure how well it would handle the "on the road" treatment. For one thing, it's extremely light (which is obviously a plus as far as portability is concerned) but be careful not to trip in any of the cables or the whole recorder is going to fly off the desk. In my case, I don't really plan to use this much out of the house so no big deal. The other thing is that the top part of the case has a really nice finish to it but shows all the fingerprints and really attracts quite a bit of dust (and with touch sensors there will be plenty of fingerprints).                 
I did quite a bit of research before purchasing the BR-800. I considered older used Boss products and new similar ones (Zoom, etc.). For my kind of situation this seemed like the best value. Now, after 40 some days, I can say that I am totally satisfied with sound and quality.                 
I just called support for a question about a problem with the SD card. The response of the very laid back person (way too laid back in my opinion) was pretty much "dude, the SD card is your problem because it's media so go buy another one". Not really what you would expect from a company after you spend several hundred dollars on their product. Hopefully, they are better when it comes to actual technical support.                 
As I said before, it's a band in a box. I wish stuff like this was around 20 years ago.                 
I will keep this around for as long as it lasts. I am really having a blast!                
This recorder is great.It is easy to use and records quite well.I use it to record live practices and it sounds great.                
Easy record function is great. With the push of a button you can start recording. Just follow the instrustions and you are on your way!                
If you read the manual, setting it up for use through your computer is a snap. It comes with Cakewalk Sonar and getting the two to funtion together is also a snap.
                
It seems to be made rather well. All sliders and buttons work great. It is however very light weight. Seems as though it would break rather easily. But since it hasn't, I am quite surprised.                
Well woth the money. It has tons of guitar bass and vocal affects as well as being a top notch recorder.                
 I have not dealt with support because I hsve hsd no reason too.....yet!                
Its just a cool gadget!                
I expect to use it a long time. Thats why I bought it. And yes if it were stolen I would replace it. Couldn't imagine having to write songs without it.                
I purchased a BR 800 a few days ago. ZZOUNDS did a great job on processing and shipping. The BR 800 is amazing. It is user friendly and has an immense amount of features. I now have a home studio that is so easy to use on the go as well. I believe I will enjoy it for years to come.                
THIS BOSS BR800 IS "BOSS" ! Works very well. I am a retired history teacher just getting into music. I use the BR-800 making reciordings of my performances on an electronic keyboard. EASY to Use, outstanding results. I Am very happuy with it. GREAT PRICE and zZounds shipped it to me VERY QUICKLY!                
I bought this item for my husband and he is amazed how a little product could have the sound that it does. The Boss BR-800 has exceeded his expectations. He teaches children guitar lessons and they play in churches and the Boss BR-800 has all the capabilities to record their music and then they can take the Boss BR-800 with them when they perform and it allows them to have music plus what each one of the children play. The Boss BR-800 is great and I am so proud that I was able to purchase the product thru ZZ Sounds payment plan. Thank You!                
The Boss BR-800 came with a 2GB card which holds alot of music and makes it so easy to record what you need. It also comes with a USB cord which is made to only fit the Boss BR-800 which is great. With the USB cord it allows you to download all of the recorded music and put it on your computer.                 
The Boss BR-800 is amazing with the way that it sounds when you playback what you have recorded. The sounds is so clear and sounds just like you were in a big recording studio. The manual was easy to read and it walked you thru each step to take in recording the music. The Boss BR-800 is just easy to use as long as you read your manual before trying to operate the product.                
Boss has always made a great product and when I purchased this for my husband I knew that I was getting a great product. The Boss BR-800 has meet our expectations (really went beyond our expectations) and my husband has been able to record the music that he needs when he and the children he teaches goes out to perform in churches. This is a great product and Thank You ZZ Sounds for allowing me to use the payment plan.                
The Boss BR-800 is worth every penny. My husband did alot of research on the products that he needed and The Boss was the one that did everything that he needed for his music.                
This Boss BR-800 is compact, but yet it has the power and prestige of any higher priced product on the market. If any is looking for a product that will give you great performance, amazing sound, and will do just about everything that you need to make a professional sounding CD or any type of music that you want to use anywhere. It's great!!!                
The Boss BR-800 is all that my husband needs. If he needed another product it would be a Boss. The Boss BR-800 is compact in size, but it is very powerful. It will meet anyone expectations, so check it out and enjoy!                
This unit sounds great right out of the box . many choices of effects amps etc...  cosm sounds great. as do the drums but wish i could do more with them. i mostly play metal and the hi gain amp sounds official.combine that with a drum arrangement that you add the intro  fills and ending to(but is pretty limited) add a bass line using your guitar if you dont have a bass guitar around and you can be a one man army. playing, recording, editing , mixing and mastering then use your computer to convert to wav. file and burn cd                
as im sure youve read the item description this unit has lots of features.i must say i love the touch buttons . bigger brighter screen is a plus . easy enough menu interface  drum selection and editing kinda limited which is why i gave it a 9 but is good enough and sound great plus comes with cool software thats also a plus                
although it is easy enough to use normally ,e z rec , or song sketch , you may need to keep manual close by for other stuff. but thats not a bad thing .it does alot! i was a newbie to the recording process and now im making awesome music that sounds like it was recorded in a studio with expensive equipment                
i think boss makes quality stuff and this is br 800 is no different                
i believe you get what you pay for and this purchase was well worth it in my opinion                
i have had no issues yet ,but i know roland/boss.us have great  customer support                 
pretty slick looking                
overall an awesome unit i would recommend to anyone looking for a multi-track unit                
Love my boss br800 multitrack digital recorder!!! Very user friendly!!!                 
It Depends on your instruments and chords but the sound qualities good.  I know it would sound so much clearer if Boss would just let the recorder record in WAV format instead of the HIFI MT thing. You can only use WAV format in sketch mode which I don't like.  

If BOSS made an updated firmware that would let you choose between HIFI or WAVE format for the main recording section that would be be awesome!                
Everything in effects you need:  guitar effects (GT-10). Bass simulator, Vocal effects (ve-20), acoustic simulator

Recording 4 at one time is better than just 2, but 8 is great                
Very easy to use with EZ recording mode. Gread manual too                
Beautiful but sometimes i feel like I have to be as gentle as if im holding a baby its so light                
To me it should be like 349.99(because only 4 channels recording)or 399.99 like the zoom.                
Boss is great with Support on their website                
I really like the touch sensitive buttons and large screen                
I thinks its great for recording demos, and for if you don't have any effect processors or other people to record with. As for recording live music of a full band and singers its not that good. Boss needs to change the Boss(Hifi) format to uncompressed Wav recording like the Zoom to get the best  clear sound. 

Maybe if Boss would make a downloadable "update" that allows you to use the "sketch book" wave format for regular recording with ALL 4 CHANNELS instead of 2 it would be better. But this is a Good recorder                
Great sound, from really watery effects to crazy fast modulation.    Perfect for what I do.  I use it with keyboards and theremin, too.  Makes for some great noises when coupled with heavy delay and some distortion.  My only complaint is that it makes a low hum with the low filter turned even half way up.                
It would be nice if it came with an adapter because it does drain batteries FAST.  Otherwise features are good.                
The high filter knob has bent a little bit, but it doesn't really effect performance.  I've had it for 10 years now and it hasn't fallen apart.  Boss makes tough pedals.                
Don't remember what I paid, but I've never regretted buying it.  I can't live without a chorus pedal.                
Don't know, never talked to them.  Maybe I should about that hum.                
I like the look of Boss pedals, but that's not the most important factor here now is it?                
Like I said, my only complaint is that hum with the low filter dial turned up.  Maybe there's a way to remedy that?
If I had to replace it, I would probably look at other models.  Before I bought it I also tried the Boss Super Chorus, but the Chorus Ensemble definitely had the better sound.                
I have been using Boss pedals since long time but i did not tried their chorus as i already had a Ibanez one. So when i plugged it in my amp it just sounded superb. It even produce brillant sound in mono setting. It has got everything which a guitarist wants. Sound is clean, rich and amazingly beautiful. It is something i have been missing since so many years. I am completely satisfied with it. It gives good sound if it is being used with distortion.                  
The best feature it has got is the low and high filters which gives you complete control over your desired sound. The pedal is very rugged and the variable knobs are very smooth and quiet. The unit is simply one of the best constructed.                
It is very easy to shape any sound from this unit. It also very simple to mix it with other effects and does not cause any trouble. The manual is very clear and it also stated all the famous settings for various sound productions.                
The unit is very strong and very well made. But its paint finishing seems a little dull. I used it on the road and it is completely reliable. Overall its quality is great.                 
I think the price is a little higher. People now a days perfer to buy the complete effect boards so consequently these individual pedals prices should be reduced to let the hobbiest to get them more easily.                
Never had a problem with their units so far.                
It is a perfect addition to my effect pedal libary. After buying it i can't think to play my guitar without it.                
No i would not change it. I will buy same another one if it being stolen. It surely complements all my musical targets. The best thing is its sound quality and least is its paint finishing quality it is rather dull.                
excellent sound, really brightens up your clean tone, i dont ever use it when playing with distortion but im sure it can keep up with it. I can really hear the difference between playing with a chorus pedal and going completely dry signal clean. I couldnt imagine playing anything clean without chorus just because this pedal adds so much more beautiful tonalites to your tone.                 
5 control knobs, perfect for honing in the sound your looking for, anything from wickedly liquid chorus to something very small and faint sounding                 
Its a boss, so obviously just plug and play. They give you a few examples in the instruction guide which are great but more so better for you seeing how exactly the pedal works and what does what, then from that being able to find your own sound                
ive owned a boss pedal for almost 6 years now and it hasnt broken so i entrust this one to stay put for just as long                 
its nice and cheap, though i traded in my old wah for this so i didnt pay a cent, but its still only like 119 bucks canadian                
Havent had to deal with them, boss products are top of the line they'll never break                
its baby blue, looks like any other boss pedal so it fits in nicely on the ol pedalboard with the rest of em. Made of metal so its gonna be able to take a stompin.                 
As far as im concerned i wont ever need another chorus pedal, if it breaks i'll buy another one just like it. It suits all my needs ive never been limited by what it can or possibly cannot do, absolutely perfect for chorus. Go out an buy it if your lookin for chorus, its lush.                 
This Pedal is a good replacement for the infamous CE2 Chorus.

It responds well and has a very wide range of controlls to get about any chorus sound you would ever need.                
Typical Boss pedal easy to access the battery compartment.                
Very durable. Used Boss when was on the road touring. Very road worthy.                
Yes great price                
Never had to contact them.                
excellent                
Ill use Boss products indefinantly                
very flexible tone and sound. i love it                
great sound and controls, wish it came with an ac adapter cause it just uses up batteries so fast. adapters cost 20 bucks                
sturdy metal, this thing wont break unless you are trying to break it and if it does, there is a 5 yar warranty                
worth every penny you paid. does what it should                
i havent had any problems, but im sure they would give me my five year warranty                
this field really doesnt apply mich to pedals but umm i guess it looks cool                
i dont plan on replacing it. it is a prfessional level pedal that sounds great and is made well.                
it's sound is perfect for anyone looking for a chorus pedal. the 5 knobs give you the control for the sound you want.i voe the sound on it.                
like i said i love the sound on it it'll just be like it's suposed to and it just awsome. the babey blue color is pretty cool too.                
this is a Boss so DUH it's gonna be really easy to you just plug it in and play your heart out.                
like i said its a Boss it's never broken yet and iv'e been useing it for 6 years!                
it's a great deal for someone looking for there first chorus. i know it is.                
Never had to fix a thing.                
its babey blue is a cool touch and it feels great when you play it,even if your on the go.                
I LOVE THIS PEDAL! its sutch an awsome pedal great deal and great for someone looking for there first chorus pedal.                
sounds like its supposed to and you can get just about every chorus sound you want                
the 5 knobs give you the settings you want your chorus to sound like.plus it was a little smaller than expexted but still awsome                
Really easy to use.                
i never expect this product to break and i got it 2 days ago.                
perfect price for a perfect pedal                
never had to call for support                
i think this is a realy good pedal for beggeners and pros!                
i love this pedal its just awsome                
Sound just what I wanted. Smooth, warm and clean. I really love it especially in clean tunes sounds like it float in the sky while you do the plucking or strumming.                
It has five knobs all the of them are usefull really makes a difference. If you turn the "RATE" knob all way up it also creates some sort of vibrato effect.                  
BOSS pedals are gonna last long thats why I like them.                
Dont hesitate to buy this one really worth it.                
Overall Im empressed with this pedal and Im damn glad proud I choose Boss CE-5. Sound + quality + value = BOSS CE-5                
I think this is a great chorus pedal, given I am not a huge huge chorus person, but works great for what i want it for. I am also not using this stereo.                
I havent had any problems dialing in the exact sound i want out of this pedal. 4 knobs are perfect for getting the right chorus sound                
Really easy. Just plug in and play, dialing in what you want is easy also.                
Boss builds there stuff like tanks. Solid metal construction, you could toss this thing off your roof and i would bet it will still work like it's out of the box.                
If your a huge chorus pedal person, im sure there is a nicer sounding one out there, and ive heard the older boss pedals give off more of a vintage sound, but for me this pedal is just fine.                
Never had problems with this pedal, but ive dealt with boss/roland for other things and they have a good support team. They where fast and helped me out accuratly.                
I like the look of boss pedals. Very uniform and look great.                
Im very satisfied with this pedal. I like to use it to just give my guitar a little bit of character while playing on cleam.                
I absolutely LOVE the sound I get from my CH-1! I have an older Black label model that I got at least 15-16 years ago and I have never had ANY problems with mine! I don't really use it for chorus though, I set it's volume level all the way up, EQ at about "3" O'clock, Rate at "9" O'clock and Depth all the way up and I get a really sweet, warm fat sound that I didn't have without this pedal! I use mine with a BOSS FV-50H two-channel volume pedal and simply send the CH-1's output-A to input-1 on the volume pedal and the CH-1's output-B to the volume pedals input-2, than each output on the volume pedal goes to each Marshall head.                
Owned it. Sold it. SOund is 'crisp' but that = harsh to my ears ..                
Features matter not if sound is poor - go for an old CE-2 or even a CE-3 if you want stereo outputs ..                
Boss is always reliable - I have many boss pedals.  Thisi s perhaps the only one I never liked ..                
Not good value if sound no good                
Don't know - never needed them                
no thanks                
didn't like it at all - CE-2, CE-3, small clone are all much better ...                
the sound using this pedal with bass is absolutely amazing if u want a little edge on ur playing, it will blow you out of the water the first time you use it.                
I used my friends when I played with it,but im gettin my credit card out right now to buy one for myself.                
It has no sound of its own, it just brings out your guitar's tone in a simple, effective manner.                
The Sustainer aspect of this pedal performs amazingly well for the price range. At higher settings, though, you may need a noise gate at the end of your effects chain.                
It's a Boss Pedal. Great quality ... easy as pie.                
Absolutely made well. I've had mine for many years and it still holds out like a tank.                
It's very much worth its price. You could spend tons more on a boutique item, but you'll hear very little difference.                
Never had to use Manufacturer Support.                
At the front of my effects chain, this thing tames the peaks while delivering smooth, amazing tone.                
Let's face facts - your sound is incomplete without compression somewhere in the mix. You could spend anywhere from a few hundred dollars to a several thousand dollars on rack gear and great effects, but if there's no compression in there it's like a new tire with a pin-hole leak in it. Your sound isn't airtight.This Boss pedal gives you that element in a simple, affordable package and brings it all together like the salt in your stew. And it does so amazingly well. I have two other rack compressors, but this pedal gives me a much greater mobility and versatility without compromising my sound.It really shines when you run it into your amp clean, with no other effects engaged. Just your naked guitar, neither too loud nor too soft.Beautiful!                
I'm a novice guitar player. After watching YouTube reviews on the Boss CS-3, I decided to give one a try. It certainly wasn't love at first sight. The sound coming from my tube amp after I plugged the CS-3 in for the first time was a BIG change that took a while to get used to. The highs and lows coming from my amp were noticeably compressed, but my wildly erratic picking dynamics suddenly became more controlled as well. YouTube reviews suggest that this compressor is rather heavy-handed, but that's exactly what I needed at this juncture.Give one a try. I think you'll see why a compressor appears on the pedal boards of many, if not most, current professional guitarists. My 4.5-star rating is based solely on the fact that I've never used another compressor, so I have nothing to compare it to. Overall, I'm very satisfied with my CS-3.                
This is exactly what I was looking for.It performs well and adds the sonic flavor that I was looking for.Much better htan my Dunlop                
Sustainnnnnnnnnnnnnn                
twist a knob and get immediate response                
built like a tank                
The price is spot on                
I.ve never had o deal with Boss/Roland directly.They have a lot of info on their site                
It's the first pedal in my line up and the first one I step on                
It does what it does very well.No need to replace it                
it gives a great feel when your playing. I play rock/metal and I heard Synyster used it, so i tried it at guitar center, and it's just what I've been looking for                
i just tried it out.                
it's perfect, and anyone who wants a shreddin' hard rock sound should get one.                
get a Marshall amp to go with it.                
it's under priced, it's too awesome to bee $90.00                
I have other BOSS products, but this is my favorite.                
It would be better in black, dark blue, or red.                
I'm gonna use it, marry it, do it, and honestly die with it. [HAHA]                
This has to be the worst compression/sustain pedal on the market. Was not impressed with this piece of Taiwan junk. It is more of a volume pedal if anything. I dumped it soon after I bought it and sprung for the Janglebox Compression/Sustain pedal. Which by the way is built in the USA. You only get what you pay for.                 
Sounds awesome when you get the pefect sound you want.                
You can get lots of sounds from smooth dynamics to a killer boost.                
Built Like A Tank                
This peddal is overall great for what I use It for. If I had to By it again, I would.                
Like the other reviews say, this only takes a few minutes to figure out, I didn't need to read the instructions. I plan on using this to try to learn to play in odd meter, as well as get my basic timing working well. For odd meter, you set the "beat" setting for "3-4" to count in 7/8 (or 7/4) time, with accents on the 1 and 4 beats, that sort of thing. Or you can set it to "4-3" if that suits you. The "rhythm" setting does quarter notes, 8th notes (two tied together - I'm still learning music, not sure what those are called), 8th rest and 8th note, triplets (I think that's what you call that), and others. If I knew the correct terminology, I could tell you what they are - hopefully you're better with music theory than I am! It also has two clave rhythms, no idea what those are yet (but I plan on looking it up after I do this review). The battery is a 3 volt CR2032, like the ones used in most motherboards in computers, and it comes with one installed, so it's ready to use right out of the box. There's also a 1/8" headphone jack, so I can plug it into my bass practice amp (haven't tried that yet). This is my first metronome, so I have nothing to compare it to, but I think it's all I'll ever need. I got this based on the reviews, and that was a good move!                
This thing is small, compact and has more features than you would think.                
The tone is pleasant enough, but easily cuts through a piano sound.                
Just right for most music students.  If there were many more features, it would be more complicated.                
Five minutes with the instruction sheet, and you'll be able to dial up any rhythm you'll need.                
Seems to be well put together, and is easy on batteries.                
It's a good value for any music student.                
I'll use this as long as it lasts.                
Pleasant to listen to for long periods of time.                 
You can adjust where the accents go, as well as the subdivision of each beat. It has tap tempo and even a tuner which will play all 12 pitches; you can adjust the reference tone (440 is the default, of course). There's a volume control which comes in handy, as well as a headphone jack.                
Spend 5 minutes with it, and you'll figure it out. Pretty straightforward. More features than a typical metronome, maybe, but not hard to figure out how to do everything you want.                
I like the digital metronome arm and overall aesthetics, as well as the compact size.                
I'd say this metronome is where it's at for most people. It does more than just click at a given BPM, having accents and subdivisions such as eighths, sixteenths, triplets, clave patterns, and more. You could go with one of the more elaborate DB models if you are looking for actual beats instead of just a click (I'm not familiar with these models). But for most people, I would venture that you will be satisfied with the features on the DB-30.                
Exactly what you would expect from a Digital Delay Pedal.                 
The medium and long delay times are marvelous for my purposes. It's easy to find the balance you need between the effect level, the feedback, and the delay time. I have yet to figure out the hold feature, but that is a minor gripe.                
An incredibly wide range of sounds can be made with this pedal. Once you experiment a little with each knob, you can easily find the one you're looking for.                
This is a Boss pedal. Need I say more?                
If money is tight, this may not be the one for you. There are other delay pedals that run cheaper. But this product delivers on every penny you pay for on both sound and build quality.                 
I have no experiences with support (I haven't needed it).                
This pedal looks and feels like every other boss pedal I've used, but it's a formula that works. The physical design isn't breaking any boundaries, but it's what's inside that counts.                
I was looking for a digital delay pedal that could create ambient, sound-wave like effects heard in music like 'This Will Destroy You' and 'Mogwai'. I trust Boss quality, listened to some demos on YouTube, and decided on this. I'm incredibly happy with my purchase. If you listen to post-rock and are looking for a similar sound, you cannot go wrong with the DD-3.                
There are some great settings on the DD-3, and once you find them, you will find yourself hitting them nearly every time you solo or go into a punchy rhythm section.  Still, the DD-3 is digital, although a warm digital, and cannot replace a good analog delay.  There is a place for both in many rigs, but the DD-3 is a great digital delay no doubt.                
Lacks a tap tempo, and I find the hold function useless; but, then again it has all the essential settings.                
Easy to dial in a great delay sound in every time frame.  Don't be afraid to turn up the level knob, as it is a bit low from 0 to 50%.                
It's Boss quality, and Boss pedals have always been dependable for me.                
Here is where all pedals lose in my opinion.  All pedals are over priced for what they are.  But the DD-3 specifically is fair, if a bit overpriced.                
Never had to call for support.                
More of the pros I look up to have this pedal than do not have it.                
The DD-3 has the right qualities where it counts, even if it is a bit low on features and price, it is still staying on my pedalboard, which is tough as I only use 3 pedals.                
sounds good and is noisefree.                
for a pedal has a lot of features.                
well made. no back up for me. roadworthy.                
n/a only visited their website.                
attractive looks                
works great                
I haven't had enough expierence with different delay pedals to compare this with others.

I did have a modeling amp with built in delay and I can say for sure this one sounds 100-times better.

I have this set up in my amps effect loops and it wrks perfectly.                
Has all the delay fetures I could possibly need for rythum and solo work.

Built like a tank.
                
It takes a little while to learn all you can do with this pedal. But that is half the fun.                
I am impressed with how well made Boss pedals are. I have tried a few other here and there and nothing seems to compare.                
For the price I don't think you can get a more well made nice sounding delay pedal.
                
n/a                
Boss pedals always look great too!                
This pedal will last me forever. If it were stolen I would go out and get another one right away.

For me this pedal has all the featuers I will ever need and none that will go unused.                
Not exactly what I was looking for. I was looking for an echo sound at the end of the last note or chord. The pedal does great delay. Maybe, I need to look more into the directions or a different type of pedal.                
I use it on all my solos, i cant play my solos without this, very very clean delay                
Just a simple delay                
fantastic quality, the delay sounds terrific                
The best amount of money i paid for an effect                
the thing that appeals me to this pedal is quality and reliability, else i dun have any other BOSS pedals in my setup                
I would be keeping this for good                
Did some research and chose this guy for use with my Bass guitar. I needed something versatile, reliable, and easy to manage. We play with in-ear monitors and a click track so every song has specific timing for things. I wanted a delay I could dial in the timing to a specific BPM and choose which note is getting the delay beat. And here I introduce the DD-500 - Boom Son! Sounds great with Bass guitar, countless options and capabilities, quick learning curve, ability to save tons of settings and pull them up quickly while on stage. Everything from super tight punchy delay sounds, to that washed out muddy swirling sound you can use for intro and outro bits.
Stunning. Why buy something else when you could have the  Millennium Falcon.
  "It's the ship that made the Kessel Run in less than twelve parsecs" - Han Solo
zZounds is amazing! great customer service, thank you for the ease of payment option if needed, and for timely deliveries!!                  
The sound is decent overall, some modes sound better than others.
My last two delays were a Flashback and before that an EchoPark and this pedal sounds better than either and, offers TONS more functionality. 
I don't care for the sound of the Shimmer mode, this is one of the few areas where I feel that the DD-500 really falls short of its closest competitors. 
I could do without the Terra Echo too. 
Instead of an effects loop for the repeats, it has built in effects that you can add to the repeats within the unit. Aside from the modulations, I don't care for most of the effects and would have much rather had an effects loop.
Don't get me wrong though, I am VERY pleased with this pedal.
I mainly use the Standard and Analog modes and they sound just fine and are worth the price of admission alone.                
This is where this pedal really impresses.
This things has ten times more functionality than I will ever use.
The real genius of this design is that you can either walk right up to it and twist knobs and get a good basic sound quick and easy or you can go into the deep editing and let your imagination run wild.
Seriously, this thing is only limited by how much time you want to spend tinkering with it.
The manual manages to be BOTH huge and worthless, a common theme among Roland's more complicated products and, believe me, this pedal CAN get complicated if that's what you want.
The ONLY feature I would like to see that was omitted would be an effects loop.                   
This pedal can be adjusted pretty easily but, if ease of use is a serious concern of yours, I would probably just look at something else entirely.                
My last two digital delays both went out within 2-3 years and, THAT was my main motivator in choosing a Boss product. Many people I have owned and played lots of Boss and Roland products over the decades and they have consistently been some of the most reliable music products I have ever seen.
I have only owned this pedal a few months so, I can't really speak to it's reliability at this point but, I am optimistic about it.                
This is obviously subjective.
The truth is, I would have probably been just fine with the DD-7 at half the price....
BUT!
zZounds make it so darned easy to treat yourself with their awesome payment plans,...so why not?!!?
In comparison to pedals like the Timeline, Time Factor, Flashback X4, etc... I think the DD-500 offers the most options for the money. The reputation of Boss and Roland products also makes me more confident to spend this kind of money on a pedal.
I think it is money well spent.                
Never needed to contact Roland before. The manuals are terrible though.                
I think that this pedal is terribly ugly. They should have hit is with that snazzy black metal flake paint job that's on the the Boss RV-6.                
A top shelf multi-delay that is a bit more affordable than it's competition.                 
Well, I've had this for right at a week now. I cannot even begin to explain just how versatile this delay is. If you're on a budget, it could even do chorus and reverb in a pinch (not the best chorus or reverb, but decent), but what this thing excells at is out of this world unique delay sounds. It can do all your standard delays, and it can do them very well for a digital reproduction of them. The only one that I'm not completely satisfied with is the tape delay mode. Its decent for sure, but nowhere near as good as a stand alone tape delah repro. The rest of them, well I would challenge anyone to tell the difference between the dd500 and what theyre trying to emulate. A very seasoned pro maybe able to, but your average dude I'm the crowd wouldn't be able to tell the difference for sure. The value here is truly unparalleled. What you're getting is the highest fidelity delay on the market, and a delay that is capable of almost anything you could possibly want and a whole lot that you never even realized you wanted, lol. This unit has a few delays that are even unique to boss that you wouldn't find in another brand. The tera echo, shimmer, and sfx modes are delays that you would spend well over 300 dollars for on their own if you wanted to get the same sound with stomp boxes. The many presets on here are amazing. I could probably just sit there all day switching between them and creating riffs to match each unique mode. You can also create a near endless amount of your own patches as well, with extreme tweakability on nearly every parameter. If you're the type that just wants to plug and play though, Thats not a problem either, with nearly 200 presets that range from classic to insane, you can just jam away without having to bend down and tweak knobs, while using nearly the full range of this unit. I have never been more satisfied with a gear purchase than I am with this. I'm not usually a fan of digital effects or multi effects units at all, because the quality suffers with the versatility. Most of them do a lot of things but none of them well. This thing does a lot of things and all of them well. Very well even. I am sure that I will still be experimenting and finding new sounds for years to come with this. What else can you pay 300 dollars for and get that many hours of joy from?! You get the standard delays we all know and love, and easy accessibility also, to make this a gigging machine. Once you get home to your bedroom or studio, it doubles as the ultimate experimental oddity of a pedal. I would buy this over and over again, though I'm sure it'll last as its built like a tank. So, if you're looking for a versatile delay, or you're unfamiliar with delay and dont know what you like, don't hesitate to buy this pedal. I couldn't see anyone regretting it.                
I do not think anyone could forge an argument that this is not the delay of choice for $300. I find it has the features I need and actually does things others do not. Once you get in there and really tweak on the modes and param adjusts you are going to find it can do what you want and maybe more so. 
Things that are important to me are bandwidth fidelity, processing quality, multiple modes of delays, a phrase looper, an all important actual ms readout, and presets.
Nothing really has more than this unit, an A/B of 99 banks is certainly more than you can use. You can get into this and get it to do just a flange or chorus sound, so many cool delays just waiting to be tweaked in to ones sonic ideal. I am not really a fan of Boss and this is the 1st Boss pedal I have messed with in ages, but this is new level of design and quality that not only competes with higher priced units but in some ways give them more than a run for the money. 
Sure Nemesis is a great delay but no readout, how do you know where the proper ms or interval of a 5th is if you can't see it, put a tuner after the delay, guess? All the benefits of a Strymon flagship and a few things like Terra, and SPX it does not offer. Well worth the price tag. The Delay of choice for my opinion.                 
I had been wanting one of these pedals for a long time and zZounds enabled me to get it with their Play As You Pay Program. The DD7 is everything I thought it would be. It is easy to use and has great sound. I play mainly 60's & 70's Classic Rock and The Shadows and Ventures. The DD7 helped me to get that fantastic Hank Marvin sound on my Strat that I also purchased from zZounds.com. zZounds is great and is the best online music store there is. They have came through every time for me and I will continue to purchase my gear and guitars from zZounds. The reason I gave Manufacturer Support 1 star is because I haven't had to use it.                
This is a really cool delay pedal! I really like how many features there are such as different delay times, an analog feature, and reverse feature. The tap tempo feature is really handy too for on-the-fly delay timing. The only slight downside is that it takes a while to dial in the perfect delay setting, depending on what you're looking for.                
Thing is perfect, when you diddle with the knobs you really feel like you're changing the sound, the delay, the feedback. Everything modifies the way you want it to be modified. This isn't a pedal you just turn on and off, you gotta mess with it.                 
Features? its built like a box, the effects from delay frequencies, looper built in, and reverse effects with an analog chorus? Screw the visual sound h20 pedal. Get this one, its cheaper and more efficient.                 
foot steps on pedal. Pedal works.                 
Its a boss product.                
i bought mine off ebay for 100 bucks perfect condition.                 
haven't needed support, which means well built product.                 
Looks great, love the color, bright LED, make people "want" you                
i use it whenever i can implement it in my band, and also the looper station entertains me for hours when i need to work on riffs and song writing.                 
Before getting this pedal I already had a dd20 in my setup but now that I have these two together, it is just amazing the things you can do with these both combined! Boss makes some real good pedals made to last and this one does not fall short from that category                
The boss DD-7 is a solid choice for a delay pedal. Does mostly everything you could want a delay to do. Reverse function is a really awesome addition to the DD-7. The ability to add a FS-5U footswitch to the unit is a must for the live musician who needs to tap tempo for delay on the fly. I would recommend this pedal for anyone looking to add a delay to their pedal chain. This is a must have.                 
I bought a DD7 and Flashback Mini at the same time. The DD7, I've known about for years. It sounds great...Boss has some great delays...ALMOST as good as TC. I love the fact that you can use the external tap pedal. Looping option is nice...I use the analog delay setting with the 2290 preset on the Flashback...they work very well together. Plus because it's Boss it's built like a tank                
I've been using Boss pedals for 15 years...  Crystal clear; Boss reliability.  Perfect!                
To be very honest, I regretted selling mine, I went on a venture thinking there are tons of other delay pedal  that are better and there are! but as far as reliability issues and consistency,The Boss DD-7 surpasses allot on this price range and function capability's.
I had two of these on my pedalboard set differently and it was great,no tone loss or I couldn't even tell. That's coming from a very overly picky person concerning tone!  If you got one of these,don't sell it unless its a matter of life or death situation. Now I gotta save up all over and deal with my intermittent, made in china, visual sound dual tap delay.
I have bunch of other boss pedals and not one of them ever crap out on me for as long as I've own Boss pedals over the last 25 yrs of playing live and studio! go figure I'll stick to the Boss from now on....                
I love this pedal. The sound quality is great and the modes really get your imagination going. 

For me it's a must have.                
I usually mess around with de Feedback and Delay Time knobs and I get some very intersting sounds from it!

One thing that is cool also is when I turn off the delay the sound doesn't break and I can continue to play without the delay.

The tap tempo is really easy to use.

But there is something that could be better. When on Hold for recording I can't use the Delay. That's a real shame...                
Very easy to use. 4 knobs.

Level

Feedback

Delay Time

Mode

Simple!                
It's a Boss!

I have dropped the pedal a few times and it's still workin'

A little bit of the paint went of and the Level knob is a little beated up.

It's rock solid!                
It's worth it!                
Never needed (and I guees I never will)                
Everything was great about the Boss DM-2W from build quality to sound, etc...very nice pedal with very cool options of expression pedal control and Wet/Dry Outputs.  I prefer Digital Delays to Analog.  Analog delays have warmer repeats and Iprefer more crisp, brighter repeats.  There is a "grainy" quality to the repeats of the DM--2W that some users may not like, it is there and is apparent.  I've read other users report the same findings.  If you like Analog Delays, give this a try, it is quality, just not for me.                
I use this with a zoom g2 and a bugera 1960 head.  i can get plenty of distortion with this unit.  I crank the distortion to near full back off the tone a little past half way and put level at half way.  I gig a lot and every musician I've talked to has told me they love the sound I get from that set up.  Sustain is unbelievable.                 
basic pedal easy to operate solid metal chassis                
set the three knobs where you want it and let it rip.  This unit will make a bad amp sound great.                
I've be around the block with pedals.  Multi-effects units leave the distortion empty and very digital sounding.  If you are looking for a great distortion don't let this pass you by.                
Here's the best part. I'm a part time musician.  When I do play I don't make thousands more like hundreds.  that being said 40 for a boss pedal that kick this much A$$ is outrageous.  They should lock someone up for that.                
I've never dealt with them before.                
most of the musicians can't believe the sound i'm getting from this thing.  I have people asking me about the pedal and the amp.                
This is great, i'd buy another one without a thought.  Looking at the overdrive pedal as the next pedal.  well done.                
I purchased 2 of these, one to mod,the other to leave stock. The whole process has been a gamechanger for me as a guitarist using pedals. While the stock pedal has a reputation for a "fizzy" distortion, it actually depends on the amp/guitar you are using. Some set-ups this pedal sounds iffy, others it's a WOW situation. The PERFECT pedal at the price it goes for, especially for modding. ORDER ONE FROM ZZOUNDS,they plain rock in the customer service dept., plus you can reach them on weekends!                
i love this distortion pedel is has great sounds for all my songs it realy makes my song sound better than it was.                
i think this product is made great.                
i think the price is great but i think u can make it more price                
the people i bought it from they were helpfull and friendly                
i think ill keep this distortion pedel for 1 year than get a better one when im better.                
there is nothing i would change on this beast of a pedal~!!!                
I use 2 chords and my Cort G-210 Guitar and a rocketech amp thats it no accesaries! , I went on a website and checked to see how to get certain sounds and its a great pedal Its sturdy and takes a beating the orange looks awesome and it has had no problems and i've played at talent show and it has never failed , when you come into a distortion part in a song it flows in  , Kurt Cobain had the exact same one and he played live with it , AmAzIng pedAl for aN AmAziNG PriCe! ! !                 
Never had a problem a little bit of chippin of the paint but who cares its amazing its small not a huge bulky piece of crap that breaks down and u never have to tighten it or get it fixed ! ! ! I've had mine for 3 years , I've never had a problem with it .                
Its an amazing deal i have other pedals worth 200-500 dollars and this  1 is the best workin and my favorite~~~!!! worth the every cent!                
Never had a problem i got mine FREE!!! of a family friend who plays in a band . !!!                
it looks awesome i play rock grunge and it is absoultly amazing , i could still make good music but it just sounds so much better chicks dig it ! ! ! and the person who made it is THe BEST !!! wouldnt change anything!                
It has exceded my expectations and i will buy boss over any other guitar equipment , customer 4 life! , i play my own stuff and mainly nirvana metallica ozzy ac/dc , and it sounds amazing i get ppls askin all the time were i got it and i always have offers after shows for it Is 1 of a kind !!!                
Great classic distortion while letting the natural tone of your guitar shine through. Good harmonic overtones on solo passages. I have 1 stock and 1 Keeley Self-Modded which I really love. Great tone for a great price. Many modding options available for this pedal.                 
Basic controls. True bypass would be nice. There is a mod for that also.                
Very easy to get a good sound.                
Good quality. Sturdy metal case can withstand lots of abuse. 5 year factory warranty if you don't take it a part.                
Affordable...                
N/A                
Practical go to pedal for distortion.                
I got it for the explicit purpose of modifying it.                 
When you have the distortion up to full you better have a noise suppressor, because at max level and distortion it sounds like crap. It is a distortion pedal so don't expect anything special out of it, It provides a nice distortion though.                 
3 Knobs... Tone, Level, and Distortion... Tone changes the tone of it lol... Like at 0 it sounds kinda bluesey and at 12 o clock it sounds good to me. Level would control the actual volume that the guitar has when the pedal is activated (sometimes i find that when i kick the distortion pedal in it gets really loud so this knob helps) And finally distortion wich controls the level of distortion. When this is at 0 it is still a bit distorted... So don't expect to just be able to use it for tone.                
Just turn the knobs until you find a nice sound it's pretty simple...                
Very nice, I don't think i've had any problems with it, easy to get batteries into if you use batteries (i use power supply with a splitter personally)                 
Worth the money.                
Very nice looking, personally I think boss pedals look the best next to Ibanez. It's a VERY nice looking orange. And I bought it with a pedal case that fits 3 boss pedals so I have it between a baby blue Chorus Ensemble and a White tuner pedal. It doesn't look half bad surprisingly...                 
A while, I might mod it in the future, but I think this is going to be with me for a LONG time... Unless I get a good multi-effects pedal, in which case I think I'll keep this for live shows etc as it's small and the box is easy as anything to carry around.                
it does what it is supposed to. its a great little distortion box. [10]                
great loud distortion. [10]                
just three simple knobs really easy of use [10]                
its a boss so ... you get the idea its built like a tank. [10]                
such a great pedal but i never thaught it would bo so cheap! [10]                
never had to deal with them [10]                
the bright orange isnt hard to miss plus i think its the best distortion box [10]                
i dont think this item will break but if it does ill surely by another [10]                
great for all types of sounds. fuzz metal, smooth overdrive. Its all here.                
it should come with adapter                
very easy to use 3 knobs tone, level, distortion, i dint take me long to find my favorting setting, easy to use                
its a tank . It will last 50 years. I dropp it all the time. It will never break                
best vaule out there i like it better than a 70 dollar pedal i have.                
no                
orange is cool                
I bought this for my son. He said this is exactly what he wanted. The tone is great and the pedal is very versatile. I noticed that it is well made and should last him for quite some time. Well worth it's price.                
the sound is great u can make it sound like korn and metallica and even slipknot if u want.                
the features r good so u can play alot of differnt styles of music on it                
the pedal is the best and u can beat it around alot and it will still work.cause i know i have been mad alot and i through it and a big stack of bricks and i threw it down to the cement drivway and i just had to plug it back in and it still worked fine                
yes it is                
never had a problem                
nothing to say bout' it                
u could do alot of stuff and it will work also alot of differnt singers u can play on it                
I play my bass through it and it doesn't cut off the lows at all.                
It just does what its name implies. No more no less. You want some guts? Step on it.                
duh. 3 knobs man. If you can't figure it out go play a clarinet or something.                
All boss pedals are hardcore durable. That's their biggest appeal over other manufacturers. This thing has been dropped, stomped on, and still works just fine.                
One of the best distorters in the world and only 40 bucks? who can say no?                
Boss guys are really down to earth. I had to talk to them about my micro-br before, not about this no-brainer, but they got right back ahold of me asap and answered my questions. No attitude.                
I just use the one my guitarist had when he switched to a big muff. I want one, but I dont need to buy one. As far as sex appeal... there's nothing sexy like a pimp bottom bass line that can get hard with one stomp. Thats what I like it for.                
I'm gonna use it until my guitarist wants it back then I'll just get my own. It works for bass signals, which is very rare for distortion pedals I have worked with, including dedicated bass overdrive by the same company that costs thrice the price.                
the sound quality is awesome!!!!!!!!.......... it does not sound good when it is high on dist & tone..                
some more extra knobs should do the trick......                
there are just 3 knobs so, it`s obvious that it is easy to use!!!                
boss is the best.                
worth ........                
the support from the boss is good                
instead of the orange i think black or any dark color would suit it...                
ds1 is handy!!!!                
don't listen to reviewers who say this pedal is crap. there the type who think it all sounds crap unless its ear splittingly loud and irritating. i've had this pedal over a year and it rocks. used properly it can drive your amp to the brink. i don't need another distortion                
simple controls yes but it isn't an aeroplane your flying is it. there's enough there to get alot of different tone's. the basic control's work with your guitar, not against it. just look at some of the pro's who have relied on this baby.                
walk in the park. ideal for any level of player                
you could switch it on and of with a tank and this beauty would still work fine. its solid and built to last. its a boss after all                
you won't find a pedal of this build and quality at a better price anywhere                
never needed them but i bet there customer support centre isn't busy                
yeah, thats why i've already got it                
i wouldn't trade this pedal for any other. what ever music you play this thing can do it. don't listen to the negative reviewer's, they obviously haven't set there guitars/amps right. this pedal is a rock legend. don't ignore it                
The sound of this product fits my needs perfectly. It has just the right amount of distortion. The sound isn't too muddy or unclear. The tone this pedal is really good. This pedal is good for playing alomst anything. I play a lot of Nirvana with it and it sounds exactly like them. The sound is great. It has a nice rock sound to it. Much heavier than overdrive pedals.                
It has a three knobs. Tone, level, and distortion. Turning up the distortion gives you a fuzz type of sound and turn it down gives you a warm overdrive sound. There is an adapter for it, but I don't have it.                 
It is built tough. I can tell it will last.                 
It was only $40.00! That is a steal for something this good.                
Haven't dealt with the company. 5 year warranty.                
The orange color looks cool.                
It is worth the money you pay for it. I'm glad that I got this pedal. I use all the time. If it was stolen or lost I would get another one. It's good for almost playing anything. I love this thing.                
I have 2 of these, one just bought recently just to replace the old one or maybe will try to MOD it has time, but overall, the DS-1 is a must have for starters. I love Boss pedals and I am beginning to collect them so the DS-1 should definitely be in my collection. The sound is pretty much easy to configure depending on what music you are. But this pedal in my opinion should be used for hard rock type of music. Not for blues of jazz. In my settings, as far as the tone knob is concern, I dont usually go beyond 11 o'clock and the gain will around 3 - 5 o'clock. But overall, it is still a great pedal.                
It sounds like a very straightforeward distortion. Not so much ugly hiss like some other pedals (especially on multi-effects) and I have used a LOT of different stompers. There are others with more specific tone characters to them like the Muff or the Screamer, but this is just what it says it is... very basic. Like distortion 101.                
THIS is why I had to get one of these. I play bass guitar and sing. I play the bass like a guitarist alternaming between 'lead' lines and a lot of power chords. I have a big problem with most dedicated drive effects for the bass as they tend to cut out the bottom end a lot and actually make it sound quieter when I kick it in, either that or the crunch isn't nearly enough for the full sound I need. The style I play is just my voice, my bass, and my drummer so I needed something that would really thicken it out to make up for the fact that it's just a 2 piece but I still wanted a full sound. I was playing at an open mic and I saw the bass player from another band that was rockin out on this thing and I asked him if I could try it out for my set and I couldn't believe how well it worked with a bass signal. NO cutting of the low, just a big ballsy evil heavy blast of noise and really made my higher register power chords fill out. I actually recommend this over dedicated bass guitar effects for drive. I got one a couple weeks later and run it between a cheap p-bass knockoff and a midsizey 90 watt behringer amp and my little minimalist 2 piece rock act suddenly had so much more oomf to it.                 
Its a distortion pedal. step on it. I turn the gain all the way up and the tone around halfway maybe a little brighter, and just fix the level so there is just a slight volume boost when it kicks in. Distortion isn't meant to make it louder, just to sound louder. Like I said, I don't experience any loss of low end when I put my bass into it.                
Boss stomper stuff doesn't break. Never in my experience anyways.                 
I was surprised when I found out it's so cheap.                
I never talked to them about this pedal, never had to, but the guy at the BOSS website was quick to answer a question I had about a recorder I used from them.                 
I used the borrowed one and went and got one of my own a week or two later.                
It's simple, durable, cheap, and does what it says it will do.                
This is a great solid, cheap, first-time pedal. I first heard it on a Peavey Blazer 158, and the sound was perfect! The dist. on it is great. It sounds the best on any peavey amp, but others, I would rate it a 6. Also, it is great for palm-muting.                
Not great, but provides a great range of Dist.                
"Very reliable and hard" is what you think of it after you have stepped on it thousands of times and nothing falls apart. It is also very easy to change backup batteries.                
It is totally worth its price because it is only 50 bucks with the power cable and its great sound                
I dont know about support of Boss because I didnt need any help with the pedal! All i know is that they make the very best of the best in Quality, and great sounding and looking pedals.                 
it does look kind of cool in a way doesnt it?                
I love it and there is nothing acceptionaly bad about it. I thingk it will last with me throughout my guitar career.                
I have a Blackstar HT20 & a Mesa Boogie and my main guitars are a PRS custom 24 and an Epiphone Les Paul plus top with gibson 490 & 498 pick ups.  Both my amps have great lead high gain channels.  This pedal kicks things up a notch and pushes them into 'the zone'. Thats whats the DS-1 is famous  for.  This pedal was made for driving tube amps hard and getting the most out of them.  Theres a reason why the DS-1 has stood the test of time.  Anyone who knocks pedal this doesnt know what they're talking about.                 
This pedal is one of the best pedals I've played up to date. when the tone level is at the bottom it sounds kinda bluesy. when it's at 12'0 clock it sounds realy high gained like grunge or metal when its at the end it sounds more like a overdrive. It's good for a lot of nirvana type music                
3 knobs, a input and out put and a battery compartment pretty simple. though it would of been nice if it had a AC adapter but if you use multiple pedals you should get a 1spot daisy chain sort of thing                
just turn the knobs to your liking pretty simple                
very well made and sturdy with it being made of metal you can really stomp on it                
39 bucks is way worth the money instead of buying one of those 100 digitechs                
Dont know I've only had it for 4 days                
it likes so awsome next to my crybaby and DOD chorus I like the color orange on it                
my greatest pedal I own sounds great and a really good price                
Really good, works well with cheap amps with a bad distortion.                 
no special features, just bare bone                
I've had it for 20yrs and it has never had a problem.                
Other pedals offer more options like Digitech                
Don't need it                
Very strong and durable, but get a Digitech to get the same sound pluss much more.                
Still sounds good, a little oudated.                
The Distortion Pedal. Played for 20 years, rock, funk, punk, and metal. Does it all.                
Three knobs; a Gazillion sounds. Metal box, like Boss does. Orange; easy to see on a dark stage. My first one lasted over 15 years.                
Intuitive is an understatement.                 
My original DS-1 was top notch. The 2nd seems no different. Time will tell, I'm sure.                
Had about 10 distortion/fuzz pedals. DS-1 always ends up in my signal chain. Awesome value.                
Stunning. Serious design genius.                 
Really good sounding lead distortion for any 70's-80's song. Goes from fuzzy to sharp with a twist of the knob. Great for solid rythms too. it's not bad for punk either.                
The features aren't numerous, but why would they be? Everything it has is all it needs                
It's solid as a rock                
For forty bucks, you get alot of pedal. Well worth the money because of its versatility                
Never had to call em                
It's a guitar pedal...                
It's a great Pedal                
the sound is for a more intense tone the white noise is quite noticable while not playing but while playing it makes the guitar scream just the way i like it, by itself its not the greatest sound but before my fuzz pedal i havent heard any other combination other than the ds-2 sound the way it does and thats a good thing! mixed with the right gain or other distotoin pedals it is a great effect for producing feedback                
lol ive beeb stomping on it for 2 years now and its still reacts like new something ive found very reliable from boss                
i love orange                
Great distortion. Makes my vocals send shivers down people's spines.                
It distorts and does that very well. <RANT>Though, as a keyboardist, I wish they had a similar model that was MIDI triggered, but I guess that's why we have effects units, right? Nice thought though!</RANT>                
Seems pretty durable, and the orange casing always gets attention.                 
Very cheap for an easy to use, quick setup distortion box. plug mic in and go. Demonic voices in a box! YAY!                
Haven't used it.                
Many notable industrial/EBM bands have used this unit. Ranging from :Wumpscut: to Skinny Puppy and Din_Fiv. So...there must be something to it. And we all know how good the distorted vocals of :Wumpscut: sound :D                
If you are doing industrial and want a good distortion effect for you vocals...this would be the box to get. Just wish it had MIDI :\                 
This pedal is the bomb and if u are getting it for around $40 get it no matter what.I payed $70 for mine and i don't regret it.I also own a line 6 POD 2.0 which i just got after DS-1 and i have two bands,1 in which i use a boss me-30(which is a dream pedal if u can afford $250).But for the price of the DS-1 and its simplicity there is no better pedal around.I wish there was a more crunchier effect thats it.Best used with a vox Wah.                
It only had 3 knobs for tone,level,and distorion unlike the DS-2 but still amazing.It came with a booklet that tells you some settings such as british punk,cruch,american rock,and ect. effects.I use a Les Paul and Strat with it and works great both ways.                
Very easy to use.Push and u got it.Turn black knob and change battery.Turn all 3 nobs all the way up and then turn tone down a bit or too where u like and u are set.Good Luck if u get it.                
The battery screw comes out alot while i am playing and causes me to have to stop song to screw in but if u screw it tight enough you will be fine and don't stomp like a monster with it.Won't break on ya don't worry.                
Price,Product,Perfect.The 3 p's.                
I dunno.No problems and i know alot of people with same pedal so i ask them.                
It called me over and said take me home with you even though i never really needed it even at the time i had 2 other chours distorion pedals.I went to store to get a new humbuckers and saw it and the ugre that i had for it when i started playing gutiar 2 years ago came back and i bought it.                
I think until i tottaly figure out my POD then this product is perfect.I will definetly not sell it and keep it aslong as i can.Maybe eventually give it to a young apprentice.Really its just a fun pedal to bring to jam seesionsand is really fun to mess around with.                
it is what it is, a good pedal                
its very nice has a nice sound to it but not the greatest so i give it a nine                 
not enough pick ups                
boss makes some of the best guitar accesorries                
some are cheaper and better                 
i wouldnt know i never had a problem with it                
yea distortion is a very sexy thing                
im sure another pedal will come along i like better                
It has a good tone of distortion, but I wish it was a bit less fuzz to it's tone.                
I wish it had some more...                
I like the way it was set up. Easy to understand.                
It was pretty cheap for a guitar pedal, so I didn't expect "Perfect" quality.                
It's pretty good, but there are plenty of better distortion pedals made by Boss out there.                
From light crunch to deep distortion just short of metal, this pedal has a wide range for anyone looking for a bit of a bluesy snap to a sharp solo distortion. the knobs are few, but very functional, to the point where a simple turn of the knob can change the character of your distortion. It's noiseless and works well with other pedals, and not just boss brand pedals. For 35-40 dollars, maybe half of that if you get it used, this pedal is the clearest distortion, rivaling pedals with triple the cost. Very, very worth it.                
Not a whole lot to offer, but if you're looking for your distortion pedal to do more than distort, you should stray away. This pedal serves one purpose and serves it to perfection: Distortion.                
Three knobs means that you have the ability to get a wide range of sounds without hours of messing with it. Also, the booklet offers a few great sounding settings, so be sure to check that out if you're having trouble with the tone.                
Boss pedals are notorious for lasting lifetimes. This is no exception.                
This is one of the best values in effects shopping. Great, versatile distortion under fifty dollars? It's the Behringer price at the Boss quality.                
Default ten because I've not needed it.                
It's construction orange. Not a bad look, and it stands out on your pedal board. Simple design, obviously functional rather than vain. As much as I love my equipment to look great, it's more about the tone, especially when it comes to pedals.                
Great distortion. I played with it in the store on the tower of boss equipment, and it made a lot of guitars sound very good. I would highly recommend it.                
Lets start w/ the goods. It has a wide variety of tones that fit almost every musical style. The EQ, while basic, is actually pretty good, and w/ the EQ and distortion, you can find almost any tone from punk to pop to blues.

But there are a few big negatives. First off, the distortion amount, while decent, isnt enough. Its barely usable for hard rock and metal (although I do use it for the rhythm guitar).                
There are three things here: a suprisingly effective EQ, a distortion knob, and a level knob. It gets the job done.                
Its a pedal. Duh.                
Well... its a Boss Pedal. I believe thats all I need to know.                 
OK. Its $100+ for a distortion pedal w/ weak distortion and a good EQ. I got a DanElectro FAB Metal (and three other pedals) for half that price. The DanElectro has just as good an EQ, better distortion, better looks, wider range of tones. Basically, better everything (except durability - the DanElectro is plastic). Is that a good comarison?                
Ill give it a 10 by default. I havent needed any help thus far.                
As I said earlier, its just a pedal. And to boot, it looks a lot like other pedals.                
OK. Knowing that Boss makes this pedal, it suceeds in the smaller area. But where it matters (sound), it falls way short, even with a shockingly good EQ. Bottom Line: Good for beginners. For experts/metalheads, get something else. A good pedal is the DanElectro FAB Metal.                
It sounds very electronic and doesn't have a lot of body.  Kind of brittle sounding.  When your roll the tone around all it really does is roll off the high end and muddy up your sound.  I run it at about 10 O'clock on TONE, 2 O'clock on DIST with my Strats.                
It has the usual.  No problems there.                
I've had trouble using a power adaptor.                
I guess you get what you pay for.                
I already have a RATT pedal from ProCo and it ROCKS.  I thought I would try this one out.  It's OK for a back up or for just some grungy chording.                
Tons of noise.  more noise than distortion.  When you do hear the distortion through the noise it sounds fakey and thin.                
no usefull features - the noise makes it unusable                
Very easy to use, just plug it in, turn up the level, listen to the white noise and un-plug it                
Its a boss - built like a tank - will never wear out.  Of couse it rearly gets used.                
does't cost much but does't do much                
never needed                
it does look good, but not very useful, everyone seems to have one , why I don't know                
Way over rated.  I don't know why people rave about it except maybe to justify their ownership.  The white noise overpowers the thin distortion produced by the DS-1.  Just overdriving my amp gives better and more sensitve distortion.  Look for something else or save your money for a nice tube amp with stepped gain that you can overdrive                
This is an on off switch for a very awkward sounding distortion. It is probably the cheapest pedal that boss makes and you get what you pay for. It sucks all the tone out of your guitar and the distortion it adds sounds more like killing a squirrel than rock and roll. I am goign to stick with my amp's overdrive feature.                
The distortion level knob gives you little to no actual control over it. the volume works but it is not a true sliding scale, it jumps so that there are about 3 real volume levels. and the tone  knob is also on/off.                
If you know kind of how any pedal works, this'll be a breeze. Everything is on/off.                
Lukily for boss they make their pedals strong enough to withstand those guitarist that actually stomp on their pedals. But once again, without it working correctly that doesn't mean much.                
To be fair, this is a cheap pedal.                
N/A                
Just because it's boss, which makes fantastic pedals, doesn't make the DS-1 a quality pedal. I suggest doing actual research before you buy.                
Look up youtube demos before you buy any pedal!                
Not for everyone, metal heads probably won't enjoy it. However, I personally love the sound it creates, very classic rock. On my les paul it sounds great especially on the treble pickup. Not as great on my telecaster, I think it reacts much better to humbuckers than single coil. It doesnt seem to offer as much of a boost on single coils, and it buzzes more, but the pickups on tele's have always been pretty loud. 

Does have some buzz but only on extreme settings, don't push both knobs past 3 o'clock at the same time, and it shouldnt be noticeable. I don't think you'll find a distortion pedal that can remain silent on maximum settings.                
Why don't these stupid things ever come with an AC plug? I'm not going to run on batteries forever. On the good side, solid metal not plastic like many pedals, obviously isn't falling apart like ever.                
Straight forward controls. Gotta love that. Doesn't take a lot of playing with the dials to find a great sound, and they respond even to incrimental adjustments.                
Perfect. Obviously built solid, extremely durable. No wonder they offer a 5 year warranty, no one ever needs it. I'm sure a fat man could jump up and down on it for five years without it breaking.                
I think Boss is just a little overpriced most of the time. Danelectro's are just as nice and way cheaper, although I suppose they are also made of plastic. This pedal, though, is very cheap relative to the Boss norm.                
I just haven't dealt with the company, haven't needed to.                
I don't think it's very desireable, that's why it's so cheap off the list price. Frankly it's fugly. However, I don't care as long as it works well.                
A solid pedal. Not the widest variety of sound but great at what it does. I think I'll nick name it captain crunch.                
Great distortion pedal.                
Easily adjustable.                
The box is well made. Can you break this thing?                
GREAT VALUE FOR THE MONEY!                
Boss is #1 in my book!                
Very attractive distortion pedal. Love the orange color.                
I will use this pedal from now on. I own an Ibanez fuzzy pedal that doesn't even compare.                
The sound quality is awesome, just like almost everything else about it. It really captures yoour nuances and holds them out there. I love NIRVANA, and considering that even Kurt Cobain used this and the DS2, it is the perfect pedal for grunge, alternative, and punk rock. I is perfect for my style of music and, I'm sure, for many others as well.                
This product is to good for "extra accessories." It's sound, sturdiness, easy storagebility, and overall simplicity makes up for anything you were hoping to get along with the stompbox.                
Amazingly sturdy. It's sturdiness is probably the best part.                
It was a steeeeeeeeeealllllll!!! Don't raise the price though, more people will buy it just the way it is! Don't change a thing! Leave this pedal exactly like it is, its PERFECT!                
It has a 5 year warranty, but I dont think I'll need it at all! Thanks though.                
I just love the orange color, it goes great with it's sound! It's also small and easy to store.                
This is the perfect distortion pedal! It's younger sister, the DS2, is a very close second!                
it kills the battery really quick. should come with the power adapter                
I'm trying to replace a Boss ME-20 multi-effects pedal, so I've been experimenting with overdrive & distortion pedals.  Boss has a great reputation, but I found the DS-1 to be thin sounding. Playing an American Tele through a Fender Blues Jr. I couldn't get a meaty sound out of this pedal & returned it after a few days of trying.                
It doesn't have have heavy ditortion at all only good for if you need a little distortion to you song                
Can't adjust sound the sound much at all 

hardly any features at all beside 3 nobs                
buit tough                 
Buy a digtech pedal                 
didn't need any                
Hardly even use it since i got my behringer amp                
Tja... das ist nicht so gut - that means "its not so good", for those who dont know German. Its not a great distortion pedal at all. It has a decent amount of distortion, but not enough for metalheads like me, and it has too much distortion for overdrivers. 

The tone knob has quite a bit of range, but still. When you turn the tone knob up a lot, its too tinny and thin; turn it down a lot, and it has no bite at all. You have to keep it at 12 or 1 o'clock for best results.                 
Theres three knobs, a Gain Knob, a Tone Knob, and a Level Knob... a bit run-of the-mill here. Especially considering that the three knobs are the EXACT same knobs used in other pedals.                
Well, with the lack of features, it easy to use, right? RIGHT? Just turn the knobs until you get a sound you like (might not happen with this pedal, though.)                
Spell it: B-O-S-S. Be, oh,es, es. Got it?                
Well, its only $40. Thats good. If youre on a budget, you could get this pedal OR you could get the DigiTech Hot Head (with better, heavier, less tinny distortion AND an actual EQ - fine, it only has  Low and High knobs, but it counts) for the same price. Take your pick.                
I have no clue, really, so Ill give it a five.                
Uh... no. Orange doesnt work too well here. Sorry.                
Parents, if your son started guitar lessons yesterday, this isnt a bad pedal. Players, if you have little money to spare, this isnt a bad pedal. But two things: first off, were looking of "good", not "not bad", so get the DigiTech Hot Head instead. Two, experts (and intermediate players) who have money to spare, STAY AWAY. Spend your hard-earned cash elsewhere, because this wont cut it.                
This pedal has really basic but cool distortion sounds. I really love it. I try to put my distortion to others though, and with this its kinda hard cuz its pretty basic, but it still has great distortion.                
theres really not much to talk about: tone, level, and uhh. i forget the other. ha. but yea, REALLY EASY TO FIGURE OUT.                 
Reallyyy easy to use and figure out.                 
pretty good i guess. its like metal, pretty sturdy. I've had it for like two years, and its still perfect.                
its great. same prices as everywhere. its affordable and sturdy. nothing tooo special though.                
I LOVE ZZOUNDS. i didnt use them for this, but ive been a long customer of theres, and id much rather give my business to them rather than the long-ruling empire of guitar center.                 
its orange.                 
its your basic distortion pedal. the original really. lots of guys have used this, and i can see why.                 
This pedal has a very loud sound                
Just three simple knobs                
Very easy to use, just click it and turn a knob                
This product is worth it's price especially if your a beginner.                
Bright orange, not hard to miss                
I'll pretty much keep this pedal for a while                
Not the best I've played with. But if this is your first pedal then I reckon you buy it.                
Limited, but decent enough for you to have some fun.                
Very easy to use.                
Boss is a great maker of effects pedals but this maybe isn't their best.                
Excellent price.                
Very Good                
I wouldn't buy it myself but it is good for beginners.                
This product is good for people who want to have fun. I wouldn't use it in a gig though.                
This is one pedal every guitarist needs in their arsenal. I prefer the sound to this over any product, other then the fulltone mosfet but thats almost 170 pounds more exspensive!                
go from blues t metal just by changing the pickup selector!!                
3 knobs. all that needs to be said                
had it over 4 years now and its never let me down                
Like i said i would pay over 200 pounds for this bad boy ad i picked it up for 30!                
never had to use it!                
its orange...                
there is a definate reason why steve vai and joe satriani use this. its amazing.                
doesn't change the actual dynamic of your sounds.                
Comes with level and tone and distortion, what more do  you need?                
three knobs, very simple layout.                
Easily made for abuse, or oops, won't hurt it. Never fails, and always works. Won't need a backup, made like a tank.                
compared to other units, a great price.                
Never had a problem with it.                
The sound isnt horrible but its extremely basic. This pedal is extremely overrated. The MArshall Guvnor 2 is a much better pedal-it has character, more gain, a better low gain tone, and a really nice eq. This pedal is not versatile at all.                
Basic features. Tone (useless), Distortion (not versatile), and LEvel.                
Its easy to get tones from it but the tones arent very good.                
Great quality, although again, MArshall guvnor is probably more durable.                
It is a pretty cheap pedal, but really, save up for the Guvnor-20 dollars extra.                
N/A                
I dont need this pedal-its obselete.                
It's an ok pedal for the price but its very bland.                
This was the first pedal i ever got and i am not going to ever throw it out. you can get any sound you want from the beatles to metallica                
doesn't have any fancy knobs or anything, just distortion. its built like a tank too.                
only 3 knobs. how hard is that?                
built like a tank. if you throw it out the window it won't break                
for 30 bucks you cant get a better distortion bedal                
never needed it                
i only got it because i had no idea about what amps and pedals were good (i just started playing). now that im good at guitar i realize how great it is                
this pedal, along with a good lead channel from an amp, can get any sound you want. this is the first pedal i ever got and its not going to leave my pedalboard. for 30 bucks you should get it anyway, whithout trying it out.                
Damn! Sounds better than a chainsaw!                
Not a lot to play around with.                
Thumbs up for the manual. However, the controls are so

simple you don't need a manual.                
It's a beauty inside and out.                
I've tried a few  pedals in it's price range and

nothing comes even close.                
No problems so far but I asked about it in the shop

and they said it's covered.                
When I saw it I was like a girl looking at a pair

of designer shoes - I had to have it.                
It's so good that if I ever go looking for a new

pedal it will be BOSS again.                
The tone is really good but it gives off TONS of white noise.                
Very simple                
all you do is step on it, just like any other                
all metal, it takes a beating                
Its a good pedal for the money.                
none needed                
I just needed a better ditortion pedal then the digitech grunge pedal, cause that one sucks.                
Its good but, wayyyy to much white noise, the humming is way to loud, bad for recording.                
THE GREATEST PEDAL EVER. Itr's best when you use it on a Fender Strat or Fender Mustang and maybe also a Fender Jaguar. It's just a Fender Pedal And i Love it                
it's great because it isn't complicated like the other pedals with more then 1 thousand of bbuttons on it                
easy...
                
yup                
yes it really is but also need an wah wah pedal                
don't really know                
it's sexy                
uim i think the color may be changed                
I love the sound this gives although it took me awhile to find the right sound but after you play with it; it comes easy!                
All you need is in the box.minus a cord but yeah no pedal comes with those                
the ds-1 is extremely well made                
The best for the money                
Havent had a problem they look and feel pretty sturdy                
This litttle orange pedal will look good in front of any amp!                
I love this pedal                
i play mostly hardcore punk and metal and its great i also use and sd1 overdrive petal for palm muting but its a sweet ass pedal                
since it has 3 knobs it is easy to get the sound u love and it has a very wide varity of sounds                
it has good quality, very sturdy and durable                
come its only $40 for an amazing pedal no question                
no problems                
great distortion pedal to have, there are better ones out there but none that come even close in the price range                
I use it with my LTD Ec-50 and it sounds great. Rapes the overdrive on my marshall MG15CD. I only play metal(just about every kind)and it does a pretty good.It isn't the best sound out there, but for such a low price it's a steal.                 
I bought it for distortion, and that's exactly what I get.                
No clue, just bought it.                
Like I said before, it's a steal.                
Haven't needed it yet.                
Cool, but it need more effects                
yes, owners menu                
its cool                
y pay some expensive$                
more or less
                
The DS1 captures every nuance and is really precise. If you explore its settings and tweak them around, the sound possiblities are almost endless!                
The DS1 is extremely well made. It's very, VERY sturdy and sounds good, too. I've been using it almost every night since February and the original batteries haven't run out yet! Although it has a 5 year warranty, I don't think I'll need it. It's just so sturdy; and yet, it's also light and doesn't take up hardly any room.This pedal is most definetly compatible with my style of music. It is an investment I'm truly proud of and this won't be the last BOSS or ROLAND product I purchase.                
It may be "bottom-of-the-line," but it's definetly worth more than it's price (please don't raise it though!).                
Well...it's orange and looks cool...It's just simple...and...easy to use and...just well made. It's simplicity and just overall greatness is what makes it awesome.                
I don't know what I'd do with out it...seriously!                
I've compared the DS-1 to just about every pedal since the early '80s and the DS-1 produces less noise and more bite for the money. I dont need all the EQ parameters of other distortion pedals that have hit the market over the years since I primarly use it with a Roland MC-202 MicroComposer for some badass acid lines. The tone knob is all I need, since any further EQ adjustments can be made from my mixer. As for playing guitar, I would naturally add a Boss EQ pedal at the beginning of the effects chain to gain all the characteristics most of these inexperienced kids seem to whine about. :p                
No accessories were included. All the features I need are there. I dont need any more or less, considering the price of the unit. If this pedal wasnt so good, it wouldnt be around after 27 years. It truly stands the test of time, being the most popular distortion pedal of all time.                
This unit (as well as all Boss pedals) is built like a tank! I've owned many other bands and Boss just cant be beat for their reliable quality construction that will last a lifetime when taken care of properly.                
Worth every last penny! Definitely more bang for the buck!                
I never had any problems with the DS-1 or any other Boss pedal for that matter, but I've ordered parts for other used Roland gear and had no problem with those orders.                
I definitely dig the orange color and the old style knobs that have remained the same since it first hit the market. The practicality is a must and I still get an erection just looking at it. ;)                
The DS-1 will always keep me satisfied. I wouldnt replace it, but I'd definitely supplement it with more effects units. This unit entirely meets my musical goals. If it were lost or stolen (which I highly doubt) I'd replace it with the same exact unit. What I like most about it is the fact that it gives me plenty of distortion with minimal noise. Theres conflicting stories that the early Japanese made units are better than the current units made in Taiwan, so I'll have to pick up a vintage DS-1 and compare for myself.                
its cool but its not for hard rockers it sounds tough                
Grungey sound   like nirvanas  "bleach" and "Nevermind"                
Best deal ever    cheap for a great product                
Kurt Cobain used this during the bleach and nevermind eras                
The Best  Pedal Money can buy, Boss hit the G spot with this Distortion pedal. What can I say about the DS-1X . (HOT BUTTER).  Boss has always made good pedals for years.  Can and will Boss ever top this pedal? Only time can tell. 
Thanks Boss for an amazing  pedal. and ZZounds for always being there for me.                
I got the wall adpator to keep from burning through batteries. Anyway, this makes a great complement to the Blackstar combo amp! I need nothing else for practice and jamming to blues, jazz, rock and some metal                
Ok...Ive played with the DS-1 and wanted to like it , I've owned it a few times, trying to dial in the sound and never could get a good sound out of it, NOT understanding how Satraini and Vai and Lynch have one in their Pedal boards, because i just don't hear any resemblance to a DS-1 in their Tone. I guess if i wanted a grungy tone or a Sex Pistols tone it would be great but I play Glam 80's Rock and there was no way that pedal was going to give me that tone. Also I have never found a distortion that you could go through a clean channel on a tube amp head and it sounds good, always lacking a bottom end and sounds terrible and trebly. I use a Blackstar HT Metal 100 Watt Head into a 4X12 cab for live shows and I cannot get a great distortion out of it and it's been depressing. I even recently tried the Boss GT-100 processor in hopes of a better tone, cool stuff but just don't have months to play with it and dial sounds in. The other day I even tired out a Boss MT Metal Zone pedal....cool but extremely buzzy. So in my depressing state, as a last ditch effort I watched an hour or so reviews on the new Boss DS-1X, on Youtube, it's getting great reviews and to be honest i was skeptical , but what did i have to lose? and to be honest, most of the reviews I was still skeptical.  $149.00 isn't pocket change for most of us But I ordered it two days ago and it showed up on my doorstep last night (litterally got it within 24 hrs!!) I plugged it into the smaller Roland practice amp I use here at the house with all the settling at 12 o clock...Not bad, not great, messed with the two EQ seting knobs and in the end was kind of depressed thinking it didn't sound that much different from the regular DS-1 ...in fact i was going to return it this morning. I got up this morning and decided to go over to our practice studio and plug through my main live rig before returning it.  I'M GLAD I DID!!!! with the settings ALL at 12 o clock this thing sounded like a complete monster!!! Thick tone, Bottom end, great distortion and something i really NEED ...great long sustain!!! it is everything the Metal zone is but without the buzzing tone and when you roll off your volume it cleans up well. Even with the distortion when you are at full volume, you can hear each note clearly, something i couldn't get with the Blackstar amp distortion or with any processor or distortion i have tried. I tweaked the lows up to both about 1-2 o clock, level at 12 o clock and distortion at 12 o clock and it sounded even better and full. Turning the distirtion to 3 o clock gave me that Metallica distortion and tone which 12 o clock still gives me plenty to play Sabbath!!! the versatility of this pedal is amazing. We are primarily Sabbath, Alice Cooper, Kiss, Crue, Poison, Great White covers as well as countless others and THIS is the pedal and tone i have been searching for for the past 20 years...YES it is THAT good!!!, we just started doing some Iron Maiden as well and this is gonna give me THAT tone too. I think BOSS has outdone themselves with this one...I might even buy another one to put away in case this one ever breaks LOL...I really love this thing...Buy one...a couple shows and it will pay for itself!!! Easily one of the best things i have bought in a very long time!!!                
I'm 58 and have boxes of pedals.  This is the best thing I've ever heard.  I give guitar lessons at a music store and all the guitarist / salesmen are getting one. 
You can not dail a bad sound everything sounds great. A little distortion sounds great.  A lot of distortion sounds great.   Any High and Low setting sounds great.  Better than amp distortion.  GET ONE!  VERY inspiring and RESPONSIVE.  Cleans up very nicely with guitar volume and soft picking.                
So...I am blown away at how versatile this thing is! Far more than I expected. First, it does what it is supposed to do, turns effects on and off in any order as you would expect. Second, you can change the order of your effects without moving pedals, run them in parallel when the input of one pedal would adversely affect the next pedal in your chain (priceless IMO), and switching is fast and quiet (no popping or delay). Third, You can use the MIDI function to control amp channel switching (I play through a Marshall JVM 410H). Every function of my rig is literally one step away. The best of a rack system without the rack and the simplicity of a pedal board. These cats thought of pretty much everything. You can even use the mute button as a bank up or down button so you don't have to run through the banks 1-5 before you can get back to the bank you want. Takes some reading to get going, but once you figure out the first patch the rest is pretty simple. Much more to this thing than meets the eye. I was pleasantly surprised!                
Possibility's are endless, is an understatement concerning this product  Everything about this product is brilliant well thought out for the giggin guy! whether you play at different clubs every weekend doin top 40 stuff,or out on tour, its everything I would need and more. 
The only down side to this product is the manual,I've been a Boss/Rolland user for 3 decades and they build great products for giggin guys but the manual is never the easiest.  Knowing how Boss/Roland manuals are,as usual,I took a good part of a sunday afternoon to learn it. Once you learn the ES-8 through all the manual, its a piece-O-cake. 
I highly advice learning it through the manual and knowing how to set it up before using the editor,this makes you a proficient pro musician in the middle of a set songs live on stage,when changes are needed...  highly recommend!                
I can't tell you how long I've been using BOSS and Roland products, but somehow I haven't thought of anything to say. Even though I've enjoyed their products throughout the years performing and recording with them. 
Well first it's affordable. After scouring the internet looking for a innovative, powerful switching system where the price was right, I finally came across the BOSS ES 8. Even though it arrived a little late in the pro switching system game, their incredible features and a doable price was just what the doctor ordered.      
Second, it's built like a tank and can handle the road for extensive touring. BOSS never makes flimsy products IMHO.
An important feature I admire the most is that no matter where you place pedals on your pedal board, the ES-8 will allow you to place each pedal in any order. Because of that and it's powerful MIDI features, I'm able to assign any of my fourteen pedals in any order in any patch and bank. Yes, fourteen. You don't have to settle for just eight pedals on your board because you see eight programable switches. 
As with all of there products, even though the programming is easy, the possibilities is limitless. After I've spent some time with it to see how best it could serve my needs in the studio and during live performances, I came to the conclusion that I've made the right choice purchasing this product. It's a beautiful tool that will be in my arsenal for some years to come.
With a full pedalboard, there is a lot of tap dancing and program switching involved in between songs or sections of songs. This thing has made everything so smooth. I program in tempos, pedal orders, etc and just step on one switch per sound and the es-8 handles everything. Love it, my tone is less noisy, the board is cleaner, and I switch like a pro. Love it!                
I needed a latching footswitch to control the effects on my Mackie mixer. This one seemed to fill the bill. The only problem I had was that the LED did not come on when I first tried the switch, before connecting it to the unit. The instructions did not actually cover this at all. So, on a hunch, I connected the switch to the mixer and turned it on. The LED functioned perfectly. The polarity switch gave me the option of either synchronizing the LED on the mixer and the LED on the switch or having the LED on the switch go on when the LED on the mixer was off, and vice-versa. Definitely worth the money.                
Had this on backorder awaiting Boss production and release. Received this and Propellorhead Reason 8 December 24th. WOW! What a Christmas this was for this old man! Pedal is great shape and the true beauty of this is no need for battery and no need for another Boss power supply. The supplied power splitter worked great with the PSA-120 power supply I use with my Boss ME-70 effects board and powers both devices. I currently use pedal A for reverb on/off and pedal B for bank switching with a TRS cable, but will experiment with other A/B cable options. Going battery free puts this well above previous Boss foot switches at a comparable price. I'm loving it and you will as well!                
great little pedal fits really good on the pedal board and works perfect for my needs.never needed manufacture support. and there's no sound and that's a good thing.                
Expression pedals and volume pedals are tricky, especially if you own a Nord Electro 3.  If you have one, it behooves you to buy a pedal that can serve as both an expression and an in/out volume pedal.  I prefer an extra large throw and something that is solid and large.  This Boss pedal is all of the above---the best one out there.  If you don't want a bulky pedal, don't buy this one.  It's built like a tanks and is almost as big.  I hate the small flimsy pedals, like the Roland EV5, or the ones that don't work properly, like the Alesis.  If your serious about performance and don't mind a big foorprint, just buy this...you won't be dissapointed.                
It's both an expression pedal and/or an in/out volume pedal.  It's nice to be covered both ways...actually it's essential.  Also the minimum volume is an prerequisite feature, which it's got.                 
If you can't figure it out, perhaps you're in the wrong field.                
It's metal contruction, built like a tanks.  I beat the crap out of mine for 3-4 years, didn't even keep it ithe box..just threw it around and into my gig bag....actually killed it.  Then I tried a bunch of cheaper pedals----don't do that.  They're mostly garbage.  I finally just bought it again and now I take care of it.  So if you beat the crap out of it, it will still give you 3-4 years.  If not, it might last forever.                
Yes, its not cheap.  But it's worth it.  One of those deals.  If you're a gigging musician, it's a good value.  Quality counts for a lot.                
not applicable                
Looks pretty good, although Boss in general is not something that would typically produce that much wood.  I generally prefer somthing with a more vintage look.  But I would submit that this category is fairly moronic.  Buy it because it does the job.                
It's the best one out there.                
Takes nothing away from the sound of my guitar. It's perfect for swells and changing volume when you can't stop picking.                
The adjustable volume in the closed position is very cool, you can make quick volume changes. The adjustable tension is a great feature, most volume pedals don't have enough resistance for me. I tighten this up so there is no accidental volume changes.                 
Does everything it's supposed to do and more.                
It's built like a bank vault. No worries about this pedal breaking.                
Worth every penny I spent on it.                
Haven't had to deal with them.                
The features I mentioned before are only available on this pedal.                
This will be the last volume pedal I will ever buy.                
Expression pedals are tricky---especially with the Nords and the Hammond clones. This is one of the few pedals that works with the Electro 3 and Hammond SK series.It's got a long throw and you won't kick it around because it's got some good aluminum beef. Never mind the cost---it's 10 times the pedal as the ev5.                
I was really surprised at the quality of this pedal. I originally bought it to be an expression pedal for my timeline pedal, but I have been using it mostly as a volume pedal so far. I am strongly considering getting another to be my expression pedal down the road. I would get this pedal again for sure. Built strong, glides up and down smooth and the tuner out on the left side is a god send. you can mute your guitar live and tune it up then slam it down and start playing again. awesome pedal great value!                
This is a great volume pedal but it does seem to lose a little treble when turning down. Still love it....                
This is where this pedal gets awesome. Using it aligned as a mooger fooger expression pedal is much fun and then back to its original duty as a volume pedal.. Adjusting the amount of volume you want to control is awesome and much needed as well as the tuner output.                
Easy as can be                
Its Boss! I have a bunch of boss stuff and its all incredible reliable. This is probably tougher than the pedals but I am not worried about it longevity at all. Probably outlive me.                
You get what you pay for. Its not the cheapest pedal in the world but its what you expect to pay for quality equipment.                 
N/A                
It is very sexy as far as volume pedals go... I really love it                
I do not expect to buy a volume pedal ever again. If a) it doesn't break or b) doesn't get lost or stolen. 

There is no reason for me to upgrade as this suits my style completely: This is not JUNK. It has a great action and smooth feel. 
                
Noisy and scratchy. I never used its expression mode, but it was nice to know that it was there. My musical styles had nothing to do with my choice or uses of the pedal.The pedal was worthless for recording, disconcerting in rehearsal, annoying when demoing sounds in songwriting, and a big hassle on stage, the main reason that I junked it! If you can keep it quiet, good luck- it may get you through real world use for a while without major trouble- then again... replace the pot. with optics, duh!                
most useful features: stereo ins and outs; expession mode;minimum volume sensitivity adjustment.tuner jack; battery operation and power supply option. Least useful was the potentiometer, ruining its usefulness and wasting time, money, vbe- it's a big hassle!                
At first, it sounds okay- a few days later, expect the pot. to go out and leave you with a noisy clunker! iT'S EASY TO USE WHEN WORKING PROPERLY. THE ONLY BIT OF LEARNING INVOLVES THE EXPRESSION PEDAL, NO BIG DEAL. It's playable for keyboards and drum machines (my main uses), and I found it alright for guitar and bass.                
Made well enough except for the potentiometer- Which is like saying that a Volvo is well made except for having a sucky engine and transmission! Rreliable? NOT!!! It wouln't last nearly long enough, and it's cosmetically benign, if boring-undistinguished.                
No way!!!                
Yes. Customer service was 119% unresponsive, and impossible to reach!No friendliness or unfriendliness, just lacking effort and problem solving. I gave up, patience being finite...                
IF the pot. problem were fixed, I'd consider this pedal in its price range; otherwise, I'd pass it up!                
I used to own one of these noisy, scratchy-potentiometer duds. I admit to never having used the tuner jack, so I have no complaints there. The Ernie Ball pedals are quiet and study, a better choice. If you need to save money, buy a behringer cheapie or two and treat them gently! Morleys are fine, but also too fragile to leave home! I currently use a Visual Volume pedal that kicks butt! If I were to recommend only one volume pedal, I'd say to go with Visual Volume. They're worth the dough!                
Fantastic product! Easy to use...can't say enough good about it. One of the guys in the band let me use a Morley pedal, but I had some noise problems with it. Once the Boss pedal was connected, no more noise issues & everything worked great.                
No accessories...                
E-Z setup!                
Well-made...no problems.                
Haven't had any issues...service from zZounds is great, too. (I called zZounds prior to placing order on-line.)                
Definitely a practical addition to my keyboard setup.                
I'd definitely buy another one, whenever this one wears out. Boss was recommended to me as a producer of great products, & he was right. I play a Roland keyboard & had used a Bespeco volume pedal for over 10 years. I definitely prefer the Boss pedal & will stay with that from now on. I like the fact that the Boss pedal doesn't require a battery, as the Morley pedal did.                
I just received this Boss Volume Pedal and am using it with my Korg Krome and King Korg Synths. Decent pedal for the price. Nice feature to have two inputs and outputs so I can control volume of both of my keyboards through one pedal. Cuts down on needing a second volume pedal. Built good and so for no issues. I give it a solid A on value and quality.                 
Very happy and satisfied with the prompt delivery and the quality of the volume peddal excellant prices.   I will most assuredly order other merchandise from this company when needed. 

THANK YOU zZOUNDS

I purchased a keyboard from zZOUNDS and it had accessories and I ordered the foot peddal to use with it                 
Every thing with this product was convenient to use and understand.   The manuals were very helpful and informative.                
The product more than surpassed my expectations, and it seems more than adequate to use on the road or in your home.   It is an excellant looking pro instrument.                
zZounds had the best prices around.  I checked web site after web site they were the best.                
?                
This is it for me.  If anything happens to this keyboard I'll replace it with the same brand of keyboard.                
I have a Dunlop JH fuzz and this FZ-5 with its three non-Dunlop emulations. All four are different. The Maestro setting was so off the wall that I had ZZsounds replace the pedal. What I ended up with is a Maestro setting that at least doesn't totally cut out but who can tell the difference. If you want fuzz know what fuzz you want, they are all different.                
For whatever reason, though I have been playing guitar for many years I've never bothered to put anything into the  FX loop other than a chorus or delay pedal. Recently I've decided to lose the multi fx pedal I use and go straight into the amp. Well I wasnt able to get close to the tone I wanted so a friend suggested I try a GE-7 through the FX loop of my amp which is a Valveking 112 into a Sheffield 4x12. Bought one here at ZZ and proceeded to try it out in the FX loop.. WOW!! That's about all I can say. I don't even need the 4x12 any more which makes gigging so much easier. This pedal brought a low end(though modified) amp like a VK112 into Mesa territory and I kid you not. Slight bumps and slight cutting of certain frequencies on this pedal  and  it turns your amp into a monster. I have been playing for over 25 years and have owned many expensive and big name amps but this pedal into a cheap amp competes with and actually tops some of them easily!! I can say in all honesty that the only reason I'd ever buy another amp is as a backup and to see what this pedal can do to another amp.                 
tip to make the sound better? just study the ranges - frequencies are sensitive - adjust to suit your need, your taste                
as ever - boss pedals are STURDY, strong to withstand all road conditions, weather even..                
good enuf for a great gear                
haven't gotten in touch w/ the company which made the boss ge7                
the color bothers me, light yellow, blue might be better, but its purely my opinion - my choice of color.
i lusted for this product when i found what it can do, its a great gear to pomp my performances
color versus the use and its contribution to me - i say id buy it even if its baby pink... :-)                
nope, i dont have a need as of now for other products- the ge7 equalizer works well w/ my boss bass chorus and flanger, and the best it can stand alone w/ my yamaha APX3.                 
Really helps to shape your tone, or is awesome as a solo boost in your effects loop.                
It has more then enough bands and the level slider is a plus.                
As long as you know what EQ does there no no learning curve for this pedal.                
Like all Boss pedals. Built to last a long time.
                
Well for a simple EQ I'd rather pay a bit less.                
never had to deal with Boss directly. I guess that is good, never had a problem with any of their products.                
I like the look of all the Boss pedals.                
I use mine as a boost for my guitar solos. If it were lost or stole I would replace it immediately with the same item.
                
Great product. The only thing wrong is you need ear plugs after a while. The pitch is really high and it slices through your ear. I use it through the ex loop in the back and not in front of the amp. And I would like to hear it with a bbe maximizer, something that bring out highs and lows naturally. I think both of them together would sound cool.                
It could of come with an adapter.                
I used it a lot when I first got then had it in a closet for a long while.  Just recently I started using it again and it still works fine after being just thrown in a dust filled closet.                
There is a bbe maximizer for the same price and I would rather use that.                
To me it still hold up even with all these new eq's and other big bottom and high enhancments.                 
One word: TONE.  This thing is awesome, it can be used for any type of music.  If you have a distortion pedal, and you're just not getting enough tone, buy this.  It can make any sound sound sooo much better.                
Good, i guess, i dont really care, i just care about the sound                
You're gonna have to play around with it alot until you have the sound you want.                
it wont break, its built like a tank                
its a bit pricy, but worth every penny                
i dont know, never dealt with them                
Equalizers are just awesome.  You can get great tone out of it, no matter what kind of music you play.  I recommend this product to anyone who needs that extra 'oomph' to your sound.  I don't know how long this will last, but when it does die out (if it does), I'll get another equalizer, but probably that twin pedal equalizer that Boss makes.                
It helps other effects to sound more effective in certain ways of playing.                
This pedal really works for solos and boosting your sound during the chorus part of the song you played. If you play rythmic leads in the verse it also help to enhance your guitar sound more clearer and brighter by simply adjusting the Level slightly way up. It also makes my modulation effects sound great in some certain ways in my own taste of listening.                
I have eight Boss Pedals so far, I like them all not only for the sound but also in quality they can take a proper abusive use in stage or in the garage. They don't broke easily like most other pedals. They last long-including the sound never changed stay theysame the way it is.                  
I give a 9 on value because for me a $100.00 retail price is a bit quite expensive to its usefullness. If this pedal supply also power to other boss pedals like the NS-2 its more better but its not. A $79.00 or $89.00 for this one will be a great value overall.                  
Im curious before how this pedal really shape the sound in whole my set-up but once I own it really help in certain ways in making your sound more effective in stage or during a practice or even in your room.                
This quite expensive for a 7-band EQ but its Boss dont worry it will last for a long long time..                 
I use this pedal to increase the distorion pedal i also have. It makes a HUGE difference in sound when it is on. My guitar comes through cleaner, louder and more powerfully.                
I've gone through the VG8 to the GR30 and the Boss GP10 finally ties it all together. VG sounds, plus regular preamp, any blend thereof plus great effects all easily configured with a USB editor. All sounds coming out of my regular guitar amp mono. I use it on all my electric gigs now, 1-2-3 a week. Love it!                
I have owned a VG-8 and a GR-55 and this thing rocks with better tracking, better sounds and an overall smaller package.                 
Unfortunately, while it is a good idea it fell short of my needs and I will be returning it today.
Some the biggest "issues" for me are that, for the price, there are too many limitations when selecting effects for a given patch -if you want a compressor, you can't have something else, etc...  In this day and age, processing power is cheap and it seems that BOSS is deliberately "dumbing" down products for marketing reasons.  IN addition, the AMP and EFX affects both the guitar input and the modeller so, you can't have two separate processing.  Huge shortcoming for me.
The tracking varies widely between WAV Synth and SYNTH, the former having the worse tracking of the two.  But, since it also has the most varied programming parameters for synth-based sound creation you'll want to use it instead of the simple SYNTH modeler.
Guitar modeling is OK but, not as good as other units for sure - my Variax has a more realistic emulation of the various guitars, it has MORE models and MORE parameters to boot (such as pickup position, tilt, etc...) - and you can still hear a bit of a microphonic effect even with the GK pickup which is what they recommend using.  
Finally, their EDITING software is buggy at best and in some cases it and/or the drives don't install properly - the web it full of such complaints. IN my case, the installation program would hang even though Windows message would say, "You hardware is installed and ready to use" - well, BOSS's own program thought otherwise so, I couldn't get it to work on XP PRO, Vista or Win 8.1 - and once you read the super-long list of "issues" on Roland's own website you have to wonder how they couldn't find a capable company to write the drivers and editor for them.
I am returning mine today as I have just received the RMA - hopefully, something better will come along soon.                 
Pretty good, still needs some tweaking to get it to track just right - Can't really do what I wanted to do with this unit, Horns, was my main need - this unit doesn't fill it.GR-55 may be a better fit                
The reason I knocked the the sound quality a star and a half is because the preset sounds aren't EQ'd well at all. Compare it in videos to the Zoom and you'll see what I mean. That being said, once you get into it and 1)start tweeking yourself or 2) goto the Boss Tone Central you'll be fine. Boss Tone Central has some FANTASTIC user presets by pro guitarists. Once I found those I was very happy with sound quality, but you'd think they could of used some of these for their presets.                
The reamping feature is Dope and works great. At least with Reaper, which I also recommend. Had no issues getting the GT001 to talk to Reaper, easy as pie. Having the mic input it great and seems to work very well. The mic presets aren't super useful, but there not terrible either. Could use a few more bass presets...                
Easy to use, had a little trouble getting Boss tone central up and running, but once I did, can't live without it. But as far as just plug and play and jam, works like a charm. Menus are pretty straight forward.                
The knobs are fake metal plastic, but other than that its alright...would it really have broken the bank to throw some cheap metal in there?                
I compared this to several other items, the zoom being the one that almost won because the presets are really good. But, I use this for home desktop recording mostly and the BOSS GT001 is just superior to the zoom in that regard. The mic port with phantom power helped seal the deal, but the reamping feature is pretty sweet too...and once I found Tone Central the preset thing was a non issue.                
Haven't needed them so far.                
For the price point and for what I'm using it for, I'm super happy with it. I wish they had better presets right out of the box, BOSS if you are listening, maybe get some guitarist in there and let the engineers design the box and then lock them in the closet while the guitarist make the presets. But, thank goodness for Boss Tone Central, cause there are some great presets on there.                
Excellent Desktop recording solution.                
Very nice desktop unit for using with your DAW of choice. Use it with Presonus Studio One. it sounds great and easy to hook up with studio one. The amp settings are endless. it is the Boss GT-100 in a desktop version without foot pedals.                
The Boss GT-001 is a very good effects processor.  The Boss Tone Studio on line software app the connects via USB makes this processor very easy to use and find the tone that you are looking for. Although most patches are for Rock or Metal, there are several from associated Roland artists that can be used for other music types. The Roland companion software makes it very easy to modify or customize a tone or create your own tone and save to the library.  I definitely recommend this unit for anyone looking for a very useful guitar effects processor for their home recording studio.                 
I did not buy the Boss GT-1 from zzounds, but none the less this processor is amazing. Within the first half hour o was nothing but smiles from ear to ear. I am running this through two amps, one being a blackstar ht 40 and other being a roland blues cube stage 60. It sounds fantastic ran through two amps simultaneously. I coulsnt be happier.
Only issuse i habe with it is that i wish it had an on off switch instead of pluging and unpluging for the power.                 
I've had many effect pedals over the decades. I decided to buy the GT-1 and am very happy with it.The sound and especially the overall design.it's very easy to use                
   I have owned the Boss ME-33, Gt-6, and just recently upgraded to the Boss GT-100.  So because of that, I am only going by what I know.  This GT-100 has really impressed me...With the ease of use, the looks, and the TONE!!  I did a lot of research before pulling the trigger on this unit.  I looked at the POD 500HD, the Zoom G5, and the Mustang Floorboard.  To be honest, It was a hard choice between the POD500HD and the GT-100....but after receiving the GT-100 and plugging it in....It won me over Immediately. Online you will find forums where they
talk about the POD500HD being better as far as Amp Modeling....Don't let that fool you.  My Boss GT-100 sounds perfect!!  Yours will too!!  Manufacturer support?..I recently called them to assist in a programming situation, they were very helpful, and I didn't feel like I was "imposing" on them. zZounds....As always, your company and staff are wonderful, Thanks for everything.                
The Boss GT-100 is well made and looks awesome! The buttons are solid and you can't ask for better pedals. They are super quiet and sturdy. The dual display is great and it doesn't take too much time to figure it all out without having to read the manual. If I had to rate "User Friendly" from 1-10, 1 being "Difficult" and 10 being "Easy", I would give the Boss GT-100 a solid 8. The Boss GT-100 does lack a nice computer interface. The one that comes with it looks like it came out of Windows 95. Roland should definitely do something about that. Other than that, the GT-100 will give you hours of experimenting with endless sounds and tones... You're only limited by your own imagination.  Enjoy!      
Just got this pedal. Moving on from my GT-10. The 10 was great for studio recording via the digital IO. The 100 is a great improvement in a lot of areas, however; I'm not sure why BOSS left the SPDIF IO out of this. The software is similar to the Line 6 HD500X, but this pedal has the tones and sounds dialed in and it really doesn't take much tweaking ( if any). One last thing: I really l wish that all of these manufactures would emphasize the clean and jazz types of tones as much as they do the metal and rock style. Not all of your customers play that style.                
I have used individual pedals in the past and had grown used to them, but I always had my eye on this unit and decided to try it out and I really like it. If you decide to buy it I recommend messing with this thing for a couple of days, I made a couple patches that I like and use them all the time, to find your sound there are lots of digital knobs to tweak and pedals to shuffle around but this efx unit once you dial it in is worth every penny. Don't get frustrated, take your time and it will be well worth it.                
yes i bought mine here on zzounds 4 payments verses 3 elsewhere what can i say this thing is a monster and ive been writing a wider range of music than i did with my korg this will separate the men from the boys .not a fan of the exp.peddle as a wah ill stick to my morley. planing on getting a second for later on                
I play at my church on Sunday, so I needed something that could handle anything we do. D
I did have lots of money for a good tube amp that was large enough to complete with a b3 organ, keyboards, drums and bass. I also play keys as well. Using the gt100 through a keyboard amp is great, plenty of volume. Nice warm tones. Dose everything pretty good.                  
Just awesome. I've had just about every pedal out there and they were just ok. This one is amazing. I would recommend trying to make your own tones before purchasing some from people                
I picked this up knowing it was at the end of it's market life, but I wanted to finally own one.  COSM is starting to feel a little old, but it's still an amazing pedalboard.   The amp modeling is good, especially the clean tones.  The distortion can get a little "digital" sounding, but it's still very usable.  The effects are top notch, especially the delay and reverb.
What attracted me to this product was the routing options, specifically USB.  I do a lot of home recording on my DAW and an underappreciated feature of this board is the ability to record both a dry and wet signal to your DAW at the same time.  Reamping (routing the signal out of your DAW back into the device for processing after recording) is a great tool and something that is not found in a lot of boards.  It really gives this kit an extended life off the stage and in the studio.
6 years after launch this is still a great product!                 
Recently got the GT100, and Im really impressed how Boss has done its homework to improve the GT100 and make it really easy to use out of the box. Major upgrade in overall tone and ease, and its a snap to figure out how to use it. Definitely get this unit, dont waste money on other junk. Boss is the best DNA out there!                
First off I am not a professional and I do not tour.  I bought this for my Bass Guitar and although designed mainly for guitar, I was able to tweak and create some excellent patches for my bass!
This thing is rock solid with metal construction and I don't feel like I need to be gentle (I am though). 
As far as ZZ Sounds, get response, the item shipped as promised and arrived when scheduled.                 
The GT100 is a huge leap from the GT8, my last Boss processor.  I also own 2 other effects processor currently ( Line 6 HD500X & Digitech RP1000).  Although I love all 3 of them and they all sound great, the GT100 does have unique features the other 2 dont.  That's why I have 3 effects proccesors.  
The only complaint that I have about the G100 is that there is a learning curve when making patches.  I feel that the Line 6 & Digitech stuff is easier to program.
I just purchases from zZounds the Boss SY-300 and I can't wait to run in withe the GT100.                  
I was looking for a multi-efx pedal that could handle both acoustic and electric guitars. You'd think that in 2012 that should be easy, right? Well, not really.Let me start with the good stuff: The unit is SUPER easy to use. They really did a great job with the GUI - I haven't had to read the manual for any of its features and I was able to get into in-depth programming within a very few minutes of unpacking the unit.The clean sounds are honest and well defined - the reverb is ok but, not as good as the old BOSS SE50/70 for example - why??? I like the fact that the EQ has both LOW and HI freq FILTERS - a GREAT addition and it's available at all time.In essence the unit has a number of effect that are always available such as OD/DS, COMP., EQ, AMP, NR, DLY, CHR and REV. Then, there are 2 EFX modules which can be used to add a number of other effects. My gripe is that TWO is not always enough and I feel BOSS should have added at least a third.I am very picky about my sound so, I was really waiting to see how it would perform on clean patches, for both acoustic and electric. I have to say that I was ale to program a set of patches for my nylon and steel string acoustic that sound really natural, open and polished. No nasal overtones at all. I am impressed.I also like the clean patches I was able to program for my solid and hollow body electrics, for pop/rock and jazz. Was I don't like as much are the overdrive sounds. Just not convincing to me. To make them more palatable I had to really mess with EQ, compression and amp models.About the amp model: they do NOT sound anything like the amp they purport to represent, that's for sure. You will have to forget the "model" and imply listen for a sound you like. However, if you expect the "blackface" or "super tween" to sound anything like the real guys...forget it! Not even close. Just accept the models for what they are, not for what they are supposed to be :)For a "pro" product this unit lacks both on inputs and outputs. Should have had XLR as well as inputs for additional guitars. A big shortcoming in my opinion. Considering the Line 6 HD gives you that much and that all routing is programmable per patch, the BOSS lacks in this dept.Also lacking is support for more external pedal/switches - there is ONLY ONE, and you either plug an EXPRESSION pedal OR foot switches, but NOT both at the same time! Why? And only ONE AMP control jack - again, totally unacceptable these days. Further, no SPDIF out - again, the POD HD is way ahead of the BOSS GT-100 in this area.I was so disappointed that I had actually called Zzound to return it! However, I decided that accepting its limitations would allow me to have a unit that would sound great for CLEAN sound, for both my acoustic and electric guitars.I just have to wonder what BOSS what thinking when they designed this. They have been in the game for a long time and certain missing features should have been incorporated in this unit from the get go. It amazes me that they unit was designed without such basic features as an XLR out!                
I purchased the Boss GT-100 based on internet and YouTube reviews, which were very impressive. However, when I plugged-in and played-it, it sounded and felt like a cheap toy. Obviously an entry level floor processor mostly based on 80's era sounds. Also, the built in expression pedal was not working properly with some presets. I called Zzounds customer service and they instructed me to return it. The return process was very easy and hassle free. In my opinion....I do not recommend this product to any gigging musician. What I do recommend is to visit your local music store and try out the product until you're satisfied and then do the purchase. Internet review may be deceiving!!                
Sounds just like my Marshall. Also sounds like my twin.Very good rich tone. Actually responds to your pick like a tube amp.                
Efx are great. The ability to assign efx to the extra switch. Momentary or latching Can assign a different amp to each channel                
Very easy                
Built really tough. Something i have come to expect from boss.                
Worth every penny.                
No need to call                
Versatile and very easy to use.                
I purchased the gt 100 5 weeks ago. Im a full time musician and perform over 200 shows a year. i have always used Marshall amps and the maintenance has always been expensive and a pain to deal with. i run the gt 100 through a rocktron velocity power amp and a Marshall 412. It sounds amazing. Several local guitar players are looking to purchase and retire their tube amps after they have heard it. I have used the pod xt also the digitech rp500. The boss blows both of them away.Spend the extra money and get the boss gt100 it is superior in every way.                
Honestly idk what I was thinking when I bought this... Over priced and hard to use. It's interface is absolutely atrocious. If I'm gonna spend a lot of money on a unit, I'll buy a Line 6 Helix or Fractal. I love Boss pedals on there own, but this is just annoying.                
 I had line 6 hd 500 and rp 1000 and the boss gt 100 is the best out there for multi effects unit out there and the rp 1000 is the second best unit out there                
BEST PEDAL ON THE MARKET                
I like the BOSS GT-10 best because it has individual buttons for each of the effects so I can instantly see which effects are on/off (without having to scroll through a menu system) and edit each effect as well.  With the BOSS GT-10 you can instantly install BOSS GT-10 Patches by James Limborg.  BOSS GT-10 Patches will not instantly install into a BOSS GT-100, JS-10, or JS-8 which makes you have to manually enter in all of the BOSS GT-10 patch settings.                
Amazing sound quality, anyone that says different has no clue what they’re talking about, doesn’t know how to use it properly or just a L6 HX fanboy (troll).  I’m using a Kiesel Vader V6X with Lithium pickups and an Alto TS312 pa speaker and Audio Technica AD-1000x for sound. Main AIRD output set to recording, IR’s selected within each patch.  Definitely not the easiest multi Fx to learn but well worth it IMO. The ability to switch patches with no delay without cutting off the previous patch is absolutely a must have in my opinion.  You can customize every aspect of the signal chain, even choose the mic and placement down to the cm. I even loaded a 24bit Patch of the Mega Boogle Rectifier built for the hx just to test, sounds great but 32bit AIRD is definitely a noticeable step up when listening through high quality headphones. FYI, a lot of reviewers of this product only purchased it to review and return it. They had not spent the time to learn the product and now spread false information about it. If it can be done this unit can probably do it.                
Before I purchased the GT-1000 I was skeptical because of the reviews and a lot of people I spoke pushed the Helix. But I noticed they're mostly using humbuckers and power chords. I play a Fender Strat and I do enjoy overdrive at times. But I spoke with Boss by email and told them my concerns about the amp models between the GT-1000 and Helix and they told me ....The GT-1000 is to compete with the LINE 6 Helix and we suggest quality not quantity of sound is most important to BOSS. So I purchased the GT-1000 and I tell you I absolutely love it. It is so easy to navigate through I had no problem getting usable sounds and I was able to duplicate the entire tone setup of my pedal board which has 9 pedals on it for different songs I play at gigs and I plan to use it live on Oct. 3rd. 2018 at Ceasers Palace LV for a live test run. I am very happy with the tone and Im able to get any sound that my pedals do and much much more thank you Boss your sound has been proven musician, garage band, bedroom and Live worthy once again.                
It's awesome, simply awesome. The size factor alone makes it a winner for me. What makes it a loser for me is that Boss did not include the dang power supply. Sure, I can and will (because I have to) order a PSA 120S 500mA power supply for this unit for @ $30.00, but if Boss was halfway thinking this through it probably would cost the consumer far less. All in all, zZounds was off the chain as far as customer service and speed in getting this little adapter-less piece of Heaven to me where Musician's Friend had me on hold for 7 minutes then hung up on me. 3 stars overall because of no included power supply. What were they thinking?                 
This a great pedal, though I would have to say most of the presets I wouldn't use I do see some players might find some of the stranger presets something they could use. I do like the ease of use, the pedal is really easy to configure, the options for configuring the pedal are a lot better then I expected. It's really versatile, I have been using the Boss GT-1B Pedal more then my Sansamp  in certain situations. I highly recommend the Boss GT-1B Bass Multi-Effects Processor. For the money it's a no brainer                
OK so loved the demo's and description. This does not come with any songs, only jam tracks. I had trouble loading iTunes from my collection. (convert to mp3 or wav) but once I call boss and spoke with tech support, (peter swiadon) they really care, help and stand behind their products, I was off and jamming. This unit is awesome! Practice, take it w/you play along your favorite songs, cancel out guitar, bass or vocals, record, slow down. Family and fiends always asking me to bring and play. Its like having your own band in a small portable box. Enough, sound for a small gig or plug into speakers. Would like to see a travel bag for this, it's made for that.                
The eBand JS-10 is a fun tool in my guitar practice arsenal. The sound is very good and can be used in small settings (such as a living room or Den etc.) to entertain friends. The features I like most are the wide variety of tones available and the ability to set your tones. I also like the size of the unit. It sits comfortably on the corner of my computer desk and can be moved to any area of my house with no trouble at all (actually easier than transporting any of my guitars). I like that it doesn't need to connect my computer sound system so I can play audio or video files on my computer and my music through the JS-10. I have a UX2, which I love, that I can't play with my audio and video philes without distorting the sounds. The SJ-10 has features that I haven't even begun to explore and I'm looking forward to using those as I develop my playing skills. Don't worry! The directions are fairly easy and clear on the use of each feature. I just like to explore one feature until I become fully adept at it and then move to the next. As a practice tool it is as good as it gets and if you don't have a lot of space it is even better. I takes up very little space and can be stored easily if you don't have a practice room just for your playing. Note: I would not have rated manufacturer support because I have not had to deal with any issues as yet but I was not allowed to not rate it at all. So I gave it 5 stars just to be positive.                
"Must have" is an overused expression. It should be reserved for appropriate use.  That said, if you play electric guitar, even casually, the JS 10 is a "Must Have".  
Of all the guitar related techno-gizmos that I own, none of them come close to hours logged on the JS10.  It's the ultimate practice tool (want to really learn the Pentatonics beyond the box?) and in-house performance tool.  The developers left no stone unturned.....If you read the product description you'll ask yourself, how can this all be possible for $400?  Well, it is!  My first unit was the JS-8...I thought that was the bomb.....then upgraded to the JS-10.....better yet.  I look forward to the JS-12 if that ever becomes a reality.  
So if you're an "at-home"  player that would like to sound like you're playing in a band and at the same time have multiple ways to improve your practice sessions, don't hesitate to treat yourself to this little gem.  Boss just nailed this item, dead on!
Over and Out
It's been really fun to just scroll through songs and play along. I have discovered my weaknesses and strengths when it comes to solo's. I'ts easy to operate and plenty of options. I haven't even scratched the surface as every time I get ready to start discovering I get caught up in playing instead. Definitely good for learning to improvise and stay in key....I'm glad I got it...Thanks Pay as you Play !!!!                
The JS 10 is easy to use, sounds great, and has many styles of music available to help find and get to know any holes in your theory or technique. It's plug in and play simplicity makes it a good tool for someone as averse to programming as I. I can't say enough about how good it is!                
I can't stop playing my guitar, there is so much to do with the Boss JS-10 it's unbelievable. This was one of my best investment ever I recommend this to everybody that needs help practicing.                
Excellent box and sounds, with the ability for me to download my own backing tracks to play with. As I'm a One man Band, as it were, its great for practice and I can also use the JS-10 as a USB user interface. I just got the unit so Ive only just begin to scratch the surface. zZounds as always gives me the support I need, and allows me to Play As I Pay like nobody else on the Music Store Circuit.                
I'm really a tube snob but needed a small amp fro practices and after trying out Orange and Vox I read the reviews and decided on this one. Totally exceeds my expectations! For a solid state amp it's just unbelievable! put it on the Brown sound and crank the gain and it sounds just about as good as my Marshall. Budda and Blackstar! Just a monster. Plus great acoustic sound. A total winner!                
If you are looking at this review then you are either just starting your search or have done some homework and are seeing what others think of the Boss Katana. Here is my experience.  I had read that this Boss Katana was a non Tube tone machine that not only sounded great out of the box but when plugged into a PC/MAC offered the ability to customize your sounds.   I found all of this to be true!   I own a few Tube amps.  My favorite is a Vox AC15.  I'm not saying the Katana is better or worse but on its own,  The Katana sounds amazing.  Crispy Clear tones to ripping crunch,  you will find a sound that works for you.  I ended up going with the Katana 100 over the 50 because the 100 offers the following additional features:  effects loop, Presence control knob, and 8 tone settings (version 2 software).  As far as volume goes,  the 100 Watt is like, Crazy Loud.  Thankfully both the 100 and 50 offer a master volume control and amp wattage settings. You can run the 100 on .05 watt, 50watt, or 100watt with no tone loss.   The Katana, again, is not a tube amp but it does have characteristics of breakup just like a tube provode and just sounds amazing.   To me,  I don't care what is under the hood,  if it sounds amazing and offers ear candy to me and others then problem solved.  Get a Katana and you'll be happy.                   
No kidding.  I've had several tube amps and the boss Katana 100w 1x12 sounds about as good as any of them.  No kidding.  Where this thing excels is its ability to sound great at any volume, the effects, light weight, cost, solid state durability, and USB interface.  
I checked out blackstar I'd, line 6 spider 5 and fender GT.  Non of these felt like a tube amp.  The Marshall code was the closest but isn't in the same class as the katana.  You can roll the volume knob back and the sound cleans right up.  It's loud as s#!% for a solid state amp.
Could use a tuner but that's it's only flaw.                  
Boss actually did it. I use A.R.T. DST 825`s 830`s and 8080`s.Manufactured from 97-99. They were over a grand new. Now they are aging and I have been looking for a suitable sound to give my aging non-repairable amps a rest. The Boss is slightly not as warm. But this amp is almost an exact duplicate sound wise. I have owned many Marshall tube amps including custom stacks that they only made a 200 limited run. I owned a Dumble modified 1974 Hiwatt Dr201. If I were to keep going this page would be full. This amp even produces tube harmonics. Where I goofed, I bought the 100 watt 1x12. So now I am going to decide to buy the 2x12 or the 100 watt head. Maybe even both? Look if you want a responsive amp? That will show your talent. Grab one. And I would recommend the 100 watt. They may say no, but there is a difference in sound between the power settings and the 100 watt setting is the best one. At times you can hear it is digital but you have to really have an ear. Definitely worth it and actually more. Get One or two!!! I will give support a 5 but will not need them. P.S. I ran every note I play through this amp , Near perfect sound not muddy or the digital fall apart most digital amps have. It took it. Made very well and the tilt foot is a good idea. I know my old Fender from 65-66 had the tilt arms, But Boss put lots of thought into this amp!                
This amp is the ultimate game changer. All those elusive tones I've been chasing have been captured. I've been giging with the Katana 100 for a little over a month now and my jcm 2000 half stack, Fender twin, and dual showman have taken a back seat. Light, powerful, awesome tones. I could go on and on. Tube dudes, stop tripin,  this is the best amp ever. Ordered Thursday and it came the next day. zZounds you da bomb.                
I've been looking for this amp for quite a while. I started with the line 6 modeling pedals, roland modeling pedals, something was missing, so I switched to a peavey modeling amp and all fell short. I was looking for a warmth, a chunk, a drive, whatever you might call it, it's a sound made by a tube amp, that just touching the strings you feel that power, that drive. Well, boss nailed it with this amp. My recordings are way clearer, now my guitar sounds with a professional grade. I bought a blemished version, I really didn't see anything wrong with it and saved big.  I also used the zZounds 4 payments option. Was shipped and received fast.                
I already have the 50 watt version which I love, but I needed something that has more push and headroom. The 100 watt with the single 12" speaker fits my needs perfectly. I like the added benefit of the presence control when using Humbuckers. People say these Katanas are digital, but they're not. The effects are, but the quality of said effects are fantastic. I'm so happy that the Katana has a built in Blues Driver. Excellent boost and overdrive. The overdrive channels are absolutely great and perfectly usable. I've read reviews that the Katana line doesn't model "boutique" amps very well. That's actually the beauty of this line. They have their own sound. Get into the sneaky amps if you want to model some amps. I fully enjoy the Katana's own unique sounds. The amp has plenty of power and clean headroom for most venues. It'll plug straight into a PA system if you need more sound coverage and saturation. I'm thrilled with this line of amps.                
I haven't done much if any reviews for anything ever. But this amp is definitely worthy of a few mins to hopefully help someone that may be thinking about this amp. I've had Line6 spiders, the Peavey Vyper when they first came out. Marshalls, the 5150 etc. all are freaking awesome but for a family guy that doesn't even play out, they're overkill. Hell, I recently sold off my newer Vyper2 after this little beast arrived at my door. The Katana sounds fantastic. Period. No matter what type of tone you're looking for, it's in this amp. You know that you like at least like some of the Boss pedals. Don't lie! Though I don't use many effects myself, there's enough to come up with any sounds you might want. At the same time, you don't need a degree in engineering to access everything. Plus, I don't need a thousand presets. Four should be enough for us mere mortals. The ability to make and save some to pull in with the software is plenty for me. It's also super easy to doThe software is straight forward. Yes, there's 55 pedals you can download and play with, and they're all easy enough to dial in. There is a setting in the interface that will put your effects in before or after the power section. And yes, you can absolutely hear the difference. Honestly, i did do a little reading on some of these pedals to help me really understand what they're really meant for and HOW to use them for myself. Effects loop is great to have. The aux in is what it is so don't expect too much when playing along with your device of choice. The output sounds good enough for basic use. A serious home studio type of person isn't looking to buy this product. That's fine. But this amp can get the job done. The 12" speaker seems good. Your neighbors could potentially hate you when you turn this thing up. Which brings me to the power selector. Basically, you can have that cranked up to freaking 11 sound at extremely low volumes. That's something that IMHO has been a feature that other amps in this category just suck at. Mine stays on the .5 watt setting most of the time. It's still loud enough to drown out most people's little sound bars and what not. My wife and kids can back me up that, lol. 50 watts will do with a drummer and bass player. 100 watts is the way to be, just as long as your other guitar player isn't bringing a half stack to the party, lol. This model has only one speaker so, duh... it will only get but so loud. Certainly the 2x12 is louder. It's not rocket science. It would have been nice to include a footswitch. Though for $99, it's cheap enough to buy later. It's interesting to me that you can add two expression pedals to that footswitch too. Though most of us are going to use our wah of choice here anyway. Am I right? Yes, i am. lol. I suppose I'd be open to getting one to use as a volume pedal. But that's why i put a treble bleed circuit in my Les Paul too. I only put a little electro harmonics boost and vox wah in front. I've tried a cpl if delays and chorus thru the loop. They sound great as expected but the delays built in are enough for my use. I'm not a modulation effect guy myself. At the end of the day, this amp should really please anyone. No matter their chosen genre of music. Best practice amp with built in effects available today. It takes pedals great. If you have a multi effect unit, go with the four cable connection. The damn Katana is the hot lick. Check it out!                
From Super clean to Brown, I love the sweet tones this amp produces. It has plenty of power and sounds fantastic at any volume. With all the built-in effects and Boss Tone Studio I am able to fully customize and set up 8 presets for quick access.                
I'm thoroughly enjoying this amp. Haven't gigged with it yet but i love the sound and effects. Struggling a bit with the online ToneCenter editting of the effects, but the amp itself is great.                 
It is true that this amp can put out very good tone- but it is limited. All of the extras that they added are not very good- think of this like a 2 channel tube amp without the tubes -if you want that then buy it...if you want to use it and set up a varied array of channels and sounds to play in a band that does a wide variety of music then this will not work for you.  I thought I was upgrading from the fender mustang- this amp does have a better clean tone and a slightly more natural punch, but it falls very short setting up channels and effects- the effects are not very good and the fact that if you select one of 3 pedal chains for the effects- that is the chain all of your saved sounds have to use.  I bought it with the foot controller- you can save 8 pre sets.. 2 banks of 4- but if you are on one channel and you want to be able take off an effect - you cannot switch to another channel without getting out of that effect mode- the mustang with the 2 pedal set up can go up and down your settings and also add/remove effects on the fly. again- if you aren't someone who needs to have a lot of different settings then this amp might be a good deal at 399$  you may be better off getting a few pedals to use- this amp is a good fit for pedals-
the one thing I did like on their software was the ability to select a premade tone from an upload and play it through the amp while connected to the computer without download.  I was very disappointed in the effects causing the horrible fuzz at the end of notes that most of these kinds of product do, and the noise gate included was as good as the one on the mustang.  I wanted to like this amp and be able to use it for gigs, but it did not offer what I needed.                
I was very frustrated in the begining, i couldn't get the amp to work with my Mac OS X, i needed to update the firmware before using it with tone studio, firmware update instructions were very confusing to say the least, after the update and tweaking on the screen for hours i got the amp to sound like anything i want, from easily best SRV sound i ever heard to Gary Moore Santana and even Metal stuff, also on high gain the amp is still becoming kinda fizzy, with headphones however the sound is less natural and a bit digital, but through the speaker the amp sounds very good, keep in mind you will need a lot of patience with this amp, it sounds pretty bad right out of the box, but once you get it hooked up to the tone studio, you can make it sound great.                
I Don't understand glowing reviews, must be Stockholm syndrome, yes it is inexpensive and gives you a lot on paper, but it sounds terrible, clean channel is good, everything else is just thin and brittle, every guitar sounds the same through this thing, every channel from crunch to brown is exactly the same but with added digital distortion the dynamics don't change at all, reverb is the worst i have heard since i started playing the guitar 25 years ago when i had digital zoom multi effects, brown channel however must be the worst one on this thing lol EVH would be laughing hard, 
i also run latest version of Sierra on my mac, and after downloading the driver and boss studio i have connected the amp only to be greeted by message that i must install updated software lol, well there isn't any i just installed it from roland's website, the amps is a joke and someone had to trash it, well let it be me. PS i also own Yamaha THR10x purchased from here as well, and it sounds magnificent with headphones or without, reverbs are insane and connectevity is a breeze, so there is digital technology that sounds as good as valves but in this amp, don't beleive paid you tubers and play one before you order it, i guarantee it will make your ears bleed.                
As with any new amp, there is usually sooo much hype in the beginning.  I wanted to wait until the honeymoon phase was over for the folks who had already bought one.  Well, I waited and the praise for this amp just kept on coming.  Right out of the box, this amp sounded HUGE.  As you have probably read on various forums, ~25 additional amps and numerous effects have already been unlocked within the firmware.  The Katana really cuts through the mix, and doesn't have the digital "artifacts" that plague other digital amps.  I'm just completely blown away.  Try a Katana, you have nothing to lose.  Roland certainly hit a home run with this one.......                
I did a lot of research before I purchased this amp. I could have got by with the one speaker, but I wanted two. I was going to say, "for the price" but  that is a injustice from where I sit. The tones and variations of tones is remarkable. The only other amp I would have bought is the Vox AC30, but the sound and price of this Boss was something I could not pass up.                
This amp is amazing!! It does home volume extremely well, while at the same time can literally drown out a drummer if you want to. You can only use three effects at a time, and one of those effects can only be reverb.. The effects are quite good with the weakest of the lot being the reverb.. The chorus is incredible and the booster distortion models are almost perfect!! The feel of this amp and the power section are the stars of the show!! I have done a few patch demos and other videos on my youtube channel... Check them out if you would like... Hubie H is the channel.
I was a bit skeptical but gave it a shot. Great tone out this amp for a solid state amp. Great for practice and playing in band setting. Iv done both and this thing is really loud and clear. Most solid state amps loose character when played at loud volumes. been playing for 25 years. Have played through probably every tube amp out there. I'm not saying this thing sounds exactly like a tube amp. It has the character of it though. Well worth the purchase. Iv had it for 2 months and there are so many tones i am still getting out of it. Give it a try Boss really out did themselves.                  
I have had many amps over the years, both solid-state & tube. This amp beats all solid-state amps I have owned. It is very responsive to your playing and the built-in effects are top notch. I can practice at a low wattage at home and not bother anybody or take to band practice and sound awesome at 50W...pedal friendly                
Just to be clear, I got the BOSS Katana-50 to use as a small, powerful, clean, full voiced amp platform for a modeling pedal (Fender Mustang Floor). For that purpose this amp would be tough to beat at any price, much less $199 IMHO. The on-board amp tones and effects are totally worthy, although I must say the all overdriven amp selections filter too much low end for my tastes. To be fair, it is sold as the Katana that will "Cut Through" as it says right on the factory carton. I use the "Clean" setting with the gain at about noon. It sounds great. BTW, I could totally use the amp as a grab and go. The on-board tones and effects are first rate. It's light, small, and loud in the right way. Recommended. P.S. I'm really hoping this amp proves to be as rugged and reliable as the other BOSS/Roland products I have owned and used. They have all been rock solid.                
I especially like the fact that it's easy to set up and play. No programming, just plug and play out of the box.  Depending on your style of music you should definitely take advantage of the software and update your presets.  the K50 now has the ability to store 4 presets (used to be only 2) via the software update.  I use a Boss FS-7 pedal to switch these 4.
Warning: this thing is LOUD. I really like the wattage feature to bring it down when playing at home.
My only complaint about the K50 is the lack of an FX loop.  I have a very old Dean Markley (oddly, named K50 as well) that has FX loop, line out, etc. Although the K50 takes pedals well, not having the FX loop limits the use of a looper pedal, which I often use. If you use any type of looper, you know what I mean. And again, using pedals only to layer effects over effects outside of the programmable ones via the software.  I have a few TC Electronic effects (Dark Matter, Dreamscape, Mini Comp) that I prefer over Boss.
Would still recommend the Katana as it sounds very good, especially after you've dialed in your tones and presets.  From what I've read, it gets better after the speaker breaks in.
Disclaimer:  the unit I received was making a crackling noise as if there was a loose instrument cable shorting out, poor grounding, or a 'confused' noise gate. I tried several guitars, cables, power outlets and it still had the noise. Mostly noticeable while not playing, just plugged in. I've returned it to Zzounds and a new unit is on its way.                
I recently received the  Katana 50 and shortly after sold my Bugera V22 and my Yamaha THR5. the ease of use of this amp is great, and it does sound great after you take your time to dial it in.  IMHO its much better sounding the Roland cube amp (excluding the blues cubes) the effects are good but they are Boss so if you dont like boss effects, you might want to try some pedals. I have not tried pedals in it but from my understanding, it takes them well. its a very light amp, Which makes it feel cheaper to me. and the only reason i knocked features down a little is that it would have been nice to have a tuner on it.   the facts that i can change the wattage is fantastic and it does sound good at lower volumes but i have noticed that it reacts as a tube amp would in that it sounds better turned up.  If you are a gigging musician go for the 100 watt i think it would be better for the clean channel to cut through the mix.
it sounds great and could very well replace your cheaper tube amps (bugera come to mind) but it certainly will not replace my mesa boogie express.                 
I bought this as a practice amp. I haven't used it outside of my house, but I have no doubt it could keep up with a drummer for band practice, a small gig, or a larger gig if mic'd up. 
All of the amp models sound great. I love the effects. I would be nice if there were more options for running the effects together however you want, but that's probably reserved for the 100 watt version. It took a few minutes to understand how the effects knobs worked, but it was fairly intuitive. The amps real potential opens up once you hook it up to your computer with the not-included OMNIHIL/usb cable. 
It would have been nice for Boss to include the footswitch instead of it being an optional extra purchase. It's not really needed if you're jamming at your house alone, but I would want one for a gig.
Overall, this thing rocks. I'd definitely recommend it. This solid state stuff has come so far compared to the old Peavey transtube stuff my friends and I had way back in high school.                 
This amp is great. It clear at all volumes and gets very close to the tube sound. Great tones and very loud. Also, the 5 different channels are great as well as the effects on the amp and being able to download from the Boss Studio. zZounds was great. 4 payment of $55 no credit check. Awesome. Nothing touches this amp for the price. Even more expensive ones aren't as good.                
I'll be really quick with this. It's a great amp,perfect for playing at home, I guarantee loud enough for a drummer.  I haven't gotten too far into the effects or computer stuff yet, but this is really split and play amp. Its not trying to sound like a jcm or a fender or a Mesa, it just sounds GREAT. I've owned plenty of other amps, orange, Marshall, Peavey tube amps, and this amp can compete for tone.
Bottom line is I WISH we had this sort of stuff when I was learning to play. Technology has come VERY far.                
Great amp. 50 watts with a 12" speaker,  amazing sounding onboard effects (Boss brand too!!). I can't turn the volume up past .5 (1/2) or else the neighbors complain. it has the power for gigs.  Clean channel is really crisp, bright and clear.  The overdrive channels are great also.  You can get basically any tone from this amp with the right twerking.  Definitely worth the money.                 
Boss Katana-50 is a nice little light weight practice amp that sounds decent enough. Got tired of dragging 40lb+ amps around for weekly practices. Also tired of putting my gigging amps through the wear and tear and daily practice grind. You have to play with it for awhile to dial in the sounds you need but this little 50w amp gets it done. I use mainly for practice at home and I have even used it at our regular weekly band practice and it will keep up and it will cut through the mix. It doesn't sound totally awesome but for the price and ease of use, it ain't too bad!                
I'll list the CONS first.- I think there's something wrong with the default software. When you turn the amp back on, it starts on different settings then what everythin' is turned to.There's free software on their website to connect a computer to. It's really a minor setback for the value of this amp.- The clean channel doesn't want to work with my Ibanez AS73, but the acoustic channel does the trick.-Remembering all your settings after if you tweak the other amp styles. This just takes a week or so to get used to.PROS:-Lots of varied sounds, especially because my guitar has 2 tone and 2 volume knob won the a 3 position switch.-Plenty loud for anyone wanting to get that feel of playing live, loud concerts.-Great price at $220.                
Between this technology and Quilter, there really are toneful options to Tube Amps. Some time and experimenting is needed to get things dialed in properly because the settings are very responsive and interactive. If this model had a true line out, it would be a perfect small venue amp. I have used it on large stages with a mic and it pushes a lot of air for its size. I never bring my heavy to e machines anymore to live gigs                
This is an addendum to my other review above. I have found "peace" with respect to taking advantage of the Katana Air's wireless capabilities. When used in the house, which is how I use it exclusively, I simply leave the amp itself plugged into the wall and fully charge the transmitter. I then plug it into my guitar of choice and leave it there. The light should glow green when plugged into ones guitar. When done using it, hang up your guitar and let the transmitter be. It will power down until you pick up the guitar again. I also press the Power Button on the amp until it is the only button illuminated. It glows orange and is the only button lit on the panel. If you've fresh batteries. you certainly can disconnect from the wall plug and go truly wireless......you give up 30 watt output for 20 watts when running on batteries and charge time for the transmitter becomes less predictable. All things considered, the Katana Air is a unique item, that once understood by its owner can be indeed liberating.                
I may be mis-reading the manual but I've yet to figure out how to keep the wireless transmitter charged. I'm not new at this having gotten Line 6's wireless transmitters when they first arrived on the scene. They were easy to use and worked as advertised. While I am a huge Roland/Boss fan, I'm thinking they may have missed the mark in the "ease of use" category on the Katana Air. From a sound perspective, the amp, when plugged into a wall socket sounds great; just what you'd expect from a Katana amp. And when the transmitter is fully charged, the same can be expected. The problem arises when trying to figure out how to keep it charged. When running the amp on batteries only, this seems this seems to be problematic in that the amp stops charging the transmitter when the batteries are low. The problem is you don't know the transmitter is dead until you try and use it.My most predictable approach is to plug in the amp with the provided DC cable and do my charging while the amp is "hard-wired" to the juice coming from a wall socket.Once the transmitter is fully charged, in this manner, I can disconnect the amp and run it on a fresh set of batteries. This will afford you a "temporary" wireless operation. The transmitter that I received didn't have any where's near the claimed lifespan. I'd be curious to see how other's experience with the Katana Air played out. I will keep fiddling with the KA and if I discover what it takes to make it truly wireless, I'll get back to you in a follow up review. Strangely I did keep this item, hoping for a downloadable software cure.There is a nice free ap that accompanies the KA.....It allows you to change all of the amp's audio settings and to download free patch sets. This works well with my iPhone 7+.                
I am very happy I got this amp. I haven't bought a new combo amp for a long time so I figured now was a good time seeing all the praise for this thing. When I first got it I thought it sounded good... a few nights of playing and it sounds awesome. The knobs are very sensitive and you can get a bunch of different tones with a lot of patient tweaking. The speaker also sounds great after a few days of consistent playing. So far my favorite rock/shred tone is the crunch with limited gain and the overdrive at the lowest setting. Very clear and fine attack with great tone. I have not used the delays, reverb and chorus to a great extent but they sound fine so far. Very easy to use and practical. I am also a classical guitarist and will try out my contact microphone through the acoustic channel at some point and a cheaper guitar with a built in mic. Great amp, great deal with the foot switch as well!                
I stoped gigging many years ago and got rid of all of my tube amps (marshall, fender, peavey, carvin).  The past years I have just been recording music at home and I run my guitar through my studio and processors which worked well for me. I decided that maybe it is time to buy a small amp for more depth.  I am a huge fan of boss effects and I heard alot of good things about the Katana series amps.  When the Katan Artist amp was announced I knew that I had to get one.  I am in no way disappointed at all with this amp.  I bought the big footswitch and the optional bank switch pedal and now I have an 8 channel amp.  This is a great.  The ToneStudio software is awesome too, I have been using it for a few years now with my other boss equipment.  This amp is loud, but I have to use it on the lowest power setting as I live in a condo and I don't want to piss off the neighbors, but everyonce and I while I'll crank it up and it sounds fantastic.  It loves my other pedals and sounds so clean.  A very good alternative to a tube amp.  Plus it's not that heavy either.                
One of the best solid-state amp deals on the planet. I use the Panel setting channel, the one that works like a regular knob-turning amp head delight, for my pedal board. I use the 4 channel footswitch, sold extra, to control the 4 pre-set channels. Except, BOSS upgraded the firmware for Katana head and it holds 8 pre-set channels,all accessed via footswitch. The software, Boss Tone Central, works flawlessly if you follow directions. Amazing control of genuine BOSS pedals inside this here amp! I use the on-board speaker for a practice amp but we  have a 1-10" cab, a 2-12" cab, and a 4-12" cab to use when needed. This amp rocks them all.                 
Hard to update, but man this thing sounds exactly the way I want to sound both recording and playing it through my 4x12 cab, I just plug it from my Rec Out to my Universal audio MKII Interface and thats it WOW such a Big rock sound and clean or Heavy WOW! I found my sound after buying a million Guitar plugins, Thanks Boss                
Your not going to find a better amp for the money.  I know it sounds cliche but it's the truth.  If your a fan of Boss pedals, you're in for a real treat.  They're built in!  There is software to tweak this.  There were Win10 issues but I believe they have been fixed.  And even with out the software, you can tweak various built in effects and save them and then recall the whole recipe with a push of a button.  I do that a lot!  I wish there were more storage buttons!  And for a solid state amp the tones are pretty amazing for all genres.                
This amp kicks azz. Watch some reviews on YouTube. Amazing range of tones and affects. I don't believe there is a tone this amp can't make, its that good. Love it. Thanks again for the great price and fast shipping zZounds!                
This amp kicks azz. Watch some reviews on YouTube. Amazing range of tones and affects. I don't believe there is a tone this amp can't make, its that good. Love it. Thanks again for the great price and fast shipping zZounds!                
I just purchased a Boss Katana head and I am very disappointed to find that Boss Tone Central is currently unavailable for windows.  Boss Tone Central is the primary interface for editing and programming effects with this amplifier and let me repeat myself on this: IT IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR WINDOWS COMPUTERS.
The amp DOES NOT COME WITH THE SOFTWARE.  The software is only available for download and is currently only available for IOS operating systems.
 How am I supposed to make the most of this amp when the most important part of the modeling interface is completely unavailable?
This key flaw makes the modeling aspect of this amp virtually useless.
I would also like to bring up another key flaw that makes this product less appealing compared to other amplifiers in this price range. This amp does not come with a footswitch. Even more troublesome for customers like myself, the Roland GA-FC (currently priced at $99 US dollars) is still on back order at every major music retailer. 
The lack of availability of a foot switch plus the extra cost of the footswitch itself makes this amp very undesirable in comparison to other amplifiers in this price range.
I am very tempted at this point to return this product.  Boss has really dropped the ball on this one.
I could have bought a Fender Mustang V for $50 less and none of this would be an issue.  All of the Fender Mustangs effects and modeling/editing features are built right into the amp.  Not only does the Fender Mustang come with a footswitch, it even comes with a built in tuner.  Needless to say, the Boss Katana does not even have that simple feature.  
The Boss Katana Head is neither a symbol of honor or precision as their slogan reads, but rather the epitome of complete incompetence from the Boss/Roland corporation.
Take my advice, either get a Fender Mustang V or a Line 6 Spider IV because this amp is trash.                
Simply put, Boss' new Katana Mini has assumed top of the hill status when considering a small, light weight amp that has an assortment of convincing tones and effects and can run on batteries alone. The previous fly weight contender, the 5 watt Black Star Fly, will now be relegated to the bargain table. Boss added two watts, extra voices and managed to maintain its fly (feather) weight status. For a small inexpensive practice amp, it will be tough to beat the Katana Mini. In fact at the moment consider this new Boss offering to be the King of the Hill in the Fly weight class. And yes, you can purchase an AC adapter if batteries don't do it for you. Hats off to Boss. They get it!!                
I own the Katana head and I love it. Run that bad boy through a vintage Marshall 4x12 and it’s magical, however sometimes I want to sit and watch a movie while shredding and this is was my solution. Shred at the office. Shred at the beach. Shred in space. No limits! 
The sound quality is wonderful and this little champion pumps out some serious volume. The clean channel sparkles while the crunch channel sounds so frickin’ AC/DC it’s not even funny. It responds well to your playing for actual musical dynamics. The Brown channel is great and does what it should but I loooove the crunch on this mini better. Metal heads will not be disappointed though, it gets the job done for practice purposes without ruining inspiration like the horrible Line 6 things. 
The delay on the amp is simple and great. I wish they would have squeezed reverb in as well but we have pedals for that if necessary. 
Once again BOSS does it again for a price so low it’s practically free.                
Clean crunch and brown you can get a good tone out of all 3. Delay is ok. Turn down the time and crank the level and u got reverb kind of. I have the Blackstar fly 3 and its dam good for the money. Imho the katana surpasses the fly 3. This box rawks. I played it for 3 hours when i got it. Tried it with Duncan JB/59 then EMG retro active humbuckers and active single coils. Then my deluxe Roadhouse strat. Then Dimarzio in my vintage Talon II... There's a reason people are talking about the Katana. I could tell you but if you buy one you will know why immediately. Get it from zZounds and your good to go. Got mine in 1 day and no shipping charge. Thanx zZounds. The Katana mini put a smile on my face. Almost as good as sex lol err um not really but it will make u wanna play. Get one now.                
I have been using this for a few weeks now and I love it's flexibility. I have used it as both a standard A/B/Bypass switch and as basically an on board mixer. As a pedal board mixer, it basically works like a Blender. I dial line A in at about -25% and keep line B (my main effects line) at 12'o clock and i can mix in my ambient effects without drowning out my main sound. This is a great feature for me...The flaw? It doesn't have a "Y" setting in the A/B loop. So I cannot go from A to B to A&B combined. If I want to use A&B combined (like the Blender example above), it only goes between A&B and Bypass.                
I had a problem w/ my BD 2 amping up so much louder than my other pedals that my volume pedal was useless.  I tried turning down volume on my GE 7 but that affected the tone.

I tried out this unit, ran it thru A channel and my MM 4 looped thru B and everything else straight thru.

The result is a balanced sound and I didn't lose that wonderful BD2 tone!!                
I like the ability to switch between 2 channels and simultaneously use other pedals w/ each channel.  I like the separate volume controls.  It's a dream and I'm getting one!                
It's Boss, built like a tank and built quality.  What else can you say?                
It's on sale now for around $80.  Great deal. 

I'm not real sure about other brands.  I'm a BOSS man mostly.
                
Yes.  I called Boss because of my volume problems.  After talking to the tech he recommended this unit.  Guess what?  He was dead on RIGHT!  

I like that :D                
sex appeal?  Get real!  But I really do want it!                
I don't anticipate replacing it.  If I did my wife would kill me LOL                
Does exactly what it's suppose to and  has that Boss durability.                
When your ready to admit your a pure pedal addict, this is the "no-noise", "no-click" solution !....lets you keep yourGATE SETTINGS at every volume!!!!!!BUY THIS  the get George L's.... and wire two channels without fear off noise or loose !!!!                
I really don't have anything else to compare the sound to, but, I really like the quality switching of the LS-2.                
This pedal does exactly what I wanted it to do, switch two acoustic guitars with pickups on and off and allow me to set the level of each.  We now have two LS-2 in series for switching three guitars on and off.  I call the LS-2 my floor mini-mixer.                
Piece of cake to setup and use.  With two LS-2s we can switch three or four guitars on and off quickly.                
Is this product made well?  It's a Boss pedal, it really is built to last.                
We all want things to be cheaper these days, I think this pedal is a pretty good value.  A simple switch may have worked in our application, but the features of this pedal made the cost worth it for me.                
A pedal is a pedal is a pedal to me.  It works and it works well, that's what I am really interested in.                
I expect this pedal will be used for a LONG time.  I can't imagine playing without it.  I do wish it had a mode for passing the A+B inputs to either the A, B or OUT outputs, but I have easily learned to work around that.  It would be a great feature though.                
I really don't think I could undersell you on this pedal. For the price of one high end "boutique" modulation pedal you get a vast array of modulation tones ranging from the must haves to the ones you never knew you wanted until you hear them on the MD 500. All of the presets sound incredible and give you an excellent idea of what this pedal is capable of, the only effects I've been underwhelmed by are the Univibe and Rotary effects, to my ears those two are far from faithful to the originals and sound quite bad. The chorus, flanger, phaser and octave are all top notch and could easily take down many of their analog counterparts. I mean the sound is so pristine it's almost 3D. I've only just begun to edit my own patches but so far I have indeed been able to dial in perfect versions of each effect for basically any situation you can think of, the versatility of this thing is nearly endless. You can recreate damn near any chorus etc tone you can think of and edit parameters not found outside a studio usually. I know I'm rambling so I'll just close out the review by stating that I could easily see this being the last modulation pedal I'll ever need. I prefer analog delay hands down, so I didn't bond with the DD 500, my reverb needs are limited to spring (which I have), but for modulation effects like chorus, I may just prefer digital now. Never thought I'd say that, but it's true (with this pedal).                
As soon as I plugged in the pedal, the first words out of my mouth were... "damn". This thing is nice! It gives you alot of tone, that was somthing that I wasn't expecting when I got it. The pedal is built nice. The volume/effects pedal itself has a nice feel to it, lots of control nice up and down movement. The tuner is great.                
Compressor/Limiter - Lots of control. These are nice but some of them you can't tell the differnce between them.

Distortion/Synth - The Distortions are good, snyth's are kinda lame... but I don't play techno so who cares?

Delay/Modulation - The Delay is kick ass I fun messing with that. Flange is good, Phaser is great, Chorus and Delay = My favorite effect.

Filter/Tone - The Tone pedals defretter, wha, and enhancer are great also. Wha effects on the expresion pedal are nice, the octaves are not worthy to a digitech whammy pedal but close.

Expresion Pedal - The Wah pedal is good, Resonance can give you some really wierd sounds, the Octaves on the expression pedal are great to mess with, soundhold is a good pratice tool, and the Kick drum effect is by far one of the coolest things to use to practice or rub in your drummers face.                
Built great.                
This is worth every penny. I love this pedal!                
Good support just go to there site and you find any information you need.                
Everyone that I have shown it too has had nothing but good things to say, after they caught there breath again.                
I'll be satisfied for a long time I do believe                
It's a great gizmo for bass players of all abilities. easy to use and very versatile. I have been gigging with it for about a year now and I think it's worth every penny!                
I was surprised at how good this pedal sounds.... It has all the useful effects that a bassist would need.... The thing is built like a tank... I highly recommend it to anyone who is tired of having to handle a ton of pedals and cords...                
I just got this a few days ago but, I've been playing with it non stop. This thing is great. I'm running it from the output into a Red Box classic on the 1x12 setting and, then to the board for late night headphone jamming and recording. It's awesome for this. Way better then amp sims. The filter section isn't of much use to me and the delay modulation I pretty much use just a small touch of chorus otherwise the rest is wasted on me. The volume/wah pedal mean nothing to me either I don't use them. The distortions are great, those I do use. They give you bass specific distortions without sucking the low end out of my tone. The eq and compressor sections are worth the price of admission alone. Smooth useable bass tones from this section. The compressor section is amazing. Bass compression with multiple flavors that all work as advertised. The noise suppressor dial on the back of the unit is also very worth mentioning although almost nobody does. It's very effective and quiets my little Mustang bass right up. I'm getting awesome tone straight to the board and into my DAW using the combo of this unit and the Red Box. I highly recommend this combo to anybody trying to work late at night without waking up the neighbors. I expect this unit to last a very long time as with all my Boss products. I'm still using a couple of Boss half rack effects from the 80's in my vocal rig. Still got Boss pedals from that era in the line up as well. Never actually owned a Boss product that quit working for anything other then user error. Like when my ex threw my chorus pedal in the lake.                 
This unit sounds amazing.  I bought it mostly for its distortions, but using other effects in combonation with distortion can get you some very harsh tones, and some more usable ones.  I think you could use this with any kind of music.  I dont think I will ever need another pedal.                  
The big feature on the ME-50B is dedicated knobs for each effects section.  This makes things very easy to understand, especially if you are working with 2 or more effects.  I am still a little sore that boss pedals just dont come with the AC adapter.  Everybody buys one.                
This pedal is invincible.  All the knobs are tough, and so is the expression pedal.  Its perfect for on stage use.                
For all the effects jammed into here, this is the best value you will find.                
Its got so much cool stuff that you just have to have it. I probably wont ever find any usable effects out of half the stuff... but i still love messing around with it.                
This products is amazing.  If you buy it you will not be dissapointed.  This is the perfect toneshaping device, and it dosent have all that amp/cab stuff that you wont use anyway to jack up the price tag.                
I've owned a couple of fx boxes but this one is pretty sweet.  Just the right amount of effects and a built in expression pedal.  Good times.                
Expression pedal, built in 4 band eq w/ master level, lots of compression options, noise suppressor, easy interface, quick editing at your fingertips, and tons of effects.  Yeah this thing is freakin sick.  There is so much noise you can generate that it's silly.  SILLY!                  
Heavy.  Metal.  Blue.  This thing is meant to be stepped on, remember?                
You bet.  If $300 is burning a hole in your wallet then get this thing.  You'll be glad you did.                
No problems at all - but if this thing is truly boss then I don't see one anytime soon.                
Oooooh yeah ... get some!                
If you have some dough laying around then do yourself a favor and get it.  Trust me, you'll poop when you get your hands on it.  I doubt I'm going to need to get anything to replace this.                
Awesome distortions and phaser/flanger sounds. Love the expression pedal. I like the t-wah for funky stuff. Defretter is great!                
i really like the knob-based design of this unit. I can dial up any sound I want in a minute or two. The unit should come with a power supply instead of batteries. everyone is going to buy the wall-wart anyway.                
Really easy to dial up any sound and write it to a bank. One read through the manual had me going quickly.                
The usual Boss quality. Made for stage use.                
If you're looking for an easy to use multi effects unit, this one is it! You get great sounds by turning the knobs and you don't need to be a software wiz to use it.                
Haven't needed it yet, but I would expect nothing less from Boss.                
Put it this way: I went in looking for a bass POD XT LIVE, and left with this one.                 
I don't expect to buy another multi-effects unit. Ever. This is it.                
Has everything you will need. You can program it to your specs. Good quality. Has expression pedal. Get the power supply, batteries ware out quickly.                
Too bad it's all digital but they did a good job concidering that. Only the synth part is really dodgy, you need to change all settings to get that sounding good. But it's usable wheter you play funk, jazz, rock or pop. I'm not too sure about metal, since it hasn't got any really dark things, but I don't play metal anyway so f^$& that.                 
All made of metal so it's a tank, the usual boss quality. Very useful is the expression pedal, compression and the tuner is also very welcome. It hasn't got amp modeling, but the effects have been given better attention to. 

If you have a 2 option footswitch use it, instead of buying 2 FU-5's. My amp switch works on it.                 
Tank built. No more to say.                 
A bit expensive, but when you've bought it, really worth it's price.                 
Never had to deal with them ,but for what I've heard boss has a good customer service                
It looks really attractive, since it's only turning knobs, and little menu's to scroll through. When you've bought the footswitches it's even easier. The colour is dark blue, lighter than the guitar version. Looks good                
Just another great pedal by boss, especially when you don't want to buy all analog pedals. This covers most needs.                 
I haven't used many bass effects pedals, so can't say "the best", but of the ones I've used, and after messing with various guitar effcts with bass, I have to say I'm very satisfied.                
Again, haven't used them all, so can't say "best", but it's got more than I'll ever use. Compression is great, distortions are smooth and obviously tailored to bass. Chorus, delay, flange and phaser sound good. Wah lacks character (I'm not even sure what I mean by that), but for my rare use is adequate.                
Very easy to set up. That's why I wanted knobs instead of menus. Plays well with others (I use it to record into a DAW. Beats the devil out of the available amp sims such as SVX and Guitar Rig). There's always a learning curve, but all ya gotta do is lean down and turn a knob, not memorize a freakin' computer interface!                
Have used Boss products forever. Built like a tank, never had a problem (I also have a ME70 that I've had for a while).                
Yes, though it could've come with an ac adapter.                
The best support is the one you never need.                
This is a "toy". I don't need it to make good music (been playing over 40 years). It adds "color" and is fun to play with, make freaky noises and such. I Like it! That said, I probably wouldn't have bought it if it was pink, yellow or green. The dark blue color is perfect.                
Can't imagine needing anything else for bass, but you never know. If it disappeared I'd replace it in a minute.                
Having owned 2 Boss floor processors (GT-3, GT-8) I must say I could not be more unhappy with this garbage. If Zzounds offered any other bass floor processor with more than a couple effects and an expression pedal, I'd have sent it back and got something different. It reminds me of one of the cheaper junk guitar processors in the $150 range, really stripped down on the functionality. As it was, I was stuck needing something quick, so yeah... zZounds, you do a great job otherwise; please offer a bass multi fx unit that isn't either minimal fx choices with good quality, or a bunch of crap jammed in a box like I grossly overpaid for. If you do, I'll buy it.                
Got sounds that you would expect from a boss pedal.  A lot of great sounds, and some that are not needed.                
Great features.  Solid EQ, solid sound.  Expression pedal is excellent!! Just doesnt come with a power adapter.                
The knobs and controls are so easy.  No need for a manual (but read it anyway).                
Tough boss construction.  The expression pedal could have better feel though.                
$300 is a lot, but well worth it.                
Havent needed any.                
Super hot sounding and hot looking.  Can you ask for more.                
EQ, Compresser, Chorus/Delays, Octaver and Tube Drive emulation very good sounding.  Less impressive are the synth sounds.                  
Tuner and Volume/Expression pedal are handy.  It would be nice if it didn't use a "wall wart", as the thin cord could be damaged onstage.  Also would have been nice to include a transport case.
This unit doesn't include the amp modeling features popular in many units on the market these days.  That's fine with me, as I don't find amp/speaker modeling useful for my needs.                
Solid Boss construction we've come to expect.                  
Never had a problem with a Boss product, so who knows?                
I've been checking out Bass Multi-Effects units and Preamps with built-in effects for a few years now.  Either they felt like cheap plastic, or the preamp sections sounded lousy, or the thing would be a nightmare of buried menus.  
The Boss ME-50B was impressive enough to take home on trial, then purchase later the same day.                
I'll be surprised if this unit isn't embraced by bassists in various styles of
music.  I don't think that amp modeling is a priority for most bassists, and by leaving out that feature, Boss has created a smaller, simpler multi-effects unit.                
Plug a set of ear buds into the headphone jack and leave them on the floor. plug left/mono out to your clean channel amp set straight up. Let the ME80 do all the work.   This is how i play live with it and it sounds great using the preamp section instead of my cabs gains/effects/lead channel.  Works for me.                
Love the tuner, the whammy, the terra echo, the presets actually sound good too.  I go to some of them as is.                 
Very easy for experienced pedal users.  I could see it being overwhelming for a beginner.  Watch videos, all of them.                  
Very sturdy, it is an electronic and nothing is certain with electronics. Until it dies im going to play it and not worry about that.                 
Worth every penny.  I bought a Digitech Whammy a few years ago for $150. This has that and like 60 other effects, tuner, its endless.  The terra echo, delays, univibe, reverse, compressors, wah, its crazy how worth it it is.                  
No need for support, yet. Im sure I wont need it.                 
Ive pretty much said it all.  It has everything i need. I love it.                 
The ME 80 is amazing (for me).  Very easy to use(for me).  Ive been playing for 20 years and have owned various amps, pedals, guitars etc and this is by far the most fun ive had playing in 20 years.  It has everything I could ask for. I personally like the distortions, they sound great.  My band mates love the sounds its throwing.   The batteries have lasted me 7-8 hours of playing so far and the 'low battery' light still has yet to come on.  Built in tuner is really nice and the whole product is very hiss and buzz free.   It is actually helping me be a better and more artistic player.                  
This box has it all and I am very satisfied with the sounds, and may I add so many sounds that I'll never use them all, that this pedal has. Great Great  Great. Thanks for making this item to use at the touch of a button. Great for the Money.......                
This pedal will not let you down, you get every sound you can dream of. I really like the overtone setting. It's built very rugged, it'll withstand what you throw at it. And with Boss tone central, you can dial in a variety of tones, I'm very satisfied with my purchase!                
I had originally ordered the me-70 but it was put on back order. I was interested in the boss tera echo pedal and saw the me-80 had it as an integrated effect. I am very pleased with the pedal. Its very heavy duty, and adjusting the effects is super easy. I wanted this type of pedal because twisting knobs is just handier than going through buttons. The integrated tuner is also nice to have. Sound wise the options are incredible. I really enjoy the Bogner high gain cab model using the Tera echo and a second delay. A wall of crunchy waves of sound. Some effects I'll never use. But its nice to have them in your arsenal should you get the itch. Overall a good solid pedal. The usual great boss tones. All in one large package.                
Granted, this isn't a RP100 or some $500+ effects system, but for the price this thing is great. Not terribly complicated and the ease of changing things on the fly with the bevy of knobs is frickin sweet. No scrolling through menus and not knowing exactly what you're changing is fabulous. It emulates a large selection of Boss pedals very convincingly and as I said before... you can't beat the price.                
This is a rock solid effects unit. I chose the ME-80 over the BOSS GT-100 to avoid having to navigate sub menus within the LCD displays. It's a personal preference for me to dial in sounds with knobs rather than shape sounds through digital drop down menus and generic parameters pictures offered with LCD screens. Now, I am an analogue guy when it comes to superb sonic quality/character when using dynamics/time based effects. As most pedal junkies know, an analogue pedal board gets pretty crazy over time and you have to ask,"is this a realistic set up for my purposes?" Well, for me it made more sense to have a consolidated palet of very good quality BOSS effects rather than expand my simple 2 pedal analogue effects chain. I loved my analogue delay and analogue envelope phaser set up, but how often can you use a pristine sounding analogue envelope filter? . It's one of those effects that in my opinion should be used in moderation. On the subject of envelope filters, the ME-80 has this feature labeled as up wah in the compressor section of the effects unit. Yes, it's much more difficult to dial in the sensitivity and response with the BOSS up wah/envelope filter but this is where the BOSS tone central came in to the rescue. Bottom line, you definitely get what you pay for and much, much more with the ME-80. Take the almost limitless possibilities offered on board the ME-80 and add the BOSS tone central feature and you are covered from every angle in the effects department. The BOSS tone central has an enormous amount of sonically insane effects that are also very practical in use. We all know some multi effects units have sounds that really have little place for use within the framework of constructed songs or compositions but may be used in some sort of ambient,sound scape piece. Last feed back for the ME-80 is volume levels between different effects.I read a number of similar reviews about how this unit is troublesome with volume levels from one effect to the other. I took time to focus on this issue and here's what I figured out about the volume issues: Gain strucutre in a common term used in recording studios. So, since this unit has a manual mode, user preset mode and factory preset mode I started working out the volume issue. First off, the consistency between user presets ( imported from BOSS tone central) and factory presets were very consistent. Nowever, in manual mode volume levels were all over the place. I isolated this problem to the pre amp section of the ME-80 when setting gain structure in manual mode. Here's how I approached setting proper gain structure: first, engage the pre amp section in manual mode and keep this setting the same as a reference point. Now, from here you can walk through each individual pedal one at a time. When you engage another pedal while your chosen pre amp setting is on and set, use either the gain knob, output knob or fx level knob to increase volume for that pedal section or decrease the volume for that pedal section. When setting your manual mode gain strucutre it's best to toggle between manual mode and one of your other modes, preset or user preset mode. Compare the volume levels and match manual mode as best as possible. Repeat this process for all pedal sections in manual mode. NOTE** your EQ pedal in manual mode will throw off the gain structure every time. So, the solution is to set the output level counter clock wise to no output gain. This allows your EQ settings to be applied to any combination of manual mode effects while retaining that gain structure. Lastly, any changes made to your manual mode effects settings may require a little more/less volumes in certain sections. Mostly in the dynamics based sections like pre amp, eq, compressor. The time based effect setting shouldn't be affected too much. Thanks for reading and I hope this helps.                
Ordered and delivered in fewer than 24 hours. Yet another plus for zZounds. So, I've read the reviews about the high gain drives sounding digital, and, well, since this IS a digital processor..... I'm not a high gain player, so that doesn't bother me. The overdrives (od-1, Tubescreamer, blues driver) sound great for me. My Bugera V22 brings this unit to life. Great match. I love my amp's natural overdrive,  but I was wanting more control over the levels on stage, so I thought I was going to need pedals. I've always loved Boss products, so I wanted to go that route, but a pedal board gets rather messy, and this multi effects unit cures those ills. This negates the need to purchase so many pedals. The modulation effects are stellar with this unit. The tuner is great, too. The expression pedal is a dream come true for me as well. I believe the sound is great through an amp and headphones. I can't wait to run it through the PA system at my church. The build quality is great as the casing is metal. The footswitches could give one a bit of concern, but I'm not heavy-footed.                 
I have owned several processors but fing scrolling through menus frustrating and slow. I hesitated to buy this device because although it seemed like it would be easier to use, i was concerned about limited functionality. Not a problem! I can create any tone i have needed quickly and easily. Very intiative. Great product!                
An amazing but complicated box. The only way to learn to operate this system is hands on training. once you get by that it becomes an easy tool to use and the effects are awesome with good sound and an amazing effects. I am satisfied in this item.                
I bought this here through zZounds with their magnificent Play As You Pay plan. The unit came in pretty quick and packaged extremely well. I plugged it up and starting jamming with it. The effects are pretty solid but the distortion is very thin and crackly. It would work if you play low distortion blues or rock but for metal it just did not cut it for me. in short, if you like wild effects and sparkly cleans this unit if for you, but if you like a modern metal tone i would go somewhere else.                
This is my first real effect pedal, so I don't know much, but what I do know is it's perfect for writing music. I can play anything from jazzy tunes to high gain metal. I wouldn't recommend it in a live setting unless you really get to understand it and set it up perfectly. I've owned it for a month and I'm still adjusting knobs trying to get the right sound, but that's because I'm a perfectionist. I love it though, it's better than any other multi effect pedal I've played with. It's easy to setup and get going right away. No digital menus to go through, so it's straight forward. All of the effects are pretty good, but some are a bit digital, but that's okay.                 
I really like the sound, tone and feel of this mufti-effects pedal. Manual mode allows pedal board style operation. The amp models are quite good. There are also many professional presets for download at Boss Tone Central.                 
I really like this pedal. i ultimately preferred the GT-100 because of the stereo options. That is the only reason. I think the octave effects are better on the me-80!                
Great effect!s My only issue with the ME-80 is the Overdrive/Distortion section which I use 80% of the time and Being with two different bands I can chose which Overdrive/Distortion I want.  But it was still too sterile sounding for me,maybe I'll wait a couple of years for the next revision. Other than that, its easy to use,easy to program,awesome effects,great Boss quality.  If you don't mind a slightly sterile Overdrive/Distortion then get it!  its a great deal! But as for me,I'll just wait a couple more years till Boss gets the OD/DS section figured out and I'm sure they will.  They have great Engineers and great minds that work over there.....                
The pedal is pretty awesome. Has a variety of uses. Only thing I feel that really pokes out to me, sound wise, is that the effects have a digital edge and I still get some noise in my fx loop even with the noise active and my ISP Decimator G STRING in the chain. The Terra echo is great and the ability to loop your riffs is awesome, definitely comes in handy. 
Wish there was better EQ on it but it's not too bad. Still that digital edgy sound if you're not careful.  
As for quality it's built great. All metal pretty much with some weight.                
I just recently sold my GT-100 because the sound was too thin (digital) and there were many digital artifacts when controlling effects parameters (stepping can be heard in every single instance when changing values via a controller) - I was hoping BOSS might have corrected some of these with the ME-80 - unfortunately, they haven't - it's very strange, but it seems the company has taken a "lowest denominator" approach to their new products - as though they figure most people won't be able to identify those issues.I was so disappointed in the sound and features (lack thereof) that I actually asked Zzounds for an RMA#, the very next day! Then, I had an idea: I connected my analog pedals to it for taking care of compression and ovedrive/distortion, and only use the ME-80 for other effects - that improved the sound and, even though I will have to carry some extra pedals, it's still easier than carrying my huge pedal boards for smaller gigs and/or rehearsal - so, I decided to keep it. Here are some things that BOSS could have done better, imo:1) have a switch for the speaker emulation as opposed to force you to plug something in, which is sure to cause problems in the long run. How expensive can a simple switch be?2) offer a few more effects, such as the SLICER, etc... and have more options for where those effects are located on the pedal board (which switch turns them on/off) as it is, I feel short changed for the amount of money the unit costs. Right now, the compression takes up the same slot as other effect and that is a waste. There should be a full-time compression "module" that can be switch on/off3) the AMP modelling is pretty weak - I don't even care if they actually emulate ANY amps, I just would like it to say good - this sounds very thing and digital - the DRIVE amp can be worked with and with the addition of an analog compressor it's workable3) again, the EQ section (not the the one in the AMP) should have its own, full time slot - instead, it now shares with other effects, such a Delay, CHR, etc..4) if you record a loop and then want to switch memory location (i.e. switch to a different patch), the loop is immediately erased - I don't know if this can be changed in the system options but, I don't recall seeing such a note in the manual.5) Why no effects loop? Really, at this price, there should be one.On the positive side the unit is a pleasure to use! Very easy and very intuitive - I hope they use this system on the next GT-100MKII or whatever they will call it - the knobs are just the ONLY way to go when creating patches! No more scrolling through screens/pages, etc... My wish list for the new replacement of the GT-100 is:1) an ANALOG section for COMPRESSION and DRIVE sounds2) An interface that uses the KNOBS for each section (as in the ME-80) 3) the new DOUBLE foot switches - those things rock!4) the MEMORY/MANUAL switch as in the ME-80 (please, no more having to press 2 switches at once, please!I used it at a gig last night, running stereo with a Boogie DC-3 and a TECH 21 PWR 60 cab and it sounded very good! It will NOT sound that good directly through a PA, even with the speaker emulation turned on, so be aware of that.All in all, it will make my life a bit easier and with a little ingenuity can be made to sound very good for most types of music. But, there will be compromises and some shortcomings to accept.                
Theres already plenty of reviews about this pedal but it does live up to its name. I love the distortion it delivers. I use a Marshall amp and a Gibson studio electric, put all three together it rocks!! I love it!                
I have had this about a month and am still working my way through all the possible combinations I can get out of it. It has good sound, good adjustments, easy to use, so far I love it!                 
I use a Washburnx37 seven string guitar with seymore duncan JB pickups and a Washburn 7 string with Dimarzio X2N pickups in the bridge.I drop way down to A and G tunings.With thick .70 strings.I use an old Ibanez Toneblaster 100 watt head for the clean channel and a presonus mic tube preamp to make the signal louder.With an Ibanez toneblaster 4x12 cab.Anyways This new boss metalcore pedal is crunchy and powerful at  the same time without being muddy or tinny.I like it alot better than the deathmetal pedal and the Metalzone.It also will make your sound more punchy.My band plays heavy,fast death and blackmetal and this pedal makes my sound cut through the mix with ease.I say to anyone with a cheap amp with crappy distortion to buy this pedal and run it into your clean channel for an awesome distortion tone.I would also buy a cheap 50.00$ tube preamp like a behringer or art ,just to boost your  guitar signal before it hits the amp.Makes it twice as loud!                
This pedal does not have  alot of features.It has a high,low,level and distortion adjustment.But its tuned for a heavy low mid crunchy sound.If you turn down the distortion and turn up the high then you will get a more midrange 80s metal lead sound.I like the highs down and lows up for a thick badass modern metal tone.Even if your guitar has cheap stock pickups,this thing will make um sound great.So go out and get a job and go buy this pedal.lol.                
easy                
Never had to contact Boss.                
BY far the best overall sound for METALHEADS. after some careful decision making between this and 2 other pedals (one by line 6 and other by Digitech) i am more than happy with the sound. I use this with a stock LTD f50 and a crate GTX212 120 watt and the range of sound is incredible. Metal to black metal and death metal and everything in between!                
i jumped on the free Ac adapter offer!!!                 
EASY EASY EASY is all i have to say. after playing around with teh settings, i found my favorite sound in just a few minutes                
It seems tough. time will tell.                 
Definitely worth the price in its range.                 
could be bigger.. haha but its sexy.                 
Myself,I play a Fender 60's Classic Strat, I've tried alot of Boss' Pedals, Each one gives at lest some unique sound of it's own, But as far as the ML-2 Metal Core goes, I commonly dial In low in the pedal and low in the amp to get that really deep sound.. It doesnt fuzz out, It's a nice smooth tone, It even does beautiful work with my Fender Frontman 15B amp.. to anyone who wants an Industrial or Hardcore metal sound.. Its A MUST!!                
I have no complaints what so ever, Really I'm happy that they didnt produce it in Digital, I prefer the classic analog.. Though I kinda wish It had memory settings of a Digital, Cause I find a good setting.. and I forget exactly what it was when I try to go back to it.                
It's almost too easy!                 
Well, It comes with a five year warranty from Boss, I've literally abused it.. stomped into it during a good fun riff, I've accidently kicked it in the middle of the night, forgetting I left it in the floor, even when I put a new battery in it today, It slipped out of my hand and I dropped it.. didnt affect it even in the least bit.  It's awesome!                
Im really happy with it, It's worth whatever price tags anyone puts on em , probably even more.                
I love the way it looks, an original design.. I love the black and silver-flake paint scheme, looks great and adds a certain finesse to my  three-tone sunburst Fender Strat and my jet-black with silver-screening Fender amps..                
Only way I'll look for another distortion pedal, if Boss builts another ML series with added features, or maybe combine It with a reverb pedal?.. Either way I'll always enjoy the ML-2.                
I have to say, I was sceptical and excited about this pedal. I own the MT-2 and have for a couple years, I have also tried numerous other pedals.  This one, out of the box, kicks ass.  Easy to manipulate tone (unlike the nasaly MT-2), serious bottom end and screaming highs.  I have fallen in love with a pedal again!  It was a long time coming, but it's definately worth the wait!  Get one and try it out, if you don't like it return it, but I doubt you will!                
This is the heaviest pedal ever made!  I have the Metal Zone and I like it, but if you play it side by side with the Metal Core, it will sound weak and watery.  The Core has the deep down and dirty tone that makes for serious edgy metal.  It is DEEP!  It will give that heavy tone that you really need if you drop tune.  If you don't drop, you will sound like you do.  It's that heavy.  Buy one.  Buy three.  It's that good.                
You can contour the tone very well.  You can give it lots of highs, or dial 'em back and just go for heavy rhythm chunk.  And let me tell you, it will give you CHUNK!                
Very easy standard controls, just like any other Boss or any other pedal, but with tone for days.                
Like all Boss, it is built like a tank, very road-worthy.  I have more than a dozen Boss pedals and in 4 years I have never had a Boss pedal break.                
The best tone you will get from any pedal.  Forget the price.  It will replace a few pedals on your board.  In fact, you may want this as the ONLY pedal on your board.                
Boss rules, simple as that.                
Nice color.  Cool metal gray.                
I said "Buy it!" and I meant it! Now quit screwing around and go get one!  Are you still reading this...                   
Well I must say I am disappointed in this pedals sound. Very grainy and sctratchy with lots or high gain. Does not do good lows with drop tuning.                
First let me say I bought this pedal looking for a good Metal Distortion pedal. I play a mixture of Death Metal, Grindcore and Speed Metal and I was looking for a pedal that would compliment my styles. I had heard a lot of great things about this pedal from many people so I went out on a limb and bought it. Unfortunately for me, that limb couldn't hold my weight. Or at least not the weight of my sound demands. I gave it a ten on features because It's got good features. But the sound and texture doesn't change much.                
Ease of use it pretty straight forward. I mean you'd have to be a complete idiot not to know how to use it. There is one problem though is that you really have to screw with the knobs if you want to lower your gain at all. It really throws off the EQ.                
It's made well.                  
it's hard to decide. It's a fair price for a pedal like it but not for the sound that comes from it. I'd pay more for a crap complementary pedal than this, but thats because I hate the sound. All in all if you like it sure. If you don't then no value sucks.                
It's a pedal... It doesn't even sound sexy                
I would recommend not getting this pedal if you are a fan of modern heavy metal. If you must then fine, but I would strongly encourage getting the Digitech Metal Master of Boss MT-2 Metal Zone.                
I like the sound of this pedal. Turn up the lows for a heavy, dirty sound perfect for nu metal, death metal, and the like. Crank up the highs, and youll get a nice ,trebly scream oh so useful for those nice 80s leads. But comparing it to the MT-2 is pretty stupid (Sorry if younr sick of the MT-2 comparisons). I think that the MT-2 is the best distortion stompbox ever, and maybe a top five stompbox ever, period. So dont even try to compare them.                
This is probably the low point for this pedal. Its about average in features comparing to other stompboxes, maybe a little below that. There are four knobs: Low, High, Level, Gain. But the Mid knob is missing, which is HUGE, because that means NO SCOOPING and NO MID-BOOSTED SOLO SOUNDS! And compared to the MT-2, its just shameful.                
As I said earlier, there is kind of a lack of features on this pedal. But that makes up here. Its REALLY easy to use. For the idiot, heres how: you turn the knobs until you get the sound you want, then you just play. Easy, huh? Its easier to use than the MT-2, but I know how to operate stompboxes, so this isnt an issue.                 
Its a Boss. Enough said.                
Its $99.00 for this thing, when you can get the MT-2 for the same price. Take your pick.                
I dont know, so Ill give it a neutral rating.                
Ill hand it to Boss here: they made a NICE looker here. The black and silver is DEFINATELY good for heavy metal. Not the best looking stomper ever, but one of the best-looking stomper Boss makes.                
Its a pretty good pedal. its got a nice lowdown, dirty sound for modern metal. But really, if you want this pedal THAT bad, do yourself favor and get the best distortion stomper ever in the MT-2 Metal Zone. Trust me, you wont regret it.                
The sound is AMAZING!! It's more distortion then you'll probably ever need. I would recommend this pedal to anyone that plays rock, thrash or metal etc. I've found the sound I craved for.                
Just your simple level,low, high and distortion knobs. The sparkles all over the pedal make it look outstanding!                
Simple to operate. Manual is also very clear about it.                
This pedal was made with incredible craftsmanship. It will easily last 10 years.                
Great pedal for a great price. I would gladly pay more then the retailed price.                
This pedal is a must have. Looks and plays great. Buy it NOW!                
This pedal sounds SICK!!! It sounds like a wall of high gain amps yet it comes in such a small easy to use package. I play everything from Classic Rock to Death Metal and this pedal dose it all easily.                
This pedal is so easy to use. It has only 4 knobs: volume, low, high, and gain. You can easily dial in sounds. A child could find Metallica's tone in less than 15 seconds!                
I could literally toss this pedal off my two story house and it would probably only get louder! It's a BOSS what more can I say?                
The Metal Core should be priced a lot more than it is. I bought mine new for $99.99 and that's a steal.                
I will never neet an other pedal again for metal.
                
The sound is sick. This pedal can be used for just about any style of rock and metal. From smoth overdrive to insane rediculous distortion this pedal can do it. It is by far the best sounding distortion pedal on the market.                
The best.                
Most pedals today have a bunch of anoying knobs that can confuse many players, but BOSS takes away the problemb with 4 simple dials.

Volume, Low, High, Distortion.                
I can literally through this pedal off my house without it breaking.                
This product is worth twice what I paied for it which was about $110.                
All my friends who used it want it.                
What more is there to say?                
This pedal is an amazing high gain pedal that delivers that earth shuttering ferocious distortion that us metal heads have been looking for. It is most compatible with nu metal, death metal, metalcore, most types of metal. It just sounds amazing, I run it through a Peavey 6505 plus head. All I have to say is oh my god. Its really sharp and has lows that will shake the ground and knock down paintings. Hell ya!                
4 knobs is all it needs. You got the low adjusts and everything.                
Its a pedal.                
Looks great, black metal look, very sleek finish.                
Pretty cheap, for a edal of its sound. I'd buy it anyday.                
Haven't need to use it, I'll put 10 as a default.                
Although I'm not sexually interested in pedals, I have to say, this pedal looks like a beast.                
It is great. You can make a nice rythym sound when you scoop out some highs, turn up the lows, and it sounds so good. Vice-Versa for a lead tone. The distortion is great. I wasnt gidding the distortion on my Traynor YCV-40, it has as much distortion as metal core when it is turned up a little. The sound is so great because, it s so distorted but single notes are clear, but stll ferocoious. great sound. It doesnt have that fuzz that just makes you sound like mud.                
Just the distortion. But that deserves a ten by itself.                
Extremely easy, turn it on and melt some faces.                
Nice metal. It is durable as all Boss products. It's great.                
Its worth it for anyone who plays anything from Joe Satriani, Steve Vai, to Cradle of Flth to Ozzy.                
the only problem is that the patch cords come out when you accidently step on them. I havent reached them.                
its beatiful. it sparkles and is eye catching.                
GET IT!!!!! It kicks ass!!!!!                
The sound is amazing. It is a really heavy pedal and thats what i like about it. If you like to drop tune to C or B like me, then this is the pedal for you. It can give lots of chunky, over the top sound. There's some feedback but that's not a problem. My amp has pretty good distortion on it for playing pantera and stuff, but this pedal multiplies it by 5. Its SO HEAVY!!                
You can change the tone really easily. If you want a really heavy rythm tone, turn up the lows and distortion and dial back the highs. If you want a lead town with lots of sustain, crank up the highs.                
level, low, high, dist knobs. How much easier can it get?                
This thing is a BEAST!!! Its small but it kills. It will survive the next three nuclear wars. Maybe not, but you know what i mean.                
I'd pay 200 for this pedal.                
only problems ive had are with the patch cords staying in.                
I was a little nervous about getting this pedal cause i didn't know if it would match up to the distortion on my amp. Now that i have it, i like it more than my guitar.                
Two words: GET IT!!!!!!!!!!                
Lets see, you get:
112 effect types
3 loops for you own pedals
a tuner
MIDI control (out)
I use mine with my EVH 5150 III 50 watt head, so my patches also control channel switching. This pedal is actually smaller than the amps footswitch. Also I use a DigiTech Drop pedal, it's a bit better than the built in pitch shift in the MS-3.
It's got everything I need, the acoustic simulator cleans up the amp even cleaner than it is by default. Also with the patches you can adjust to equalize the volume disparity between channel 1 and 2.
first off i had been looking for a new pedal. i browsed about 50, give or take, pedals reviewing sound and quality of each one. then i came across the metal zone and loved it. luckly i got mine from a pawn shop. the lady said "i've got one distortion pedal thing" i thought great a $20 pedal. but to my supprise she put the metal zone up on the counter for $50 and i traded her for my marshall 10 watt practice amp (bought at $80). sound is awesome. the quality is awesome. its very responsive effect pedal, whether your chugging strings open or palm muting. this is def. a pedal for rock and metal genres. overall tone is unbelievable. the diversity in this pedal is amazing. if you want a soft to hardcore sound. i would encourage you to purchase the metal zone. with that said if you're looking for black metal type sound might want to check out Boss Metal Core pedal.                 
its sucks that you dont get a power cable with the pedal, but, its not an inconvience. 9v battery life is long. only applies battery power when cables are plugged in "like active pickups in guitars" Boss also provides power cables for sale and have pedal power boards for this product. its got a solid frame and a sturdy spring under the switch so you dont have that accidental off flip while playing. once you stomp that badboy it doesn't let you down even if battery power is low. play it enough you'll find from your own experiance that this is a great petal for any guitar players gear.                
its easy, just turn the knobs until you feel the tingle in your fingers wanting to play. straight forward controls, i play a modular ibanez half stack with the metal zone atm, next to a peavey 5150 tube amp. of my friend. i can honestly say you can tell the metal zone has a "generated sound" compared to a 5150, but, it doesnt stand out. overall the ibanez amp with the metal zone can and does generate the sound of a tube amp and does a great job doing it. keep that in mind for all those on a budget.                  
look at the pictures its cool and will last quiet a few shows. you might say $100 pedal or a $10 pedal. you get what you pay for. metal zone price may seem high, but, you may need to come down off you possible high if you go pay $10 for a pedal that will last one show, if that. the box frame helps ensure that the pedal doesn't start to warp over time. rounded pedals with plastic buttons will start wearing out before this one does.                 
its the bang for your buck.                
you dont need the support. these pedals were meant for one thing PLAYING. if you have to talk to support at anytime, then the product sucks and you should look else where. Boss support would be a dream job, setting and waiting for a phone that doesn't ring playing solitare on the computer instead of Boss Manufacturing Technical Support Catalog Software. Sweet. O.o                
it can be tough out there as a musician sometimes things that you need just are not in the budget. this pedal is a investment in my opinion. standard piece of equipment every guitarist should have. if you have active pickups, get a Boss Noise Suppressor pedal with the Boss Metal Zone to help cancel the static of your active pickups. im not going to go put a comment on the Boss NS pedal, its a must too for active pickups.                 
Boss is a great company to look at go research their products and decide for yourself if their worth your time. dont let reviews pursuade you to go buy products. thats how you find expensive garbage. its the companies job to sell them. search for audio and video displaying the product. what is the company doing to ensure your satisfaction? 

hope you enjoyed the review                
The MT2 allows the user to achieve distortion sounds from today's rock music to the Heavy Metal sounds of yesterday's rock.                 
The duel control knobs make it very easy for the fine tuning of your desired sound.                
Boss pedals are all set to a great height and angle for a natural yet solid foot motion.                
Built to last a lifetime.                 
This pedal originally sold for as much as $179.00 that was a little steep. Now the pedal is really a great bargain.                   
The boss support team is very knowledgeable about their products and are very helpful. I needed a part for one of my pedals before and they got it to me very quick. The only thing I did not like about boss is they way over charged me on the parts and shipping. If it wasn't for that they would have gotten a 10.                  
This thing is at the head of my effects chain and I just couldn't imagine ever having a different distortion. I've tried many distortions and found this one to be the absolute best.                 
If I ever had to replace the Metal Zone distortion pedal (because I fried it or something.)I would in a heartbeat. It can make just about any guitar setup sound like your playing from an overdriven Marshall stack. Also, this pedal changes with my musical tastes. As I get older I find that I'm turning the amount of distortion used down a little. But, When I really wanna shred. I turn it up and "BAM" I'm 19 again. Overall it's a great pedal.                 
I ordered this because i would'nt have my half stack in time for a show. So i was just going to run the pedal to a direct box into the p.a. and settle for whatever it gave me. so i tried it out on just my surround sound and my electric had no strings. so i plugged my acoustic electric (takamine) into the pedal and WOW i was impressed. it has a wide range of sound. the low was nice and punchy and very tight. mids were amazing as well. the highs kinda fizzled out but i believe thats due to my acoustic not really the pedal. great job and i recommened this for anyone playing august burns red, bvb, periphery, etc..                
It's pretty hard giving this monster less than 10 on sound since you can get ANY tone with it, so whatever sound sounds like 10 on 10 for you, it can do it :) I was going to get a new amp but I bought this instead and I get killer tones with even my cheap 15w Peavey Rage 158.                
Well it's got more than any other single effect I've ever seen, and the parametric mids really make it stand out. The rubber pad underneath and on the footswitch make it very difficult to slip around and the recessed knobs prevent accidental tone adjustments. Really, what more can you ask?                
First off, the manual kind of sucked, but apart from that, this pedal is really easy to use. I just spent an hour or so playing around with the settings and now I can quickly get pretty much any sound I want.                
Just from the look of it, you can tell this thing is built to last a long time. Nothing to complain about for sound quality though.                
Well 100$ might seem pretty steep but keep in mind that you can get much more tones out of this that most other effect pedals so I think it's worth it. I tried it 10 minutes at the guitar shop and it's all it took me to be convinced.                
Didn't have to deal with them, but I shouldn't have to.                
The design is very simple, yet appealing. Orange text on black steel always looks nice :) I mean come on, just look at it, it's fricking sexy.                
I don't think I'm ever going to get rid of this wonderful pedal. Even if I someday get a great quality full stack I think this will still be a nice addition to my setup. It improved my tone by a factor of about 69000, give or take a few thousands. I tried my friend's digitech Hot Head and I like the MT2 much better.                
Amazing. Absolutely AMAZING. 10s are rare for me, but this pedal deserves it... BIG TIME. You can get ANY sound out of it, from thrash-scoops to mid-boosted solos to screaming 80's firepower to dirty nu metal rumble. And thats with the gain knob cranked to the max. Vary it around, and you get a nice, bluesy drive; a crunch, or WHATEVER. Blues players, overdrivers, dont be fooled by the name. This pedal can do it ALL, and it sounds good, too.                
For a stomper, this thing has a wide variety of features. Theres the gain knob (which the DigiTech Death Metal lacks, still a good pedal), the low, high, and mid knobs (the latter isnt on the average ML-2 Metal Core), the standard Level knob (name a distortion stomper without a level knob), and the Mid Freq knob (my personal favorite). The gain knob controls the gain. The level knob controls the volume. The low, mid, and high knobs control the low, mid, and high frequencies, respectively, and the mid freq shapes the mid to make it cutting-edge treble to warm, rumbling bass. All thats missing is a prescence knob, but thats all right. This pedal is jam-packed w/ features enough.                
W/ all of the knobs, it might be confusing for a beginner. But I know how to work these pedals, so that doesnt affect me.                
One word: Boss.                
If youre on a budget, then the DigiTech Death Metal is your pedal. After all, this pedal is twice as much as the DigiTech. But $99 for the best distortion stomper is a pretty good deal in my mind. $99 might be a bit expensive, but its worth every penny.                
I dont know, so Ill give it a 5 by default.                
It looks pretty good (who knew orange on black worked so well), but if your REALLY looking for the chicks, get the Boss Blues Driver or the DigiTech Death Metal.                
When I give a pedal a 9 overall (more like a 9.5 boardering 10) you KNOW that pedal is good. But calling this pedal good is an understatement. Calling it the best distortion stompbox EVER is more like it. For $99, you cant go wrong with it. Bottom Line: This pedal is legendary for a good reason.                
The sound is amazing.  I have several other distortion pedals, and for Metal/Hard Rock...this is the king.  It adds the distortion you want, but doesnt muddy  it up.  Some of the other pedals I have do not keep the tonal clarity of the Boss.                
I love the complete tonal variance of the built-in EQ.  Unlike other pedals that just have "tone" this pedal allows you to sculpt the tone how you want...                
This was not my first MT-2....so I knew how to set it up in seconds.  I have had it for 3 weeks this time, and I am still adjusting the EQ to get more and more tones.  I keep a book of settings and sound shapes so that if I want to go back and recreate one....I can easily.                
I dont know about this pedal....but my TU-2 tuner pedal is 10+ years old....and my Harmonist is even older, all working perfectly. The paint is durable and will take years of abuse.                
You can't beat this pedal.  It is what it is....a Hard Rock/Medal pedal that does allow for tone shaping to get just what yuou want.  With all the posibilities, I might have to get another one with different sound maps.                
I have never had to contact them, never had a problem with one of their products.                
This pedal does what it says, delivers Metal sound, with no fuss.  You can set it up quickly with a nice mid scoop, dial the gain up, and shred the night away.....Or, you can custom tailor you tone with built-in EQ.  This is not just another Tone + or - setup, but you can customize your sound to your taste.
This is the one pedal that will keep you coming back.  It did with me.  This is my second one...and I wonder why I ever stopped using it.  It is too versitile to jsut toss away.                
I've been trying to build a pedal board, started about a month ago with the Hardwire TL2 Metal Distortion.  It sounded ok, but wasn't close to what I was looking for.  Got this Boss MT2 Metal Zone Distortion pedal for Christmas, and I will say that it has really great all around sound, mids, lows, highs, it's all there.  I am selling the Hardwire pedal now because I will never use it.  I couldn't be happier with this Boss pedal, you can change the tones, distortion, volume gets loud if you want it to.  Overall, this pedal gives me all the sound I have been looking for with a lower priced distortion pedal.  You won't regret buying one.  The digitech pedal sounds very dull compared to this pedal.  I like the Boss SO MUCH MORE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!                
From the squeal of the upper frets to the raging boom of Drop-D tuning, this lil' bastard can do it all                
Built in mid range frequency adjustment allows you to go from a thin, squealy Metallica-esque trebley sound to a broad, thick "Ozzy Osbourne - Crazy Train"-esque sound.                
Built like a bomb shelter, I bet if a tornado picked this thing up and threw it into the ocean and 50 years later some divers found it and returned it to me, it would still work                
Great value, this thing is awesome, no doubt about it                
Its Boss, so I assume they have great support, but I haven't talked to them                
First pedal I ever bought, last pedal I'd ever sell                
Perfect for any kind of hard rock, and if you've got guts, jazz and blues as well                
It gives you so much control that you can go from light dirty clean to metal. It would be nice if they had put a octave switch in it but no complaints. one of the best pedals I have ewver owned.                
The most useful thing that I found on this pedal is the control of the amount of distortion that you want and the tone adjustments.                
There is now way to ruin this pedal it wil take a beaten but will still work like new.                
The price may seem a little high but when you get it you say to your self that you'll never regret paying that price.                
I have never had a problem so I have never had to deal with the company but have dealt with a lot of their products and love them all.                
The looks are great the pedal just looks so awsome that it one that makes the pedal rack lokk even better than it did.                
Overall this is the best pedal I own thats over a Korg A5.

Great product for the price.                
This little box by Boss has a great tone.  I have listened to many distortion effects over the years, but this effect  is just what I have wanted. I am very happy with it.  I did not buy the Boss power cable, but purchased a different manufactures and hooked it thru a daisey chain.    No problems/Very happy !                
The sound is awsome ,, ofcourse depending what you play. i play Alot of Metallica! and heavy stuff, it plays less heavy pretty well,,ppl that diss the sound.. pls learn how to used it first                
nice equalizer man, sound goes great with my effects gear                
well took me awile to use it, i got it second hand, when i got the hang of the equalizer,, this thing rocked,,                 
small pedal but undestructable!! do i need to say more,, i had this pedal for awile and if it can stand my beating,,i can approve this pedal to anyone                
top noch value for me,, i paid 60 bucks canadian for it,, it buy far my favorite pedal                
second hand, no support                
its a tank,, need i say more                
well i have this pedal for awile and its still awsome,, if it quits on me i'll go buy another one,,i wanted this thing as soon as i saw it,,like i said it goes great with my fx..its a good hard rock to heavy sound,,it made my crappy 5w sound good! i'm on a 30 w now,, theres no comparing                
The sound is great, you can go from thick metal or thrash (my favorite), to overdrive and blues/rock.  If your amp has weak distortion on it (like mine (Behringer GMX1200H), this pedal will take care of it.                
I love the 4 band EQ, it's got great bottem end and thrashing highs.  The distortion has a nice tone too.                
It's a BOSS, built like a tank.                
Worth the price by far.                
Haven't had to deal with them.                
It's very sexy.                
My amp head's distortion was very crunchy and not as powerful as I wanted it to be, and I heard/read about this pedal, so I decided to try it out and after I did I bought it immediatly.  It has such a great tone for metal, thrash, blues, rock, just use the 4 band EQ and scope out your sound, I garentee you'll find it.                
The most versatile distortion I've ever heard. From long, singing sustain, to harsh edgy rock and metal, it does it all !                
Very easy to use controls and easy access battery compartment.                
Built like a tank !                
After trying about 20 different distortion pedals including Fulltone, this pedal is the freaking BEST !                
Great customer support service online.                
Nice looking and sounds superb !                
I will have this forever. I have been searching for *this* type of sound for many years.                
i got mine used and its in perfect condition still, the whole thing barely has a scratch. it owns                
yes it is.                
it looks so cool, and plays so damn well, how could u not get one?                
i think the only reason i would have for buying a new effect would be if i wanted to experiment with different sounds and effects, this one pedal does the job so far, the reason i bought this pedal was because my guitarist friend had one and another boss and i played with both and chose this one, it was the perfect sound. i love how easy everything is about it, i dont have anything bad to say about it, for now.............                
Play with it long enough and you can get plenty of different tones. It added sustain, quite nice for my cheap bolt-on ibanez. However, the overall sound quality is what I would refer to as 'tinny'... course you can't expect a big tube amp in a pedal, and maybe I'll tune that out in time... but if your ears are keen you'll know it's digital, imo. And if you're a basement jammer like me, that doesn't matter too much, the boost this gives over my little Peavy "Rage" 158's distortion is great. Finally, I'd like to say the mechanical quality is up there with heavy weaponry (tanks), and if I can swing it, I'll be looking for their overdrive and perhaps noise silencer pedals sooner or later.                
Sound is awesome. excellent for any kind of metal and quite good for other genres such as rock. You can get a variety of sounds with the EQ. But of course, its most suited to metal, therefore you might not be able to get the perfect sound for other genres.                
The EQ is awesome and gives you lots of variety. It has pretty much everything a distortion pedal should need.                
Its very well made, like all BOSS products. metal casing, virtually bomb proof. I wouldn't be surprised if it still worked after you threw it off the top of a tall building.                
Awesome value. Heaps of bang for your buck.                
Have never dealt with them.                
Looks awesome. a metallic black color. looks mean and nasty.                 
This is, in my opinion, the best distortion pedal you can buy. Especially if your into metal. Great for that metallica sound.                 
This is the best sounding pedal out without a doubt in my mind                
could be a little cheaper, but you forget about the price once you play with it                
covered for 5 years                
This made my $250 fender champ 300 amp sound like my friends $1200 crate halfstack amp.  A must buy if you are into any type of metal or hard rock, from metallica to unearth. Stop thinking about it and go but it!                
what can i say.its a versatile distortion pedal.from 70`s rock to heavy metal.trust me,you`re gonna love this pedal.                
with its 3 band EQ,you can create any tone that you desire.                
its a boss pedal.its like a tank!                
this pedal takes 3 months for me to own it.thank god,its worth of every penny.                
Must get it!                
The Dist of it is PERFECT for metal.

i get a very unique sound out of it, is close to 

dino cazares sound in Fear Factory Obsolete                
It a very good Equalizer and distortion to break your amp                
Is not for noobs. it has a wide range of tones
                
Is a tank, imposible to break                
it worth te money                
never used it                
the color is black with orange letters

perfect for metal                
The metal dist EVER!                
this is very cool i can get screaming distortion that comes with hours of sustain                
very high quality pedal for anyone playing metal                
this is the highest quality pedal i own it will probabaly outlast me.                
this is worthit so buy it now!                
Wow. THIS is the metal sound. THIS is metal. And it sounds SICK. Flat-Out SICK. I used it in conjunction with a noise gate, EQ, and compressor, and let me tell you, this thing kicks a$$... big time. Its a LOT better than the Metalcore pedal, and a lot, LOT better than the DS-1 I own. Also, its more inspiring than the Danelectro FAB Metal I own. This is probably the best hi-gain pedal I've heard.                
Its a pedal. Whats to expect? Well, it has more features than most.                
With more features than the average pedal, its harder to use. But still. Its a pedal. Just stomp and play.                
One word:Boss.                
Sorry, but $99 is pricey for this pedal.                
This is by default. Havent used it.                
Its a pedal, but its fricking BLACK!                 
Its Boss. Its a pedal. Its a Boss Pedal. Its a metal pedal. Its a Boss metal pedal, and its the best metal pedal Ive ever heard! If youre still reading and considering whether to get it, youre an IDIOT! Just take that cash and BUY IT!                
The sound it great.  Great quality. One of this pedals strong points.                
It is simple but has everything you need.  If you play around with the knobs you'll find a sound you like.  But you need the power adapter, which is why I gave this an 8.  The batteries only last about 20 minutes.                
Really easy to figure out.  And the manual shows you how to get different sounds.                
Solid metal construction.                  
Pretty expensive... but definitely worth it.                
Have never needed it.                
Looks great                
The only distortion pedal you will ever need.  Has everything from slight overdrive for Pink Floyd solos, to Heavy distortion for isanely dark metal riffs.                
great sounding anything from hard rock to heavy metal                
built to last                
could be cheaper                
5 year warranty is pretty good                
it has awesome looks                
great pedal u need to go out and get it                
I actually have TWO of these, one is a "newer" 1998 black label model that I got used off eBay. The other one I've had for at least twenty seven years now and have never had any problems with it, I got the old one used off my best friend in hardly ever used, mint condition, he didn't ever use it, need it or want it, he went with a computerized midi rack system back in the late 80's and was selling off all his old analog stuff, it's an old green label model and it has held up fine and still looks new. I find it hard to get the equalization exactly where I want it on either model though! I either get too much low-end, not enough, too much mid-range or not enough, or way too much treble! I wish either one gave a little more punch and crunch but they DO sound much better than MANY dozens of Distortion pedals that I own or have tried, disliked and sold off! I have considered getting one or both of these modded but have not yet done so! I have tried or used them both through many Tube and Solid state amps, tiny practice amps, etc., and find the sound roughly the same from both pedals, except that the older one might give a little dirtier sound at a high gain than the newer one.                
this pedal is amazing! so much distortion, more than you'll know what to do with. ive played it lots of times and loved every second of it! the 3 band eq is great..lots of sound options.                 
the 3 band eq says it all... ~                
IT'S SO EASY... A CAVEMAN COULD DO IT.                
mind-boggling...you can drop it and wont hurt it a bit...

maybe a paint chip here or there. :P                
yea...100 bucks.. alot of money but its really worth it.

the wide variety of sounds and so much gain for metal/ death metal/hardcore...                
um...great..i guess...ha...but yea awesome                
i was going to get it 2weeks ago but i got the boss dd-6 digital delay...i could decide on whice one but the METAL ZONE IS NEXT ON MY LIST...A.S.A.P !!!!!,..... i need it                
JUST SIMPLY AMAZING                
Adjustable to any kinda music you like to play: From the hounds of hell to Elvis through an old fifties radio....
Get's a bit blurry with high amounds of treble and middle                 
It's Boss. Always good products, though not my favorite.                
Still Boss.                
It rocks..                
I've purchased 2 of these. I get the sound I want from the pedal and it can take a beating except for the input jacks on the pedal. I've had the input jacks on the pedal give out on me on both the pedals. I have to frequently jiggle the pedal in order for the feedback to quit. Sometimes feedback is very loud and sometimes quiet. Other times whenever there is no feed back it often acts as though I have turned the volume from the pedal very low. I have tested my cables and guitar jack all separately using the same half stack and have never seen any of the symptoms appear.                
I really like the sound of this pedal. I can find pretty much every setup for the kind of musik i like (Metallica, Iron Maiden, Jimi Hendrix and so...)

Today i tried to make fuzz setup, and i really couldn't get it sound the way I wanted it. Then i cut of the tone of the brigde pickup, and then i had the more Jimi Hendrix old 70's fuzz sound. Amazing!                
I have to this pedal has a great range of tones, because of the extra equalizers on it. The one I find best, is the middle/frequence-sound. Jesus it can really create the tone you want!                
At first I  have to say it is pretty hard to get the right sound, but that's also it. You will have to tweak the knobs many times, but if the musik you like is in the category of metal/rock and so, you will find it!                
I have bought three different BOSS pedals, and neither one of them has ever cost me any trouble. I think it is almost impossible to destroy this pedal! It is A TANK!                
This pedal is all worth it. I could not see how it shouldn't have this price. You can use this pedal for so many different bands, and it truly delivers the tone I want!                
I don't know, because I haven't had a single problem with any of my BOSS pedals!                
I like everything this pedal. The color, te way it's built, it's a part of my music!                
I will definately keep using this product, because it fits so good into the kind of my music. I do not like the extremely heavy, death kind of metal, but then; I don't even have to play that. I can make it sound like I want! NICE!                
Awesome                
The Best                
This pedal is durable.                
Yes this product is the best.                
The pedal is flawless.                
It's badass!                
This pedal is very versible and durable.                
I PICKED UP THIS PRODUCT LAST WEEK. I HAVE A FENDER STRATOCASTER AND IT MAKES IT SOUND AMAZING. WITH BEING ABLE TO CHANGE THE WAY YOU WANT YOUR PEDAL TO OPERATE IT IS COOL. I HAVE A GREAT TIME WITH THIS PRODUCT.                
IT DIDN'T INCLUDE ANY ACCESSORIES, BUT THIS EFFECTS PEDAL IS SOMETHING THAT TOPS ALL THE OTHER BRANDS IN GUITAR EFFECTS FOR METAL. THE MOST USEFUL FEATURES ARE NOT HAVING TO ADJUST IT THAT MUCH IT IS READY TO JAM WITH EVERYTIME. I WISH IT CAME WITH A CABLE TO CONNECT OTHER EFFECTS PEDALS. THIS IS MY FIRST GUITAR EFFECTS PEDAL AND I PLUGGED IT IN TO MY FENDER AND MY LITTLE CRATE AMP AND IT IS AMAZING THE SOUNDS THAT CAN COME OUT OF THAT THING FOR NOT BEING A 200 OR 300 DOLLAR AMP.                
I THINK THE ONLY WAY YOU COULD HURT THIS PEDAL IS IF YOU DROPPED IT IN A SWIMMING POOL, OR THROW IT AGINST THE WALL. THIS ITEM IS WELL BUILT AND I AM NOT WORRIED ABOUT ANYTHING BREAKING MY FRIEND HAD A METAL MASTER OR SOMETHING MADE BY DIGITECH AND IT WAS A PIECE OF CRAP.                
YOU KNOW YOU CANT GO OUT AND GET A PAUL REED SMITH FOR $500 YOU GOT TO PAY THE PRICE AND I HAVE NO PROBLEM WITH THE PRICE'S THAT BOSS HAS                 
I HAVEN'T HAD TO CALL THEM OR ANYTHING CAUSE "BOSS" MAKES THE BEST EFFECTS I BELIEVE AND IF I DID WRITE THEM IT WOULD BE A COMPLIMENT LETTER SAYING THANK YOU FOR ALL THE COOL STUFF YOU MAKE FOR GUITARS.                 
THIS PRODUCT HAS JUST THE RIGHT TOUCH TO ANYTHING YOU CAN THINK OF                
It has so many different sounds you can get with, it is just amazing.  I had no idea that there was that many different sounds of distortion.                
The 2 middle knobs have knobs around them, which I enver saw before.                
I own other Boss pedals and they dont have any problems with durability.                
It is a little bit pricey, but after playing it for the first time you wont even care that you spent 100 bucks for it.                
Boss are and always will be on of the best pedals.                
I like the MXR pedals look the best, so if this pedals looked like that I would pay about 200, but this one is pretty dull, but again its worth it for the sound you get out of it.                
With all the possibilities on this thing I dont think I could ever get bored of it.                
It sounds awesome. Way better than all the other pedals I've ever played with. There are so many different sounds you can get from this thing.                
The dist knob is really cool. I love how you can go from a nice bluesy tone to a huge heavy metal sound.                
Ease of use? Umm... you turn the knobs until you get the sound you want. How hard could it really be?                
Metal pedal made of metal. The only problem I have ever had with it was actually my fault. I didn't screw the thumb screw all the way in and it popped open once. I like the rubber on the bottom and top.                
Yeah, I know. $100. But... it's worth it. I would buy it again if I somehow went back in time. It's highly unlikely, but I would. I got what I payed for and then some.                
No experience yet, and I never plan on it.                
I don't know how I have lived without this thing for so long. Five minutes in Guitar Center and I was hooked. I dreamed about it for months before finaly getting it. It looks cool too. Boss pedals all seem to look way cooler than any others. Plus, you can play almost anything through it. White Stripes? done. System of a Down? done. Nirvana? done. The Pink Panther Theme song? done. Hawaii 5-0? done. Rise Against? Weezer? Ramones? AC/DC? done. I even play Miley Cyrus' "Party In The USA" with a droptuned guitar. It makes people laugh. Also, I love the song.                
This is my first pedal, and I am extremely happy with it. I'm not the best guitarist in the world by far. I'm still learning. But I sound awesome when I play "State of the Union" by Rise Against, or "According To You" by Orianthi through this pedal. I love to play so much more now. And I started writing songs again. I was never really much into heavy metal. I love System of a Down and can play some of their songs though, and they sound so cool now. Oh yeah, I got the power cord thing for it. Which was a good idea cuz I ran the battery down pretty fast. But then again, I played it all day at high volume. Anyway, you should get it because batteries are retardedly expensive. If you are considering it, just buy it. If you are not considering it, you should be. If you have it already, good for you. Wether you play heavy metal or not, you'll like this pedal.                
This is, hands down, the best distortion pedal to ever hit the musician market.  This pedal really is everything you really need in terms of distortion.  I would really not have it any other way.  I used to use a BOSS DS-1 Distortion, but after hearing the MT-2, I moved onto it, as my tastes in death/brutal metal increased.  I sold off my DS-1 for it was nothing compared to the Metal Zone.  Not only is the distortion much better, but you can make the Metal Zone into a wussy overdrive if you wanted to.  So it really suits any need, although the name would probably turn off most prog/punk/pop rock musicians.  However, this thing makes even a crappy amp sound pretty powerful.  I liked the DS-1, but the MT-2 is much much better.  You're actually better off paying more for the MT-2.  The soud quality is just uncomparable.                
I really like how it had much more than the Metal Core pedal in terms of EQ, and unlike the DS-1, it actually had an EQ.  What's so lovely about the MT-2, is that it has 4 customizable bands.  The high, low, mid, and mid freq.  My personal favorite is the mid freq, for it really defines everything, and makes the distortion sharp (like using a bridge pickup) or mellow (like using a neck pickup), depending on how high or low you crank it.  I like it all the way up, for I like sharp distortion, but the point is, is that the option is open to you.  It really is a custom pedal, made for artists who like to own their own sound.  This thing will get the job done.                
Honestly, if you're a complete, 100% noob, you might want to settle for the regular DS-1 Distortion like I did before moving onto the MT-2, because this pedal requires a little bit of knowledge, but even more of a trained ear.  Although 4 might not be a big number, you'll be suprised at how much you can do with those, and it may be a little overwhelming to the complete beginner.  But once you get a very basic hint, it's very very easy to use.                
This product is just like everyone says.  A tank.  I constantly tour Japan in livehouses, and I knock this thing around by accident on stage all of the time, or backstage, or whatever the hell I might be doing.  Let's just say that I'm not the most careful of people when it comes to this thing.  Aside from the pain chipping off pretty easily, this thing is solid, and I'm very certain that it will last me until the day I die and then some.  I also find the color quite appealing.  I never knew black and orange could mix so well.  BOSS knows their stuff.                
It has already been stated that it may be pricey for those of you who have little money or who are starving artists, but even so, once you see what this thing is capable of, you'll forget about that problem, and you won't regret it at all.  Trust me.                
I only had to call them once, and that was when I owned my DS-1 because the jack "died" out on me.  They were pretty cool, and it only took a few minutes for me to figure out what was wrong.  BOSS is truly one of the best corporations in the world.  Many people say that the world doesn't care about you.  Well, the employees in BOSS truly do care about your satisfaction with their product.                
I personally believe that, if you like any form of rock, especially metal, you are not complete without this pedal.  It should be the sole fundamental of any metal musician.  Not only is it pretty good looking (at least to me), the sound kicks every other distortion pedal's ass right out of the water.                
This is the best distortion pedal ever made, and ever will be made.  Although this pedal is 16 years old, is still remains to be truly the greatest metal pedal.  It will last you a lifetime of perfect sound.  As you get older, it's normal that you will rather stray from heavier stuff, but it's okay, because the MT-2 covers you.  This can be a badass metal distortion pedal, or it can be a light overdrive pedal.  it's anything you want it to be.                
it farl steller but i dont think that its as metal as i would like it 

for i want it to be more brutal but that might be my fender twins fault                 
the pedal is very simple and easy to use 

and its nice to look at the eq on it is amasing                
its veary easy to use                 
it is very good i play it for hours at a time and i havent had one problem 

but i have only owned it for a couple of mounths                 
it great i would have paid another houndred dollers forit                 
there isnt any need for but i dont think so                
it realy turns the ladys on when you pull out a guitar and do a nose bleedingly fast solo

in to a neck snaping metal rift                 
im glad i bought it but if an one knows of another pedal that is beter for death metal 

i would love to know 

contact me at monky-maker@hotmail.com                
i got the MT-2 just a month ago and its been hard to put down the guitar ever since. i used to rely on multi processors before getting the MT-2 and i have to say there is a major difference. Notes sound definitely cleare with the MT-2 even when compared to the metal dist of the ME-50. I got a GE-7 immediately and man have i been crushing walls with them two together. its a classic nothing will ever replace it.                
the 3 band EQ..enough said                
what i like about it is that you have to do the tweakin ur self unlike the spoon feeding multi processors give you..and its not exactly easy but man is it rewarding once you get the sound you want out of it                
its a BoSS,,,                
worth every buck..                
I think if your that guy or gal who would want to ride into the world of building an analog setup..especially if your that kind who wants versatility,dammit get an MT-2...life time investment is the word.                
In-freakin-credible! The Distortion is so heavy you will blow the brains of whoever is listening!                
Four Equalizers!                
Just plug and play, after you get the hang of the equalizers.                
Solidly made!                
It is worth every penny.                
Well, I have never had much problems with BOSS equipment, but they are helpful when it is needed.                
The genius of the pedal is so appealing, you will wonder how they did it.                
I will be satisfied with this product for several years. It has a wonderful tone and make that you can never go wrong with.                
The sound is wonderful!The only thing I can say is : OMFG SHE'S AWESOME!!!                
Power Cable sure does help a lot...                
You'll need some skills to be able to get an incredible sound like Iron Maiden,Megadeth...                
Everything's fine but sometimes...You can hear the radio...? Just forget that and play like hell!                
The price's a little high but when you can afford it...It doesn't cause much problem.                
It needs time like every company...                
You MUST own it.                
Nothing's better.                
4 equalizers!!!!! Rocks!!!                
Boss pedals are made of steal!!!!! Never will break.                
Great sound, tone and very versitile.                
im not sure what everone is raving about. this pedal sounds weak to me no settings i have it on. i play it with my 60watt marshall and the only way i use the pedal is on the distortion channel. i use my marshalls distortion and just use the pedal to adjust the highs and lows and mids.                
it made my single coils sound like humbuckers...i dont know like it made my crappy little practice amp sound like this huge tube blaster...i love that little thing...                
i like how it has complete access to controlling its equalizer so that way you can tweak it to whatever sound you want out of it                
the thing is a tank and can survive a bazooka...its really well made                
i dont know but boss is pretty good so id say it would be a good call                
it makes my friends jealous cos they only have little digitechs...                
boss metal zone is all i need for my tone in terms of metal...im set with it and im very pleased with it                
Wow, sound quality was un-beatable.  Awesome for metal / Punk rock Riffs and Solo's, absolutely awesome.  The brand name says it all.  BOSS                
Awesome make, holds together.  Looks BOSS                
WOW, can't beat the price, and best product ever for that price too.                
Wow, looks awesome, beautifull.  ITS BOSS!                
Beyond satisfied, 9 out of 10 since they didnt give it a polished gold finish, that would make a 10.                
When i got it, i first played it in a show so i didnt had time to make any setting so i was not really happy of the sound but when i plugged it at home i was surprised of its versatility                
this is a tank man                
To pricey but i really needed it so...                
You got to buy this if you like metallica megadeth etc... but if you prefer nu metal and stuff go for the digitech's metal master.                
ITS SO GOOD!!                
THEY ROCK                
VERY WELL MADE                
a little pricey, but its worth it                
DONT NEED IT YET                
chick magnet                
When you want metal you got it!  When you want to acent your guitar a little better you got it!  Its everything I've ever wanted and more!                
I use it alot, just wish the screw that holds the plate down over the battery was more secure, you can step on it bout 15 times, before the screw comes to use to use, easy to screw back in on stage though!                
I abuse this thing like crazy, when im up on stage, I go nuts, and have jumped on this thing like and elephant!                
It was worth the money I spent.                
never had to use it                
no comment                
Anything you need in a distortion pedal!                
high and low varibles on both of the equilizers, which allows for guitar solo sounds on the bottom strings aswel as heavy, dirty sounds on the top 3 strings                
it seems to be well built had no problems but mien came with 1 year guarentee from the shop and a 3 year with Boss                
it cost me                 
best distortion ever!!!                
features are perfect                
A1 quality....will never break....unless u smash it with a sledge hammer                
this pedal is worth every penny...buy it!!                
havent dealt with company                
i borrowed this pedal from my friend and it is incredible...ill probably be buying it soon                
i will be satisfied as long as the pedal works, and i dont think it will break                
Great Distortion                
Great                
Made extremely well. I've dropped it out a second story window and its worked better than ever.                
a little expensive but so worth it                
i dunno
                
its....great                
I love it. I'll never use any other distortion pedal again.                
This baby ownz.  You can get just about ANY sound you want out of it.  I kind of would like to see about 10% more distortion capabilities though.  It has plenty of distortion but for me, I'd like to see just a little bit more.                
Everything you want: 3-band EQ, dist and level controls                
Built like a tank.  Body is all metal with rubber thing on bottom so it wont slip.                
It's a very nice pedal.  For $80 bucks its a sexy deal but some people can't spit out $80 bucks so it'd be nice if it were a little bit cheaper...like 60's range.                
Never dealt with them.                
Already have it.  The orange and black create a sexy appeal.                
VERY good deal.  I guarantee that you'll be satisfied with this pedal so if you're thinking about getting it, do it.                
Great sound you can get a powerfull bassy sound, crank the mids up and get some huge harmonix or take up the treble and in any ways after you find your preset(which can take a while) you will get an awesome sound that you won't ever want to play without.                
The 4 band EQ is pretty usefull because you have 2 for the mids and it really is the knobs that change the sound of this baby                
It's really built hard, I could never break it even if I like jumb on it                
Great for the price, I would pay pretty much anything to get a sound like that                
If it would break(almost can't happen), I'd buy another one                
Awesome product, the greatest distortion I have ever heard                
Yes, I have a fender stratocaster. And i used to have a DOD Death Metal distortion pedal. And it still sounds like a classic guitar. But when i brought home the Metal Zone from boss, the stratocaster does not sound close to the stratocaster. And unlike any other distortion pedal, you can set it to any type of distortion.                
You can use a ricinbacher and it would sound like a really heavy guitar.                
Yes i the Death Metal distorion lasted for only 6 months cause there is something wrong with the foot switch. Well I decided to get the metal zone and i have it for two years and it still works.                
All that i can say is it can blow away the overdrive on the amp and any other distortion pedal.                
No i have no dealt cause i know a lot of people that has boss pedals. Its not easy to reach in my neighborhood cause i live too far away for a music store. Plus i never needed any service it still works excellent.                
Not even with the stratocaster. The stratocaster plays good but with distortion, i dont like the sound of that. But with the metal zone, it sounds like a heavier guitar.                
I don't know but i will be waiting for another suprise. Metal Zone is tough to beat.                
Heavy distortion, very brittle sounding.  Great for heavy/thumping palm muting. Only sounds good in the bedroom. Does not cut through when gigging with a band (trust me).  Definitely fun to play with.                
Lots of tone control. But you can't get a natural "wet" distortion out of it.  Good for metal sound. Don't try to play blues or classic rock with it.                
One-trick pony. Does not cut through in a band setting because it has no mids                
Like I said: sounds cool in your bedroom.                
I've been playing for over 30 years, rock and blues primarily. I don't gig anymore. I do a ton of recording in a home studio. I have a pedal Pedal Train Pro board with 14 pedals in all, 4 different distortion/fuzz/overdrive pedals and a Flanger and Phaser, all of which produce unwanted noise in addition to noise generated by the guitar pickups, single coil or humbuckers. This pedal allows me to run the distortion peds and the phase/flange through the loop while keeping my time based pedals (reverb and delay) out of the loop so that the gate does not impede the reverb/delay. This pedal does a great job. My only regret is that I did not buy this years ago. As for the pedal coloring the sound? I hear no difference whatsoever. Loss of tone is not so much a pedal problem but having is caused by a long signal chain. If you hear the tone change try using the tone control on your ax, on your amp, or on your pedal board. That's why we have them. It's not rocket science.                
I keep reading a lot of reviews about how it kills your tone.  The only difference that I've noticed was just a little bit of a volume decrease, but all I have to do is turn it up louder.  I am using this pedal on a 200W Traynor tube amp head and a Marshall 1960A cabinet.  It will definitely kill the unwanted sound immediately.                  
Don't really need too many features on this.  What's on the pedal is all you need.                
It really wasn't that hard to get it setup.  But I will tell you right now, READ THE INSTRUCTIONS!  It will tell you what the knobs do and how to set it up properly.  Once I read the instructions I set it up in no time.                  
It's a Boss pedal and it's built like a tank.                  
For the price I got this for it was worth every penny.  Get a daisy chain to supply other effects pedals that you have.                  
I got tired of hearing the unwanted noise from my amp at shows and band practices, so I wanted this pedal.                
Since I own the Metal Zone pedal, I expect this to last for a very long time.  I've only had a few effect pedals go bad on me, but they weren't Boss products.  If it ever went bad on me I would definitely buy another one.                  
This product works great after dis/od box. This product fails if you use amp distortion. Using this product in the fx loop produces bad results. If you use amp distortion I would recommend an isp noise reduction product or a MXR Smart-Gate in the fx-loop.                
When it comes to noise reduction it has all the knobs you need and a nifty silent mode. The drawback of having to run your fx threw the Ns-2 Separately from your guitar creates a more cluttered pedal board, Awkward cables are needed in order to get your last fx units sends back to the Ns-2 input, and this could be avoided if boss switched the fx inputs inputs around.                
Very easy to use product.                
Very dependable.                
Great value compared to what els is on the market.                
Boss support is very easy to get.                
It looked nice and easy to use.                
Gets the job done for moderately noisy equipment.                
I turned it on then off then on over and over again and could hear ZERO difference in quality!! This thing doesn't weaken or change your tone!                
Nothing came with it but what else do you need.                
Extremely user friendly I pulled it out of the box plugged it up played with the settings for about a minute and it worked great!                
Great quality of course its a Boss....                
I would have paid more for this product!                
haven't needed it.                
Its a sexy compact Boss Pedal!                
An amazing product, I had major noise coming from my amp and just plugged the thing up and it was all in the past.                
Before commenting on the BOSS NS-2 I should describe my rig: Mexican Tele w/ vintage '54's, NS-2, TU-2, Xotic RC Booster, Xotic AC Booster, CH-2, back to the NS-2, and finally to a Fender Blues Jr. Every guitarist is familiar with the infamous 'buzz' or 'hum', which is usually a result of single-coil pickups or simply electricity. Why wouldn't anyone buy a 'noise suppressor'? Let's take the "Hush" pedal for example. I experienced a great deal of sound degradation and returned the pedal an hour later. My guitar lost its natural tone, punch, and harmonics. So I figured that all 'noise suppressors' acted the same way and quickly lost interest in any such product. I recently put this rig together and gave 'noise suppression' one more shot. I picked one up and I love it! My sound is hardly affected. I keep the 'decay' at a minimum and put the 'threshold' at around 11 'o clock. This way the hum is barely detectable even in a quiet room by myself and my Tele still has its twang. This is the pedal to get. Essential for all guitarist. It's like taking the heartburn out of hot sauce and keeping all of the flavor.                
The NS-2 offers the option of powering additional pedals using a 'daisy chain', which is very useful. I placed the 'decay' knob at the minimum, which makes me wonder why it's even there. I wish BOSS would combine the NS-2 and the CS-3. This would save me some time and space.                
BOSS and beauty don't really go hand in hand, but this pedal along with other BOSS stompboxes are built like little tanks- reliable like a Honda and tough like Ford                
Price is very reasonable for the rewards and benefits of use                
N/A                
The pedals looks decent. I wouldn't have purchased it if it resembled a cookie.                
This is a keeper and if something happened to it...I'd buy another one.                
Pedal was easy to setup. No more noise when I stop playing while using my distortion pedals.                
Pedal does exactly what it is supposed to do. Takes the feedback from my hot humbuckers and tames it.                 
I use a large amount of gain between my amp and my ts9 overdrive and the NS-2 completely takes out the squeals that I can't stand. Also made my playing better due to everything getting noise gated.                
As usual Boss has come up with very unique ideas.  This is one of them that I am very impress with. It makes my Bass sound dynamic with the Fat Lows and the Punchy Mids and Crunchy Highs.  I am pleased to have it in my rig.                
Not really but for the price I got it for with the 3, 6" cables and the Boss PCS 20A parellel DC cords (Daisy Chain) plus 1 SPOT power adapter.  Hey I can't complain I am totally happy.. All for $75.97 Hey I am happy with tax and all.. LOL...                
As usual all Boss products are constructed very well.  I have no doubt in the material..                
Yes I got it at a heck of a price, I am happy... LOL                
No doubt but I was hoping to find a owners manual just like most of the other companies I have found online.  Just in case I lose mine I could download it and print it out online..                
Let's just say I am not kinky but the product suits the taste.. LOL..                
Well I can alway make additions to what I have now.  Because it is expandable..                
Does not change your tone if you set it up properly.  I read a zillion negative reviews by people who didn't use this correctly and then thought it was the pedal's fault.

Use all 4 jacks...this is not the same type of pedal as the mxr smart-gate or isp decimator, etc.   It's more like the ISP Decimator G-String but you get the save yourself $120 getting this instead of the g-string.  I've owned both and they're both great but this affords you more tweaking options and is way cheaper.                
All the things you need a gate to do in a guitar rig, this does.  Note:  It will not eliminate the sound from ground loop hum...if that's your problem, please look elsewhere.  (Ebtech makes some good devices for that ailment)                
I only gave this an 8 because although it couldn't be easier to use people seem to constantly use it wrong and then bash it for poor results which are, by and large, their own fault.  

For this to sound good right you'll need:

Dirt pedals into a clean amp or,

A separated preamp / power amp setup or,

An amp with a series effects loop (preamp out, poweramp in)

Your guitar goes into the NS-2 then out of its "Send" jack into your amp then from the amp's fx loop send into the "Return" jack on the NS-2 then out of its "out" jack into your delay, reverb, time based fx, then into your amps fx return.  

It will do what you hope it will in this configuration.  

Simply plugging this in between your guitar and amp is a waste of your time and money.  Also, never ever put delays, reverbs, time based effects before the ns2 or in its loop.  It will sound stupid that way.                
Its a boss pedal so you're good for at least 5 years out of this baby.                
When compared to the only equivalent noise suppressors on the market, this thing is a steal.  It does more than the MXR, the Rocktron, the cheaper ISP.  Its a great deal for high gain applications.                
haven't needed their help                
If you play rock, metal, hell even heavy blues, and you don't have a noise suppression system you're doing yourself, your tone, and especially your audience a disservice.  

If you need a noise suppression pedal...get this one.  Its dirt cheap for the help it'll give you and you won't be disappointed.                
If this breaks I'll buy another one instantly.

This shuts up your hum, hiss, and feedback and if you're not a dummy about how you use it then you won't even notice its on until you shut it off and hear all that old racket again.                
This noise suppressor sounds great. People say it alters ur tone..IT DOESNT. 

All it does it cut ur sustain a little bit...it works the best with humbuckers..i kno humbuckers dont make really any noise but just with my setup and surroundings i still get noise and it works amazing

On my strat however... i have to turn up the threshold up to get rid the noise when i use a lot of distortion...so it really cuts the sustain..but still works amaing...im really glad i got this one                
THe way it can power up to 7 other pedals is amazing!

i own 4 other boss pedals and a few others so it works great...

a mute mode works great when playing live and switching guitars.
                
EXtremely easy of use!

much easier than like the MXR Smart Gate

(which also a very nice pedal)
                
its built just like any boss pedal...STRONG!                
hmm...welll...85 bucks...a lot of money,but for the way it powers other pedals really made me buy this...

so                 
Boss is my favorite brand of pedals..i own five....Any question i ever had ,i always got a answer.                
umm... 

not really .. is doesnt look as impressive as the boss PH-3 or GT-8 or DD-6 Or PS-5...                
amazing...not a waste of money                
Well no sound is what you want here and yes, it delivers.

All the way on, things start to fade a bit.                
Don't use the decay or just set on min., mute is handy, plus power out is a great bonus to have.                
very solid unit                
hmmm. yeah I supose value was right.                
Boss are always good in this department                
I wanted it and was'nt let down.                
need to buy power apptor.                
This is where it separates from all the rest; i've used HUSH and MXR noise gates and BOTH left me lacking.  The HUSH worked great at killing the noise but it COMPLETELY clamped ANY sustain OR volume and the MXR well.....just sucked IMO.  This thing DOES NOT take ANYTHING away from your tone.  Dont believe the negative reviews on this, this pedal could easily sell for twice as much!  Take this from someone who; A. is a sound guru, i hate ANYTHING that colors my tone, B. someone who plays on a Peavey 5150 so needless to say that if i say this thing tames the noise, then it does! and C. from someone who is a recording nut! nothing about a bad tone can hide from me and this thing IMHO is as important to my rig as any guitar or speaker!                
Another great thing about this pedal, it can kill ANY noise produced by either your guitar's feedback in the front of the amp AND any noise that is produced by efx/in the efx loop AT THE SAME TIME!!!! what more could you want?                
Read the manual folks, its all there.........                
Its a friggin' Boss pedal remember? In the guitar community, when you hear Boss, you KNOW you are getting quality product.                
Invaluable!  Once you get this thing figured out to your liking, you will NEVER want to part with it!                
N/A. Never had to deal with them.  I've had a few questions about other pedals online and i received emails within less than 24hrs so id say its pretty good but the way i feel about it is, the quality in their pedals leaves no need for customer support.                
Appeal? READ THE REVIEW!!!!! Nuff' said!                
I couldnt be any happier with this pedal.  It does what i need and thensome.  Its a BOSS so im sure it will outlast my current band lineup LMFAO!!!!  Here's an example; i had a buddy that i let borrow my SD-1 about 10yrs ago, he brings it back, we BS some and lay it on the side of his truck.  Well, he goes to leave, then i see the pedal fall off the truck, then get RAN OVER and it DIDNT LEAVE A SCRATCH AND TO THIS DAY PLAYS LIKE NEW!!!!! and we arent talking a Ranger or Tacoma, it was full sized 2500HD chevy!!!! Tough as nails and simply put - THE BEST!!!!                
Sound? The point is to have less sound isn't it?                
There really are no features but the features that it don't have get an automatic 10 because it's fricken Boss!                
I wouldn't know, I only tried it out in a store and really all I did was turn it on but just that made it quiet so  guess it is pretty easy.                 
Top of the line quality, I mean it's fricken Boss is it not?!                
It had a reasonable price but not quite as amzingly priced as the DigiTech stomp boxes, they are insanely cheap!!!!                
I have needed no support                
It looks okay but what really matters is the sound not looks.                 
Overall it's a top notch pedal!                
The pedal does not directly affect your sound. The purpose of the pedal is to cut down on unwanted speaker hum, effects hum, pickup hum, etc. It does a great job doing it                
Includes a mute feature to completely mute the signal, and also includes the gate/suppressor                
It takes a little tweaking to get the decay and threshold to where you want them so your signal doesn't sound choppy, but once you find the sweet spot you will only have to adjust the knobs in minor amounts                
It's a BOSS. It's a beast.                
The pedal puts a dent in the bank, but I think it's worth every penny. I bought the pedal used (but in great condition) locally for about $60. It's totally worth it. It does exactly what I was hoping it would do.                
Haven't had to use the support yet, and I'm hoping I wont have to.                
I was considering buying this pedal for a few months, but once I started playing in a band, I realized that the time was right to buy one. Before I had this pedal, I had a LOT of noise coming from my amp (the amp itself, guitar, effects, etc.) Once I got this pedal, it cut back NEARLY ALL of the noise. I am VERY pleased. I would recommend this pedal to anyone who is looking to sound a bit cleaner without all the fuzz coming from their unit.                
Dosent degrade the sound like alot of other N.S. and can have a very soft "cut" to how it ends the signal, not abrupt or irratating.                
What more do you need? In my opinion the mute option is a bonus on this thing.                
Rugid as all hell. I've dropped it, dented the floor and not even scratched the paint of this thing.                
Cheap. Effective. Easy.                
Its a white Boss pedal. No suprises, no stupid graphics, no odd shapes that are hard to work with.                
Some of my friend's have this and when they use a battery it actually kills some noise but increases the hum. Always use an AC adaptor, no matter what.                
The sound of the regular, sub and poly modes just sounds like a very unpleasant synth; not real at all.  I was looking for something to just take my acoustic down an octave; this makes it boomy and fake, and not the cool kind.  

Another complaint about the poly mode: while it does track very well (MUCH better than the OC-2), even with range maxed out, the notes get quieter the higher up the scale they are.  Your E's will be blowing out the speakers and the D's will be barely noticeable.  Also, if you're using it while you're playing chords, the pedal often picks up two notes and plays them both an octave down, which sounds like crap.  You can fix this by lowering the 'range,' but by then it's not worth it anymore except maybe on a two-chord song.

That said, the sound of the distortion setting is pretty cool though.                
If you're looking for something to experiment with, create unique sounds with, or just play with, this is your pedal.  If you're looking to sound anything like you're playing bass when you're not, move along.                
Controls are simple and straightforward, that much it has going for it.                
If the pedal had a better sound in poly mode, I'd rate this much, much higher.  But as-is, this is just too much money for a pedal that just does this much unless you're into really off-the-wall sounds.                
Over-priced unless you just really want a pedal that does what this does.                
Gave it a 5 because I've never had to use them and don't expect to.  Boss makes good stuff.                
If you want an octave pedal, you want one that sounds better than this.                
It should be noted that I use this pedal just for guitar; I'm not speaking to what this can do for a bass, but frankly, they make five-string basses for not much more than this pedal, and if you want notes lower than that you're nuts.                
The OD-1X has that mild stubble tube like sound, to all out hard overdrive. A good buy. If lost or stolen. would buy another.                
I was drawn to this pedal because I already own the Boss DA2. Boss's Multi Dimensional Processing features a clarity unattainable without it. I use this OD-1X for my slightly dirty overdrive, and the DA-2 for heavier dirt. When dialing in some low end, it never turns "flubby" or "mushy", but always clear, so your actual playing is accurately represented.                
The sound of this product is an improvement over a prior version which I own.  I've purchased this unit to replace the PS2 Pitch-Shifter Delay.  Among the improvements to the PS6 is the octave setting.  In the octave setting, the delay is now almost imperceptible.  Also, as compared to the PS2, which sounds very digital, the PS6 sounds much more musical.                
Again, this product represents a distinct improvement over the PS2 in its controls.  It has notches on two of the function keys where it makes absolute sense to have notches.  The PS2 had no notches on the Shift and interval knobs.                
Again, this product wins by comparison to its early predecessor, the PS2.  While the PS2 could generate more than one note, the second note would be another octave, and usually involve a perceptible delay.  The PS6 produces multiple tones at chordal intervals allowing me to sound like I'm harmonizing with myself, and IN KEY as a result of the intelligent pitch-shifting function.                
This is consistent as any other Boss pedal I've owned and used.  It looks good, feels solid and is road ready.                
I thought that, as compared to other Boss pedals and products, this seemed a bit on the expensive side.  However, having used it near a month now, I think it is almost worth the price.                
I have had no customer service contact with Boss.  Therefore, I cannot comment.                
I don't consider this product sexy.  It looks like all of the other Boss products.  While its functions are neat, it's not like a big, creamy distortion, or a rich sounding chorus.  It will be a long time before I find anything sexy about a digital product.  But, that's just me.                
I hope not to have to replace it ever again as this is a replacement for a similar Boss product.                
very good,no tone sucking here! and excellent tracking.                
all features are very useful except for that dive bomb tremolo deal,its an Eddy Van Halen without the floyd rose. I don't do that on every song or do that at all don't see any use for it.                
no brainer if you know your basic theory as well as scale modes                
its a Boss of course!                
Zzound gave me a good deal                
its a pedal that I use for in some songs that require little pockets of nice solos that require good harmony's. its not something thats on all the time,but when you need it at the right places of the song during live gigs its a head turner.                
The Boss PS6 is very easy to use, the knobs provide nice tactile feel, I use only occasionally, as it is not a main-use pedal as with distortion, compression and a few other pedals. It is generally a good quality unit but I've had a couple problems with it due to its design. The main problem was the on/off indicator LED, while playing an outdoor gig and I could not tell if the unit were on or off because the LED was not bright enough. The low cost Behringer's I have on my board have much brighter LEDs so I can readily tell if their on or not. As we play to the public through the PA and our stage monitors have slightly different sound, it is not readily apparent sometimes when the PS6 is on or off. During a gig, you don't want to have to listen to see if the FX is on or not, by then its too late. The other problem was the toe of my shoe, while tapping a bit to the music accidentally lifted the top of the pedal off, so during the gig I had to reach down and reassemble the unit, which fortunately was quick, but it is something you should not have to worry about while performing. So, overall, a good unit but be wary of outdoor play during daylight. Can't comment on manufacturing support as I didn't use it, so I gave it 5 stars for support. Low score on ease of use due to the LED not being bright enough, that was a big deal for me.                
Great Amplifier Head. Lots of Power, Gain, and options. However not good for a player who needs a clean channel. But for the metal enthusiasts THE 6505 + IS the amp to set the bar...                
I've been playing guitar for quarter of the century but never owned a looper before, big mistake on my part, so when i decided to get one i did an extencive research, Dito was always at the top of a list, but i am an old timer and i started with Boss pedals 
just looking at one makes me feel like a teenager again, i also wanted something very simple and easy to use, the RC 3 looked like an obvious choice for just a little more cash, but who really needs 99 presets 3 hours of looping and cheesy drum beats with tiny little buttons to push to complicate things, no not me, one thing that attracted me in RC1 was a loop indicator, in fact i can't believe this is the only pedal that has one, seems like such an essential part of the pedal, i use the visual cue 100 precent of a time and can't imagine not having it in the looper, it shows you exactly where you are in the loop such an awesome idea and it looks great visually as well, however there is one flaw with the device, when you erase the loop by pressing down and holding for 2 seconds, you also get 2 seconds play back of the loop before its gone, thats not much of a problem for home use, but essentially renders the device unusable in the live situation, also from the online forums i have learned that the external foot switch cures that problem, i am yet to test it since i don't have one, however in my opinion such an omission should have never happened on the part of Roland, other than that after a few days of having the pedal i would still highly recommend one even if you need to get an external switch, there is just nothing else on the market with visual loop progression , also the audio comes out in CD quality i beleive no matter how many layers you create they are all perfectly balanced and sound like a professional sound engineer mixed them up.                
Very user friendly, very impressed with how "on time" it seems, I love this, I've gotten way better at my licks from practicing, and I've even layered beats , keyboards, and vocals, vocal looping is amazing, and thank you zZounds for the payment plan, now i feel like a pro and still have cash in my wallet!!!                
This product did what I expected. I wanted a tool to help me with lead guitar breaks, and harmonica solos. By laying down a rhythm progression, I am able to play it back, and work on these breaks to hone them to my liking. I was having difficulty with one particular song on the harmonica parts only to discover that I was using the wrong key harp. I'm only using it as a practice tool, and it works great as accompaniment.                
Had the orig. ditto for years thinking it was alright. Then purchased the EHX Nano 360 and the EHX 720,not being happy with either I returned and purchased the RC-3 Boss and it was so intuitive and feature laden I wish I'd have purchased this one first. The boss rc-3 is hands down my fav looper. I hate complicated pedals and this has Sooo many easy to use features that none of the other loopers have is unbelievable, especially being this looper isn't much more than it's competition-if you could even call it that. Plus with all the updates over the years. Thanks Boss! Am super fussy and REALLY liking this pedal. And thanks to zZounds for always giving me the best prices!                
Sound quality seemed good. This is the first and only pedal I've owned, so i can't compare to anything else. I played a Casino through a Vox Valvetronics amp. The recording seemed to be a bit soft, but can be adjusted with the output volume.                
Again, rating 8s across the board as I have no other comparisons to make, but it's plug and play. Super easy to use. I didn't like the original set-up with the record-overdub-playback order with the pedal, but it's super easy to change the order. Instruction very easy to follow.                
Seems solid. The single pedal rocks around a bit on the floor, but that's more the nature of its size. It's a solid piece of equipment.                
For what I wanted this is totally worth it. Love the included rhythm tracks. Super easy to use. Other items in this range seem short on features, so this is worth it.                
I got what I wanted and expected out of this pedal. Easy to use and great if you're on a budget.                
Great workout on songs tool and also a great solo player unit I can sing the songs better and play lead over the rhythms I record. Right now using about 20 of the 99 presets available.                
Does exactly what it is supposed to. The sound is true to what you played. And the volume of the loop is great for control at a live setting.                
I am having a blast with this loop station. Gotten to the point where it sounds like a full blown band with just one guitar. Now, I just sit back a play to my own background music. Anyway I want it........                
this thing is crazy cool to play with records and plays back exactly what you play through it .still learning but you take it out off the box and start jamming .thanks zZounds you are my go to music store                 
It duplicates exactly what you play into it. It has some cool effects that sound great but for what Im doing with it, I haven't found a use for them yet. Once you get your timing down for starting and stopping your loops you've got it made.                
The effects sound really cool but probably my least useful feature so far. For acoustic I'm just using a little chorus and reverb. The most useful is having two independent loops. I also bought the Boss fs6 foot switch which I recommend if you intend to use it live. It allows you to switch between loops on the fly.                
Sounds great from square 1. Very easy to use. As long as you have good timing you won't have any problems. If your timing is off your loop won't sound right when it loops but after a little practice you'll be making great sounding seamless loops.                
It's built like all Boss pedals. Solid as a rock. When Im on the road Boss is the only brand pedals I use and I've never had one fail me yet.                
I was a little hesitant at first because their are cheaper loopers on the market but the cheaper ones don't have the features this one has and after receiving and using this product I'd say it's worth twice what it sells for.                
I've never dealt with them because I've never had one of their products go down.                
I've had nothing but great experiences with Boss pedals and always look to them first when shopping pedals.                
I've been a Boss customer for a long time and I've thoroughly enjoyed this product to say the least. First and foremost, when you buy a Boss pedal the sound is second to none and the quality is the best I've seen in a pedal and this one is no differen. All steel cconstruction like all their pedals. The possibilities are endless with the rc-30. I bought it to use with my acoustic. I'm in the rock band Another Beautiful Letdown and my singer and I recently started picking up some acoustic gigs during down time to keep busy and keep our chops up. I mainly use this pedal to loop rhythm parts so I can add the lead parts live without the rhythm dropping out. I can tell that Im going to use this pedal alot the more gigs we do. I've only had it about 3 weeks so I've only tapped the surface of what this thing can do. I also like the rhythm section to use to just jam. It has 9 different rhythms and you set your own tempo. We build and layer our loops live so the crowd can hear each part being added but you can also save your loops to recall later which is cool. You can also load files from your computer to loop which I have not gotten to yet but Imsure tthat's in the near future. I could go on and on and I've only had the pedal 3 weeks. If your reading this you've come to the right place. You won't find this product any cheaper than Zzounds and their customer service is top notch. I highly recommend this product and Zzounds and I'll definitely continue to shop here.                
sometimes I have trouble getting one sound louder than the other. I wonder where all the deleted music or mistakes go. I hope not in the hard drive. over all it is a keeper.I use it 3-5 times a week.And I play for hours when i use it. I run it through a mustang 3 so i look for the clean channels.                
It didn't come with anything,but software, which is ok for the price. the auto looper comes in handy, and it takes a little time to get a true loop with no spaces. All and all i think boss did a good job.  everything is good and up to pare.                
It has a good sound. I run my cry baby wa wa pedel and my boss distortion peddel throught it. It is a no brainer to use, just read the manual and you will be fine.                
It is built like a tank I don't use a backup. Take your time and learn the in's and outs. I still wonder where the deleted mistakes go because sometimes i make a lot of them when i cant get something right. But so far so good. I have owned it since june 2011.                
I think it is a good price. worth every penny.                
no so far i have not had a problem with it                
I think it has great sex appeal. It makes me a better guitar player on my leads. It is great looking and i like the color and the way it lights up. It is a A plus in my book. GET ONE.                
I will use this for a long time. I will always have good words about this product. I will not bad mouth other products. I had a few loopers and I didn't like them. But fell in love with this one.                 
I'm a bassist in a rock band but also a proficient keyboardist.  When I'm playing in my rock band I hate having to lug my keyboard gear for only a few songs we do that require some keyboard lines.  This pedal was the answer!  I simply sampled and saved the required lines.  Now all I have to bring is this pedal and by choosing the correct sample number I simply press the foot pedal on the required parts and voila'!  I have keyboard lines.  Excellent sample reproduction and works flawlessly.  My only complaint is that it doesn't come with a power adapter.  Batteries work fine but batteries die.  So I'll be getting an adapter.  Otherwise, another solid product from Boss!                  
This Boss looper has excellent sound quality. Nice to have individual faders for each loop.                 
Many features for the money. I know there are those to lament the lack of MIDI (as do I). And the effects included are pretty much useless for my needs. I don't like having the two pedal contraption hanging off to increase/decrease the loop. Why not just have a dedicated switch(es)?

Also, NO POWER ADAPTER! Why do I have to spend $24.95 for a power adapter? Plus, the older power adapters don't appear to work with this unit.                
A few of the functions are tricky to understand (the two separate tracks for ex.).                 
Appears to be rock-solid like all Boss products.                
I guess it is a pretty good value as the Boomerang III is $469.00.                
No idea.                
N/A                
Nice looper. I've had them all over the years. For approx. $300, you can't gp wrong.                
To begin I love this pedal. It reminds me of a digitech I had back years ago. This pedal has a long duration of play back though, you can play back a whole song if you want. Not to mention the effects you can put to what your looping. My only issue is the ease of use, the double click of the pedal while trying to keep the rhythm goin. I do recommend this pedal and for the price it can't be beat this one has two tracks compared to the other boss which is only one.                
Great loop station. Works great, and you can put together some great stuff.,ZOUNDS is a great online music store, play as you pay is a great service. Will highly recommend ZZOUNDS.                
It does not color your tone at all. Whatever comes in is what goes out. The only down fall I've found is when playing back a loop and playing over it it's a little tricky to mix them properly when your using one amp. I use two amps and it sounds awesome.                
The most useful feature about it is being able to create a loop using reason or fruity loops and store into the pedal. I can create a backing track for each song on the set list, store it and play it back live. You can also store a file like that then overdub a rhythm live and your free to play lead over that. The least usefull feature for me are the built in effects. I do all that before the rc-30.                
To get the full awesomeness from this pedal and do it with quality results is an involved process. It's not plug and play, but I like that.                
Built like a tank.                
A great value! It may seem pricey but for what it allows you to do its well worth it. I bought this pedal and now I play keys, synth, all kinds of electronic stuff, rhythm and lead guitar and I do it all without ever taking my hands off of my guitar.                
I have not needed to contact customer support.                
Its sexy. Also everybody I know wants one. If you have it your the man. If you use it with skill your even more the man.                
I love it!!!                
Its a great thing to have for practice at home or jamming with others. There's so much recording time on each slot, you'll never run out of time. And the usb port, auxillery plug, and mic port make it THAT much better. The only problems that I do have, is that when using batteries they die quickly (about 3-5 days depending on usage) but that's why they have the AC adaptor; also it only has 10 drum patterns, more would be better.                 
There was no loss of signal when switching between the station and my other effects rig the sound is clear                 
Call me old school but I like having an on/off knob or switch  instead of an input jack to turn the unit on/off plus the risk of loosing data when pulling a jack when in a mode is scary otherwise it is well organized                
Took me a while to "learn how to record and overdub" along with the rhythm track but once I got its been a lot of fun                 
Well made as usual  with all of the boss line of products                 
Great for the money                 
Have not needed it yet don't expect too                
Have one                 
Hope to have this box for a long time it's a ton of fun . Never had so much fun playing with myself                
Great stereo loop  that is easy to use and allows the artist maximum flexibility.                
I am not experienced with looping gadgets or other similar devices; this is a new part of music for me. My experience so far is that the sound is good on one or 2 layers or loops. After several layers it starts to sound 'digitized' which is too bad, because that's when it gets really fun.                
I chose this model for the XLR input and the large memory capacity.                
It is very intuitive to use ... except the 'save' function. It is easy to hit the wrong button and erase something.                
The buttons are solid. The pedals are solid. It is sturdy and well assembled.                
It was a good value which is why I chose this model as compared to competing models and brands.                
not needed yet ...                
A practical addition and a nice introduction to effects for processing acoustic sound.                
I like that it is a quick and simple way to record myself for learning new tunes and arrangements.                
It's a little tricky to get the hang of it, but once you get timing down this pedal can really help you improve and impress on many levels.                
i have bought almost every looper available in the last year or so. several of them were very nice. each had strong points and weak points.
 the boss rc 300 is as close to my dream looper as i can get at this point in time.
 it is VERY simple to use. i've read that some folks have had skips at the end of their loops and can tell you, that is an operator problem. all looping requires something from the operator even when quantize is working. my loops are seamless and have great sound quality.
i use this looper live, on the street along with a boss me-70 and roland qube street amp.
i run all off of a small booster battery and dc/ac inverter. i can play all day long and never run out of power. best of all, i have quality sound in a mobile rig.
i havent even scratched the surface of what the rc 300 can do. it is an amazing piece of equipment.
Excellent product for many, many applications. The BOSS RC 300 can be set up to function in a way that best compliments your needs no matter what you have in mind. For me, I found the phrase memory parameters easy to program for a variety of templates. The RC 300 manual is straight forward and very simple to follow. I set up a generic phrase memory template for constructing songs/instrumentals. Track 1, track 2 and track 3 are programmed to work out verse/chorus/bridge song formats. The modular style record/playback and overdub allows me to find the best sequence for a new song. I can record a verse, a chorus and bridge with the ability to re-record if the first take isn't satisfactory. In a nut shell, this loop station is a real time tracking/overdub and mix session with the option of saving each project to a phrase memory. This phrase memory can be named in the RC 300 and then exported to a computer for future use as well as additional tweaks. I could go on forever writing about the RC 300 but choose to stop here. If you can think it then the RC 300 can make it happen. Another solid, complex yet user friendly noise toy from the BOSS team. Well done BOSS and thanks for making the creative process that much more enjoyable. A+++, get this loop station and be amazed.                
This is a great tool and a must for any serious guitar player. It will greatly improve your playing and song writing skills.                
Yeah this is everything I was expecting it to be. Been checking it out for a few months and finally pulled the trigger and got it. Glad I did. There are a few really good videos on YouTube about how to dig in and customize, which are more helpful than the manual or Boss videos - but the tutorials are out there and will help. It's a bit daunting otherwise to jump right into, so make sure you get familiar with those videos. I've only scratched the surface on what this can do, but as far as quality, it's solid. Very sturdy, seems like it'll last a long time. Hoping to put a live show together, as it's getting harder and harder to get guys to commit to a consistent band.                 
Although I am still getting used to all of the tricks and techniques, the RC-300 was pretty easy to get started with. If you take the time to understand the options for each loop, then you'll avoid having the "gap" issues where the loops don't align...seriously, it's not that hard. The one disappointing thing is the expression pedal...it seems to be an all or nothing proposition at times, and it will power-up in the of position when it's off, and sometime when you go from max to min, it doesn't catch the "off" position, and just keeps affecting the audio. A quick wiggle of the pedal will usually fix it, but it shouldn't happen at all IMO.                
There is a learning curve, but don't be discouraged.  This pedal creates soooo many possibilities for a solo act like me.  I am in love it.  I would suggest investing in an external footswitch or two, as many important features essential to live performance are not readily available on the fly.                
The fasted way any guitarist can learn to solo over back tracks. You can easily load up a cd, back track or what ever recording and blend your own sound on top. Instant band to back you and very simple to use. The effects on board are also great no peddles needed. Hooks up to any one of my many amps with ease.                
The RC-300 is more than just a pedal, it's the future of music in ways that we are yet to understand and experience. I'm very glad I bought it. I'm willing to bet money, in the future, we will see people doing stuff with "hardware" like this that we have never seen before. the RC-300 is the first step to a completely new approach on music, and I'm proud to say I'm one of the first to experience that. but I must admit, this product doesn't seem like the type of thing a guitar or bass player would use, it's definitely an instrument all it's own, so even though I give it a 10 for recommendation, I don't necessarily recommend it for bands as much as I recommend it for electronic musicians.                
This unit, like the old RC50 still has a momentary delay which makes it very difficult to use in live performances.  Boss is impossible to deal with; despite many kindly worded requests for support, it has become obvious that Boss could care less about individual consumers.                 
The Boss RC-505 packs in a lot of features for being marketed as "just a looper". It's really closer to a robust digital recorder or workstation than a pedal type looper. 
I purchased this to take the live recording/ looping load off of the back of my Octatrack, which in comparison has a very limited amount of recording, and most importantly, over-dubbing time. 
The RC-505 has over 3 hours of recording time, which is more than enough for most purposes. You can save all of the recordings, live while the tracks are still in playback mode. This is a huge plus if you want to take any awesome moments from your live performance back to the studio. 
Each of the 5 tracks can have their own recording length, up to 999 bars! All tracks are tempo synced perfectly and there are many options to customize how each track syncs and interacts when the previous recorded tracks. 
The fx section goes beyond what you normally get out of the built in fx in a piece of gear like this. In each fx section you have 3 fx slots that you can switch between in real time with out any hiccups or unwanted glitches. One of things that I was very happy with is that each fx slot retains the setting for all the fx on the list, so you can have 3 of the same fx set to each slot with different values, allowing you to easily "play" the fx. This is really awesome with things like delays, beat repeats and the transpose fx. Also, you get TWO of these fx sections, one for incoming audio and one for recorded audio. The only down side that I can see with the fx is that the dedicated fx knob is hardwired to one parameter per fx. This is not that big of a deal, as soon as you select an fx, the menu for send fx will come in to focus and the rest of the parameters are just 2 to 4 button presses away, allowing you to use the main data entry knob for the selected parameter.   
The midi sync on this unit is also rock solid. While researching loopers I found that midi sync is largely over looked or poorly implemented in most loopers. I have had no issue syncing the RC-505 to any of my hardware or software. When working with sequencers, you can even have the sampling start on beat, quantizing to the "one"  and easily put together group of on time rhythmic phases. 
I have not dived in to the built in rhythms, but they sound great and there are a wide variety of time signatures and styles to choose from. 
Over all, you can tell that a lot of thought was put in to making this unit playable and easy to use. From the great fx sections and versatile track editing, to how the menus are layed out, you will be able to easily and quickly integrate the RC-505 in to your live rig or studio recording set up.
I would recommend this product to anyone who who needs a good hands on looper or backing track player.                  
Moved up from a floor model (RC-3) and am amazed with this machine.   The five definable tracks (one-shot, loop) allow a lot of creative room - that I am yet to fully explore.  Switches, knobs, faders and buttons are all high quality and seem made for regular use.  I've used it almost daily since arrival with no failures of any kind.  
The onboard effects are great....enough to fully mimic famous beatboxers (dub fx, Reggie, etc) without an additional pedal.  My bass effect pedal (Zoom B1X) delivers no more than what is available in the onboard effect list, and the RC-505 has much higher sound quality than my previous efforts using a XLR converter and traditional effect pedal.  It's three types of inputs make for lots of multi-instrument fun that was previously unavailable in my smaller RC-3.    
It would be five stars for "perfect" only if a full function foot pedal was available, and if the case were a little more armored (I'm terrified of dropping it).  The Boss FS6 pedal is great but might hold back the machines full potential for those who play with two hands.  Also....Don't drop it.....ever.
Otherwise it is one of my favorite "instruments" and I highly recommend this product to those who seek the high power of an Ableton loop setup in a hardware package.
There's nothing like hardware for the stage!    
We previously owned the RC-300 which is not really designed for vocalists so this loop station is the bomb compared to the one we used before! It's lighter and smaller which is perfect for us, since we travel a lot and need to be carrying it around with us to perform all over the world.                
This is a really fun loop station with some nice basic features and some surprising flaws given its price point. You can only use one input FX, and one track FX at a time, despite there being 3 FX buttons for each. So as an effects processer for your loops it's really limited. You also can't ReSample any of the loops to take advantage of extra effects either. There is no BPM sync for the different delay effects, that was disappointing. The build quality is also really cheap, I would worry about this thing in the long haul. That beng said the basic looping features are really fun and intuitive, but for $500, I couldn't justify keeping this thing.                
I absolutely LOVE it. The looping effect with five tracks is amazing. This little thing can do quite a lot & it's fun. Perfect for a choir nerd, I'm a one woman choir!                
Great product!  I do so much with this thing.  It has expanded my musical abitilites to say the least.  I would definitely recommend this product to any one that plays an instrument.                
I loved this pedal from the start. it was everything i was looking for in my DUB. Ive heard people say thats its not the best for guitar but it works well with other pedals. I found that putting a nice phaser after it seems to help with a dynamic whoosh. Reggae lovers should have one.                
Awsome to use by hand for an outboard delay. i take it to everyone of my shows. some guys wont let me do sound unless i have it. The intensity knob is what i wanted it for. Then having the 12 mode knob settings is even more dynamic. I wish i had two of them. The tap tempo helps too for quick applications.                
It took me a while to get used to, but now i can use it with my eyes closed. I think having a small pedal or button to oscilate it would be cool. i just havent found one for myself yet. I almost wish it had a seperate out for the reverb. I like the sound it gives when its overdriven, very sonar-ish. Its application is great for keyboards. I like that the manual gives settings for classic sounds.                
I love the way this thing looks. It not only sounds cool, but looks vintage for those with that taste. Its very strong, and heavy. I love heavy equipment because theyre like old cars, it shows how good of a product it is. I really wish i knew how to make one so i could make my own.                
It's a good price for someone who really uses it like myself, but i dont think it should properly be priced above 200$.                
I havent had to deal with them directly, but im sure a company that makes a product like this would be good in all services.                
Its not comparibal to any other delay or echo. i believe its the best thing since the actual head unit itself. I carry it and play it like its my instrument, cause it is.                
Ill keep it till it breaks, i wish there was a matching phaser and spring reverb, but it could ude more helpfull style modes. Like 5 differnt tempo modes and 7 differnt styles or something. but its still a beautiful thing.                
Being my first delay pedal I can't compare it to others however it doesn't suck any of my tone. It doesn't even sound digital, cold, or sterile to me. Doesn't color my amps tone either. Make sure you use this in the effects loop however it does sound okay through the front end up my gain channel.                 
From what I can tell this has all the features of the original RE201 but in a compact stompbox.                 
This is the first pedal I've bought that the manufacturer actually provided sample settings in the manual.On the underside of the pedal has a diagram of how the different modes include which tape head sound. I found my favorite delay sound in a few minutes and now I feel like David Gilmour with this thing on.                  
It's a Boss pedal. I'll never have reliability issues. Feels nice and heavy too.                
This pedal is just like it's analog predecessor and those units are very costly on the used market. My friends RE501 tape echo/chorus unit is worth a pretty penny but my pedal does something his unit can't do and that is my pedal actually works. Boss could charge up to twice the price and still sell these.                
Being a Boss pedal I'm sure the manufacturer support is great too.                 
It does have a cool name "space echo". Sounds like something a martian left behind on our planet. It even smiles and winks at you. In fact maybe it's a space robot from another galaxy!                 
I finally broke down and decided to buy a delay pedal. At first I just wanted an MXR Carbon Copy but after selling my second amp and having extra money I decided  without hesitation to buy the RE20. I'm not going to say this is the best delay pedal on the market but it does an excellent tape delay sound for what it's worth. I really like the layout and the ability to mix tape heads and reverb. It doesn't take long at all to find a good setting either. I can't wait to use this with two amps either. I'll probably pick up the MXR someday but I won't need to.                 
havent dealt with them.                
This has taken the place of my Carbon Copy, very tweakable and sounds amazing.Also a quick shout out to Russell in Customer service,That guy goes way above and beyond for the Customer!!! Thanks Russesll!!!!                
I am a great fan of the  echo sound I am not into reverb which this unit also has to perfection.
there is nothing out there that matches this  echo sound . I use it solely for my vocals. i have never been complimented so much on my vocals since I purchased this unit. its just the best sound you could want to have and I entertain live.you can take these comments to the bank.  
a bonus would be to have 2 or three mic inputs   thank you                
I am a great fan of the  echo sound I am not into reverb which this unit also has to perfection.
there is nothing out there that matches this  echo sound . I use it solely for my vocals. i have never been complimented so much on my vocals since I purchased this unit. its just the best sound you could want to have and I entertain live.you can take these comments to the bank.                
VERY close approximation of the old Space Echo.  Tone controls allow for nice colour adjustment of the delay sound.

Reverb isn't my favourite effect.  But this one is at least usable.  Doesn't sound springy or fake.  

Seems to be a bit more sensitive to the gain of the input - especially between the difference of clean vs. distorted qualities.  The sound is good for both.  But I have to either set it for one character or the other; or try to find a useful compromise between them.  Not perfect for both.  

The real Space echos didn't seem to do that near as much as this digital version.

But again, a really nice modern rendition of a classic.  

Has some features that are kind of cool.  But some are just useless gimicks.  

The "tape speed" indicator is cute for the first 30 seconds.  But after that, it's just a battery waster.  Doesn't really serve any useful purpose.

But all of the controls do just what they are supposed to.  

The "oscillation" effect doesn't really seem to have a real use.  (1) Since the unit sits on the floor, it would be kind of silly to have to bend down just to do some non-musical effect.  With a real tape echo, you could just reach back and do it, put the speed knob back where you want it, and it's over.  

Here; even if you did want to look dorky and squat down just for that one silly thing, just putting the knob back doesn't take it out of that mode.  Ah, the price of digital.                
If one reads the names on the knobs, it shouldn't be tough at all.  The only one that will take some figuring is the main settings knob.  And a quick read of the manual (or the bottom of the unit) and that gets cleared up straight away.

If you're used to dialing in a specific number on your digital readout, best get over that quick.  Here, your ear is the only gauge of the delay tempo that will be of any use.  It's old-school, but it works great if you just learn to work with the device instead of insisting that the device pander to you.                
Seems built lots stronger than I was anticipating.  Heavier than it looks.  Reckon I could chock the wheels of my car, should I need to change a tire, in a pinch and still expect it would sound just fine at the next gig.                  
It could have been a little less expensive.  But I'm happy I have it.  Even for what I paid for it.                  
N.A.                
Very cool.  

For folks who want GUITAR sounding effects, and/or a more vintage quality to their tone, this is a hot choice.  Even better that the panel looks just like a miniature version of the 201.  Kinda takes me back a bit every time I look down.                
A good purchase.  A happy customer.  I still like the tone of my rig even after adding this one to the chain.  I worthy addition to my music.                
I just got my Space Echo today. I experimented with it for a good 4 hours straight. It's sound is wonderful it does not color or saturate the tone of your guitar at all. Theres also no hum. In my beginners set up (consisting of a Ibanez Tube Screamer and a Boss Phase Shifter) there was a lot of noise and such. When i hooked up and turned on the Space Echo it actually took some of the noise out, not all of it, but a noticable amount. I thought that was very interesting, because i read a couple reviews saying you can hear the digital processing going on in the Space Echo. I dont hear that at all. It's rather silent i think. Also, if anything it made my guitar sound more...how do i say...clear. I dont really know how to explain it, but it makes my guitar sound better. Even just having it on but the settings turned off/all the way down. It just creates a kind of ambience behind my tone that sounds wonderful.                
The features are great. 12 reverb/echo/repeat effects plus the option to alter the repeat rate, the echo volume, the intensity, input volume, and a couple other things i forget at the moment. Theres one little feature i find quite interesting that i didn't know this could do because it's never talked about, but the Twist function is very interesting. You hold down the tap tempo pedal and it starts oscilating and making a sort of "SWOOOOOOOOOOSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHH" sound, it sounded like that old sound effect from a kids cartoon where the characters are in space and they like fly through a worm hole or something. Very cool. The space echo also has the ability to store a preset in the optional expression pedal. You can program the expression pedal to control the repeat rate, the intensity, the volume, or the twist. And the space echo itself can be preset to either use the standard delay times, or the longer delay times (double the standard times basically). Theres also one setting on it, i forgot exactly how i had my knobs, but it basically became a looper. Im pretty sure it was one of the repeat settings, with the repeat rate and intensity turned all the way up (not sure though) but when i played something, it'd repeat, and never stop. It was functioning as a loop pedal too. If i find the setting again i will post it somewhere.                
This thing is incredibly simple to use. The knobs are pretty self explanitory. The only thing that gets Ease of Use an 8 is that it's tough to get how they all effect each other. Also some of the features that aren't really known, such as the Twist, and storing presets (kind of) was a little difficult for me to get at first, but a quick read through the 20 page or so manual was all that was needed to understand it all, a second or third read through might be necessary for people who like to follow the book, but other wise, you should just experiment with the settings and figure it out yourself. Its a lot more fun that way too.                
This is one of the most well-built pedals i've ever seen. When i picked it up, it felt like a brick. The manual says to be careful with it, not to drop it and all that, this thing is a freakin tank. Still take care of it though, but if i drop it like once i wouldnt be too worried. Boss is known for their well built pedals.                
Took me 4 months to save up the 250 for this thing. I think it was worth it, the money it'd take to get other pedals that'd do the same thing is a lot more then this is worth. I think it was worth every penny.                
I've only had it for a day, so i haven't really needed Customer Support. I've heard they are great though.                
Black and green made me think of "What if the Green Lantern played guitar?" This would be his main pedal. It's pretty hot.                
This is by far the best thing i've bought other than my guitar. The Space Echo adds depth and ambience to my sound, something i've been looking for for a while. I love this thing, and will treat it like a son. The sound is amazing, the features are unique and mysterious even. Theres nothing bad for me to say about this thing.                
Great vintage tape echo simulation. Perfect for playing psych, kraut & prog rock. Has a unique, ragged, lost in space feel that I haven't found in any other delay. Be sure you want this sound, though it is really tweakable so I suppose more modern sounds could be coaxed out of it. I am using it with keyboards in a band situation and sounds great in that situation as well as with guitar. The only thing I don't like is there is a slight treble cut when activated, but not terrible considering.                
Plenty of tweakability, more so than others. I wish it came with an adapter, at the price it should. I am running the 6 AA batteries and they claim 36 hours which is pretty good for this hefty delay.                 
Really easy to operate. Takes some time getting adjusted to the different tape head settings. A little goes a long way with this. At loud volumes it is easy to coax into oscillated feedback.                 
I haven't used Boss pedals before, but as far as I know they are built to last. Seems very sturdy.                 
I wish it were cheaper, but it has the sound I want and need, so that satisfaction for me is worth the extra cost.                
i've owned this pedal for over a year now and it's never let me down. the sounds you can get are incredible. there's nothing quite like having a leslie at your feet. next to buying a 122 or a 147 it's the best sounding rotary emulator i've tried or heard. i owned a hammond XK-2 and the leslie sound didn't even start to compare.                
everything you need to define your sound is on this pedal, it's got all the knobs for rise time, balance and overdrive. there's even a switch to change the overdrive from guitar or keyboard. awesome. just like any boss pedal, it doesn't come with an adapter. but that's how boss is.                
plug and play. sounds great with everything at 12 o'clock. but if you're into customizing your sound, it's incredibly easy to do. everything is right at your fingertips. i keep mine on top of my keyboard and just adjust the sounds as i go. no programmable settings, just knobs.                 
just like most boss pedals it's built like a tank, like i said, i've had mine for just over a year and nothing has broken and it always sounds like the first time i played it.                
for what this pedal does, it's worth it. i mean..if you're an organist in jazz, rock, blues, etc you need a leslie or a simulator. this is the kind of pedal you'll have on all the time, every time you play. so when you think of it that way..250 isn't a lot to pay                
for me, i wanted a leslie, but this thing gives you all the tones with out having to buy a truck to cart a cabinet around. that makes it pretty desirable don't you think?                 
i don't think i'll get another rotary pedal. if this one dies (which it shows no signs of doing) i'd buy another one. obviously, it isn't a 122 or a 147, but for the size and price worth every penny.                 
Very impressive, expressive, and tuned for recording and stage. I have not found a keyboard with a Leslie effect at any price that can match the realism this pedal emulates. I no longer lug my Motion Sound around to gigs. You are no longer restricted to miking a rotor to increase volume. Just use a larger amp! No quality loss.                 
You can read about that elsewhere, but in real world use. Rotation speed, grunge, stereo! It's all there. Works well on organ and electric piano. If you forget your adapter (sold seperately) it runs on battery. Nice touch. Haven't changed batteries in 4 months. Heavy pedal so it won't slide away. Stomp worthy pedals.                
It takes a bit of fiddling but each knob returns definite audible changes so very soon you understand which knob does what. Only difficulty is having to reach down to your feet for adjustments. If only there were an extension with the controls that you could place on your keyboard.                
Built like a tank. Don't drop it. You'll break the floor.                
Can't knock the product but it is pricey.                
Dunno.                
Ummm. It stays below my shoe. The psych light's cool.                
Portability, sound quality, reliability, durability. Makes pretty much any keyboard sound like a Hammond. What's that worth to ya?                
Very hard to find but I did. I haven't even begun to touch the surface of what the RT-20 will do. But there is no doubt. It's awesome!                
So much more than I expected.                
A bit of a learning curve for me but I don't have a whole lot of time to put into it.                
Very nice.                
You're getting what you pay for.                
Rolandus.co was helpful with a couple of questions.                
It is fun to use in a dark room but that's not really all that important.                
This is a keeper. It isn't going anywhere.                
Clear and very realistic lesly sound.                
Once you get the foot pedal,  the sky`s the limit                
Simple as they come                
Solid as a rock                
I think that all musical equipment is much too expensive.                
I would imagine that it would be great but I`ve never needed it.                
I can`t get over how closely this pedal resembles an actual Lesly.  If it`s a Lesly sound that you want,  this is exactly what you need and in my experience,20 years,  it`s the best product of it`s type on the market.                
Absolutely one of the best sounding pedal Reverb’s I’ve used to date. I’ve used Strymon, Neunaber, TC Electronic, Electro Harmonix, Eventide, DigTech/Lexicon and a few others.  They all have their tone and if it works for you great.  If you want something with more dimension and realism give the RV 500 a listen. The Plate & Hall Reverb are fantastic on nylon strings.  Lots of tweaking possibilities. It’s very easy to eq the low and high trails and tone.  Right out of the box and on my Pedalboard it’s usable.  The ability to pull off my pedal-board and use with batteries is s plus for my use at gigs with no ac.  Many of the good reverb pedals on the market don’t have this option. It’s 32bit 96k sampling is an industry high. I’m liking it so far. It’s very smooth and non grainy. I don’t care for reverb of any type when there’s a grainy trail and sounds transistorized processed. I have this setup for my main Gig Rig. From the Guitars with LR Baggs Dual Source or Fishman Presus Blend.  Line in (TR)or Wireless (SaturnA/B Switcher) with Line 6 G30 to a Grace Design AliX, DÁddarío Tuner, Boss RV500, TC Ditto Looper.                
The only reason I decided to get this pedal was for the new shimmer mode because i wanted to add more to swells. The Shimmer blends beautifully when dialed correctly or it will sound really sharp-ish. The dynamic mode is really interesting cause it automatically adjust to the style you play (soft or hard picking) the delay mode is more to be desired but i guess it could get you by if you don't have one. It's no true bypass so it does color your tone a hint if you don't run it through a effects loop. If you use a battery, it will mute everything before it if it dies. This is a really versatile reverb pedal and is perfect for its time.                
This is a fantastic reverb pedal. In this day and age with soooo many boutique pedal makers offering such a variety of options it's easy to think of BOSS as the "boring industry standard"  Don't do that. 
I needed something specifically for warm deep pad sounds in church worship playing. My budget is out of the realm of a blue sky/big sky/eventide, but this thing can do exactly what I need. I use the shimmer and modulate settings primarily but this is a complex and big sounding reverb in any of the settings. When using shimmer I turn the tone to the left to get the sound I need. Turned the right I find that the higher octave algorithms sound too metallic & digital. 
I'm super happy with my purchase.                
I equate overdrives like wasabi or cayenne pepper...its got no real flavor of its own until added on top of something. Although, id say the sd 1 adds a nice high mid to your tone. Lots of extra grit on tap too..im sure out there would be curious to know that. Just remember..its overdrive, not distotion. Overdrives are transparent and sit on top of a sound, thus if you play clean channels with an od on, youll still hear the clean signal clucking under it. a distortion is for masking or creating a channel. If you play a clean channel then kick on a distortion, you basically just created a dirty channel.                
Just perfect actually                
a caveman can do it                
Its a boss...their stuff has always seen the worst and managed to keep working.                 
Considering how many idiots will spend 200 and up for something as simple and plain as an od, this is an absolute steal. It does exactly what an overdrive is meant to do. Od pedals have no business in the boutique world.its like people trying to make a gourmet french fry and charging a premium for it. at the end of the day, its still a classless french fry. An od is still an od.                
Never needed it                
Lets say this again...its just an overdrive.  It has no character on its own. Its sole purpose is simply pushing an amp                
all guitarists need an od at some point. So its nothing special, and these types of pedals arent supposed to be. Its job is usually done well no matter how much you spend.                 
I liked the overall sound a lot. The only real con is that, depending on the level, there is a high amount of feedback from the amp, though this could be worked on.                
The knobs are relatively easy to understand. High quality metal framework and no-slip rubber.                
Small, fits on most pedalboards (I have a PB1000) and, as aforementioned, the knobs are simple enough.                
You could throw this thing out of a moving car and it will probably still work.                
Besides on zZounds, I have never seen this pedal under $45-50. I think it is better to get this than to give in to a cheap pedal or maybe to even wait for a more expensive pedal.                
zZounds.com was accurate in the shipping progress, and Boss was right to boast about its quality and features.                
It is very good-looking, unlike the EHX Big Muffs that you basically have to dedicate space to -- the rubber is no-peel, and the metal frame and construction are great.                
This is a very nice pedal; it delivers hi-fidelity sounds to your amp. If anything, it has a bit of feedback and, if not kept up, isa bit squeaky when pressed.                
I would give this a 10, but if you crank the drive you can sometimes get a little hum. Other than that this pedal is INSANE! You can get a clean, boosted sound with this or you can get a really dirty grunge sound. (Oh yeah, and everything in between!) Minus the minor hum, you almost always get an incredibly crisp sound. It's fantastic!                
It's got a LEVEL, TONE, and DRIVE knob. That's really all you need for this. Adjust the DRIVE to crank the intensity and the TONE to decide whether you want to play the highs or the lows.                
It's really easy to use. You can read the manual, which is helpful. But I really just enjoyed opening it, sitting down with it, and messing with all the knobs. Turning them this way and that, I was able to get the sounds that I desired with little or no trouble at all.                
This is a BOSS pedal. These things wouldn't break if we had a nuclear war. You don't have to worry about it breaking, IT WON'T. Just be sure to only the right type of power supply (9V battery or BOSS AC jack). Mine came with the AC power supply free.                
$50 bucks for an overdrive pedal isn't bad at all. You really get what you paid for.                
Haven't had to deal with them and I don't anticipate I will have to.                
I don't really care what it looks like, but I wanted it pretty badly. I had listened to demos of it and knew it was what I was looking for.                
I probably won't replace it. Even if I become a professional musician, I don't think I'll ever have to replace this pedal (or want to for that matter).                
Very pleased with the sound. I lean more towards rock sounds - so my tone and drive are always at 3 o'clock - works well with my strat and hollowbody - especially with the humbuckers on a hollow and single-coils. Great sound.                   
The most useful feature - ONE single tone knob! No fiddling with any High/Low knobs - one tone knob is already plenty                
Very user-friendly                
Solid. Although the paint kinda chips off easily in some places.                
Affordable. Nicely priced.                
No problems so far - don't expect any anytime soon.                
Based on the sound, I'd say this is one great overdrive pedal - would like a Blues Driver to pair with this, though.                
Great for what I need and what I do                
A well made good solid OD pedal for the money but not what I was looking for. I found it hard to dial in my tone. The SD1 had a little to much edge for me as I was looking for a warmer, smoother OD and ultimately  exchanged it for a TS9 tube screamer which I'm very happy with.                
The SD-1 is a controversial pedal in the sense that most people buy it for the wrong reasons. I myself fell into that catagory once upon a time. I would read in my favorite guitar mags about my heroes using it in their setup. You know, guys like Zakk Wylde and Eddie Van Halen who are world renown for great tone have this same yellow box on their pedalboards, so I thought this is the key to achieving great tone. This wasn't the case. The SD-1 on its own, with all the controls maxed, is not a high gain affair. So in that aspect I shelved the thing for years. As time went by though I changed my musical tastes a bit, now I lean more towards the classic country sounds of the late 60's, guitarists like Don Rich and Roy Nichols and modern day guys like Pete Anderson and Marty Stuart. Now suddenly I find this pedal to be the cream of the crop. With the drive set at around 9 o clock or less it adds the right amount of grit to a clean Fender Tube amp. Low end licks stand out in the mix much better and it adds a good amount of sustain and clarity for pedal steel licks as well. If rockabilly and roadhouse blues are your thing or if you are looking for a touch of natural sounding overdrive this is the pedal for you. Barn burners need to pass this on by though. No high gain here.                
I give it a nine because it is simple, not a lot of features, just the right ones.                
I have owned it 10 years without any worries, can't say that about the rest of my equipment.                
Great tone at half the price of Ibanez TS9. Why shell out the dough? Save it for strings.                
Never had to deal with the company but I have heard good things.                
The all metal case is the most appealing. I have owned plastic pedals that have basically been destroyed by use or accidents. Never let the drummer help you load your equipment!                
Like I said earlier, most people buy the SD-1 for all the wrong reasons. If you want high gain distortion pass this up, otherwise you will submit a report of unsatisfaction. If you want to boost your amp a little without over the top gain look no further. I will also mention that this isn't a cure for lacking tone. You need to establish a decent tone without the pedal first, then the SD-1 will accentuate that. I have tried this pedal on solidstate amps with disappointing results,works best with tube amps, in my opinion anyway.                
Excellent sound. Very useful like smooth overdrive or light distortion. Gives an increase in the medium frequencies. The only drawback of this pedal is that it sucks part of the low end response.

Good if you want to increase the guitar volume for solos.
                
Everything you need is there.                
Only 3 knobs...                
BOSS: Best pedal construction.                
Excelent sound for the money.                
Never had to contact BOSS.                
Perfect.                
Excelent.                
It's an overdrive, a good one. Pretty straight-forward, not hard to figure out. Whatever amp your running, this pedal is your upper-cut.                
I originally came into my local music store two/three weeks agolooking for the SD1 - after buying Digitech's Bad Monkey, returning it and finding the SD1 newly in stock, I quickly returned the bad monkey and scooped it up - and how glad was I! The tone is miles ahead of the shrilly digital sound of the Digi overdrive - whereas three simple knobs can make such a difference. It took a few days of tweaking and experimentation, but just recently I dialed in the perfect tone on my Crate Flexwave 120FW - and the sound I get when I stomp the boss is so pleasing I'm scared to touch the solo knobs! Overall, with a little tweaking, this pedal has enough.                
This pedal lacks features for one reason: it doesn't need alot of features to do its job. I didn't find this as a displeasing at all, but rather better. I gave it a 7 as it's not a completely flashy pedal. I don't wish it had anything more.                
With three knobs, how could you go wrong? My justification for buying this pedal was I didn't really want to be swooned to spend $100 dollars on a Tubescreamer when that in itself could buy a new pickup if need be.  For $50 and less in some places (in my case, as it was $45), and with Boss, I knew I had to atleast check it out. All in all, you don't have to be a good guitarist to get any type of moderate distortion you want.                
I love Boss pedals after I first bought the MD2 - which later turned out to be not so amazing after I discovered palm muting sounded awful on it - but after my slight experience with the way it was built like a tank, I expected no less, and no less were my expectations correct. It feels rock solid, the dials have a very unique quality to them, the finish & color is very recognizable (and that's a Boss thing; and I love it), and the sound, last but certainly not least, is better than my amp's overdrive channel in that is sounds very deep, resonant and natural. Suffice to say, it's very pleasing to have the SD1 in my loop.                
I find it extremely - amazingly - worth the price at any retailer. The price I paid was modest and still kept close to the retail value, and I would pay just about anything close if I had to buy it again.                
I have never dealt with Boss at all, but the stamp of approval on its' 5 year warranty on the box practically speaks for itself in matters of support.                
If I didn't have this pedal I would be working myself to death trying to get money for pickups, then I might decide they don't make my guitar sound any better and I go out in search of a pedal, but I can't because I'm broke as I just bought new pickups. Needless to say, I now thrive on this pedal simply because it gave me an amazing shortcut in my tone, altogether with the price I paid for it, I feel like I got my money's worth, and plenty more than that.                 
I have never tried another overdrive (beside the Bad Monkey); and although this is no original vintage TS808 or TS9, I'll give it a 9 because it isn't the best overdrive in the world. If I had to replace it, I wouldn't think of buying anything else unless I had to, and I could afford it. Because It feels like it could withstand nuclear war, this pedal isn't going anywhere out of my possession.                
This pedal sounds amazing. I'm using a crappy little 15w Fender Frontman 15G amp, but I can adjust my SD-1 pedal to get as decent sound as I can from the amp. I have heard this pedal on larger amps, and speaker cabs, and its simply phenomenal!                  
When I bought the pedal it was just the pedal, I had to buy the jumper cables and what not. It came with a 9v battery in it, but the battery didnt have much charge. Once I got the PSA adaptor I didnt have to worry about batteries just yet. 

The pedal is stomp-proof. When I'm shredding, or rocking a rhythm, this box handles my weight at about 200lbs. I would advice standing on the thing, but me stomping on it is quite enough.                
Quite simple. 3 knobs, and a pedal. I whack a chord or a note, and adjust the knobs to get the sound I want. darken the tone and up the drive, or about 50/50 on drive and level and get me a warm sound. 

The pedal came with a very simple instruction manual, and leaves room for exploration. I also forgot to say, since each pedal is color coded, it makes recognizing pedals all the easier. when your in the dark on the stage, or in broad daylight, its simple.                
As I said above, the quality is good, in both sound, and design. The only thing you really have to worry about are the conenctions sticking out of it that you might break.                 
Being priced at a price below 50 US dollars, it was a steal. good sound, for a good price. one of the better pedals for a low price.                 
I havent had to deal with the support yet. Hopefully i wont have to. So far so good.                 
Yellow, stands out, first pedal to stomp, and with the right kind of music, anything can be sexy. its small, and looks like a brick. no gawdy stomp knobs sticking out, and the sound knobs on it already are almost lower than the stomp pedal, so you dont have to worry about steping on one.                 
Nothing beats having an overdriven tube amp, but the Boss SD-1 pedal really makes the sound different, and better. When using a chip amp, it helps drive a cleaner sound.                 
Sounds very cool, but has a little bit to much high frequency                
No support needed. If broken, I'll buy a new one. Cost only $50.00                
A lot of control over the Overdrive... Tone level and drive what more do you need? and the most important part of the sound... its made by BOSS                
Simple and to the point... twist the nob and your set                
Come on? You hit it with yoour Foot and it turns on...                
Its BOSS... Well built, perfect for stage and im in a Punk Band!!!                
I picked it up for 38 Pounds stg and thats a steal $50? thats 25-30 Pounds                
Never Had To Deal Wiith Them...                
Im a fan of BOSS pedals for cosmetics durability reputation and most of all sound...                
Well its an add on not the last piece before success but well it covers youe overdrive i twin it with a custom distortion on a VOX AD30VT i have total Control                
Great Sound.  It can however suck a bit of the lower end.  This pedal has a smooth classic sound.                
Volume Tone Drive.

would be nice if you could boost some of the frequencies (namely the bass.)                
3 knobs, but a lot of combinations for sound.    Quite easy to use.                
I got this pedal used.  And then I beat the crap out of it.  This pedal might be indestructible.                
Great Value                
I haven't dealt with them about this pedal, but I did have ask Roland (Who owns boss) a couple questions about my 20+ year old JC-120 amp.  They got back to me right away.                
Looks like a Boss pedal.   Which if you know boss pedals, you would assume that it's a decent well built pedal.   It's like buying a hammer.  You know it's going to get the job done.                
This pedal has never failed me.  What it does it does well.  It has that classic sound, and can take a beating.  It isn't the right sound for all applications, but it does work for a good many.  I'd rather have this pedal than some others with much higher prices.                
excellent, the idle humming is barley noticebale                
none needed...its a pedal                
3 knobs, could it get easier? pedal goes down easy                
sturdy, everything is great                
cheappppp                
good deal                
everyone should have this, its a good base sound                
This is the best pedal you could ever own. It sounds so good! Put it into a high-powered amp and just let go! I have all the settings on the pedal to about 2 o'clock                
IT doesn't have a lot of features but it doesn't need many its an OVerdrive pedal and it is the best there is.                
It is a boss, it will still be around long after i'm gone.
                
Wasn't very expensive at all. The technology isn't cutting edge but it doesn't need to be. This is a brilliant overdrive pedal. It lets you rock HUGE while given a lot of transparency so all the little details of your playing, what makes you, you, is still there. It isn't muddled up by the overdrive.                
never had to deal with them don't know.                
BUY IT! YOU WON"T REGRET IT.
                
As i said before brilliant pedal, it wasn't alot of money and it sounds incredible!                
I have used this overdrive pedal for more than twenty years. This pedal allows you to take the original tone with on/off pedal pedal comparisons and increase the gain to the point that your amp will naturally follow.                
3 knobs, that is all. Each one is truly usable.                
Over twenty years of use without a single problem or "scratchy" pot...'nuff said!                
Value!!! I paid more for this pedal ($60 US) in the early 1980's. The industry has certainly changed!                
This pedal has a lot of good settings. If someone does not like this pedal, it is likely that they do not like their original tone. This pedal adds layers of great overdrive.

If you have a weak solid-state "bedroom amp", you may not like this pedal. If you want a distortion pedal that sustains tones for days, this pedal is not for you.

I got lucky over twenty years ago to find a pedal that does not "clamp"(compress) and merely "fuzz" like Electro Harmonix Big Muff, and not add notchy/cheap/feedback riddled tones like other offerings by Boss/MXR/DOD(Digitech).                
This pedal has little is integral of my sound. I use it with my 1974 all-tube Sunn Model T, and a Gibson electric guitar. The tone I shoot for is Black Sabbath/ Corrosion of Conformity/ Black Flag/ Down/ Down II.

I'm a 24 year guitar veteran. I use to gig on a semi-pro level and now I am just a hobbiest.  I was always against any sort of midi / guitar synth system. Then one day I got a wild hair up my arse and decided to buy the Boss SY-300. This is one of the best purchases I ever made! MIND BLOWN!! I liked this so much that not long after I bought this I ended up getting the Boss GP10 and the Roland GR55 guitar synths. These processors hooked up with head phones.....MIND BLOWN!!!!                
This unit is way more convenient than the type that requires a midi cable.  However, the sounds that it can produce are very limited and it does not really work well unless your using a clean channel without any distortion.  I am using a splitter so that the synth is is going to a clean amp with a volume pedal and my other amp has the typical overdrive tones.  This is the only way that I found it usable for playing out in a band.  It adds much texture and fullness but at a steep price,                
Sound was very clear, just not musically useful.                
You can edit, but extremely limited editing. The sounds were all canned and very little manipulation was allowed, so you are stuck with cheesy canned sound effects.                
Extremely limited, very menu intensive, not at all user intuitive.                
Built like the best paper weight ever made.                
It's equivalent to one of those novelty cheesy synth stomp boxes that winds up in a pawn shop for $125                
The company is obviously not going to allow you to have the same sounds on their expensive synthesizers in this box unless they can sell you special pickups and deal with tracking issues.                
Looks great, built a nice looking box, unfortunately it's a way over priced useless box.                
As a typical synthesizer, there are hundreds of patches, most are useful. In this situation, there are hundreds of patches and maybe 1 or 2 were usable. Just a bunch of sound effects you'd find on a movie soundtrack, nothing you could play single note scale or solo unless you just held a chord for 10 seconds waiting for the outcome of your sound. Such a bummer because you don't need a special pickup and there is no tracking issues, just no usable sounds. Epic fail Boss!                
I play mostly "Clean Traditional Jazz Guitar" using Chrome Flat wounds, few effects and seldom utilize distortion. My tone is very jazz box with just a touch of highs on the tone setting. As such, I was looking for a really clean, neutral echo device and found it.The Tera Echo creates beautiful ambient echo which seems to favor no particular frequency. It's just gorgeous and reminds me of a multi-room sized physical tank echo unit I once had the pleasure of experiencing at Sunset Recorders in LA when I was a punk kid during the 1960's. While it's normally very neutral, if I dig in, the unit creates an "after-sound echo" that resembles an explosive digital comb sweeping beautifully through the note or chord I played. Beyond my narrow usage, the I guTE-2 creates a multitude of beautiful effects which ought to turn on the creativity of any Guitar Player. I like it.man                
This thing sets the bar so damn high, that after using it you can’t even see the bottom. It takes you on a journey through time and space. It’s beyond an echo, delay, or reverb. It has a spatial envelope filter, that is unlike anything else. It will make any player sound better.                
Sound is very good overall.  Can get a nice variety of trem rate and depth.  I like the wave shaping also.                  
I like the features overall.  For the $, this seemed to have everything I had a need for.  Some of the Boss pedals aren't worth much, but this is one of their better effects pedals out there.  I'm not afraid to buy expensive gear, but I just couldn't see that much more value in the higher end boutique trem effects pedals.  I guess it's all about the sound you want.  I wanted a pedal version of the old-school vibrato channels on the fenders, and this does the trick nicely for me.                
Very straightforward and easy to use.                
Seems to be very high quality, as all Boss pedals are.  I've had some, under very heavy use, that are 8 years old, and still look barely used.                  
This is a nice value, mid-range tremelo pedal.  You can spend more on Boutique's, but unless you need a very specific sound, I find this pedal gives all most players would need in a tremelo.                  
Never needed to call support.  No issues.                
This is a no-nonsense straightforward tremelo pedal.  You can spend more for fancy looking, but I appreciate the functional layout and design.  Very consistent with all Boss pedals.                
This is a good, solid pedal, and in my opinion, all most players would ever need.                  
Very warm sounding tremolo. Slight volume drop when engaged but, honestly, it's not THAT noticeable.                  
Triange/square wave option is very useful. Depth knob doesn't really come into play until 12:00. Speed range is perfect. Won't go ring mod fast or crazy slow, but a wide enough range for normal use. Not true bypass but the buffer is fine, and sometimes a buffer is useful.                
Easy as pie. Three knobs and a stomp. Dialing in a good sound on this pedal is simple.                 
It's a Boss, it's not going to fall apart on you                
I went through a handful of tremolo pedals, some priced 3x as much as the Boss, but I kept coming back to the TR-2. For a fraction of the cost, it sounds just as sweet as the rest. You can't beat the value.                 
Great tremolo pedal, even better value! Don't over-think it.                 
Forget all the comments about volume drop.  There is no volume drop and this pedal does not color your tone one bit.    I tried a couple of what I call minature novelty pedals and they were more like a volume boost-tone pedal.  I wanted something to dress up my slow ballads and of course "Born On The Bayou".  This is totally transparent sound wise and perfect.  Boss wins again.                
This is the best built, best sounding tremolo for the money... What doesn't work for me is the very small taper area of common rate speeds all within 10 to 2 on the rate control. So many effects today employ a Tap Tempo to achieve the correct speed for a song. Trying to dial these correct tempos in is nearly impossible... Roland Boss fixed the volume drop... Now, they need to spread out the Rate Taper... Then this pedal would be perfect.                
As much as I dig these pedal for what it does and it does sound good when set right,I had to remove it from my pedal board cause it seems to cause my low end all of a sudden disappears. I have eleven Boss pedals and two DC-Brick power supply's and whenever I add the TR-2 my low end disappears. The rest of the Boss pedals have a great buffer except this TR-2. Maybe Boss needs to go back to the drawing board on this particular pedal...                
This is by far the most accurate, easy to use tuner of this side. Even better than ones that cost 3x more!!! Get a couple                
I've used this for both the bass and guitar in live settings and it's done everything I could want it to do.  If you take the time to learn how to switch the modes, there are no issues at all.  I love the mute/gate when it is engaged as I do some bass playing for religious services and it is a great to be able to tune/adjust quickly on the fly.  The LED lights are nice and bright and visible when the stage lighting is bright.  Additionally, I've found the accuracy of the tuning to be spot on.                
Most useful features described above.  However, if you're going to use it alot, get a power adapter.  This thing loves batteries.  But DON'T buy the Boss one.  I bought the "one spot" adapter and it has held up far better with no issues.  Didn't give it a 10 due to the adaptor Boss has and the fact that it loves batteries.                
I read manuals unlike most people.  So if you read the manual, it is SIMPLE to use.  I browsed through the little manual in the box and had it up and running for both guitar and bass and can now change it on the fly.                
Boss - always has rugged dependable stuff.  Their adapters suck though.  Get a 'One Spot'.                
I have a Korg rack tuner for bigger gigs, and I use this for smaller ones.  Well worth the money for the smaller gigs but could be used for large ones as well it that's your preference.                
Never have needed support of any kind.  Says alot about their products if you ask me.                
I've always been partial to the simplicity/look of MXR boxes as the Boss boxes are a bit bigger.  But I have no issues with this one at all.  It has already received its share of nicks and bumps from consistant setup and tear down - that makes it "prettier" in my opinion.                
Overall a 9 - again, hate the adapter, but this product itself is worth every penny.                
Doesn't produce sound. It's a tuner.                
This is amazing! It allows you to tune basses, guitars, everything! In all tunings!                
All you do is plug on end of the cord into you amp, and the other end into the input of the pedal and press down on the pedal and it tunes for you.                
100% awesome.                
I would reccomend this over any other tuner.                
I'm a novice and I previously used a super snark for tuning but since getting the TU-3 it's all I use. very easy to use and accurate, I've even set my intonation by it. The only thing I don't like is when you go sharp, say C sharp, the tiny dot that represents # is hard to see for my old eyes. If you run this on battery be sure to unhook the instrument cable from it when your done or it will eat your battery up by morning. plugging the instrument cable into it is what actually turns it on , not stepping on it. zZounds is quick to ship, love it!                
It's a tuner and isn't supposed to affect the sound.                
Incredibly practical to have highly visible, silent turning available while on stage.                
Easy to turn on and off. One of the visual tuning aid modes is very good, the other less so. I have a feeling they could come up with something a little less busy if they worked on it. It's very clear when the tuning is dead on, sometimes a little less clear as to which way to adjust it.                
Seems very rugged.                
I haven't seen many similar tuners. It's definitely worth the extra money as compared to the Boss non-pedal tuner.                
n/a                
Assuming it doesn't wear out or die prematurely, I would definitely replace it with the same model.                
It doesn't seem to add any noise to the signal, so it's fine to leave it in the effects chain.                
Works great.                  
Easy to use.                
Built like a tank.                
It's worth it, definitely.                
I registered the product at the Roland website.  It was an easy, hassle-free process.                
It's not all that great to look at, but it does what it does so well, aesthetics are irrelevant.                
This is my go-to tuner, for now.  I don't expect that to change any time soon.                
Works as it should. The buffer in it is very good. Gives you consistent tone when ran 1st before all your other pedals, but after a fuzz.                
The different modes for tuning are super useful, and high brightness mode is helpful for bright environments.                
Dirt simple to use                
super well made, bullet proof like all other boss pedals.                
yeah its worth the money, but now in days, you can tune more than one string at once, and other tuners have better displays or more accuracy. But this is one is better for tone and built stronger.                
nope no need to                
I rate it super well. Its improved my tone running it 1st. The buffer is one of the best I've tried,                 
Great tuner. Well built. Great buffer. Consistent tone. Will last a long time.                
I used this tuner for a week now, I really like it. I just can not understand why I am blowing through batteries  so fast. Do I have to unplug the pedal every time I am done with it?  I step on it to turn it off but the next day I go to use it, the battery is dead. these batteries are almost $10 a piece. maybe I am doing something wrong. this is my first pedal. the Pedal Works like a charm it is very accurate.                
I've had it since its first inception in 2010 and am glad I have it on my pedalboard! I bought two of them,one for back up.  I don't care how great of a Guitar/Bass player someone thinks they are,if your not in tune all the time,YOU WILL SUCK! and loose gigs.. I play semi-pro gigs  that pay! and let me tell you they don't have time for mickey mouse teenage guitarist mentality. If you cant tune your guitar fast and deliver the goods that your expected you don't get a call back.....THIS TUNER HAS SAVE ME LOTS OF GOOD GIGS! and the plus side,no tone loose at all.                
Thud! If you drop it, it makes a thud, nut this thing is built to last.                
I really like how of you want to tune your guitar to drop D or anything, it will show you how far you are from it. The little LED lights are spot-on with pitch accuracy.                
Very easy. It's so simple and so effective, best tuner out on the market. Except for maybe Gibson's Min-etune thing.                
It's built like a tank. It's made of metal and pretty darn durable. I dropped it one time, and there wasn't even a scratch!!!                
Well worth the $100. Could be $85, nut I'm kinda cheap. Well worth the money for sure. I entered in everything as 5-stars, but it wouldn't keep them for some reason.                
No, but I'm sure they're pretty Boss-y                
WOW! Its an essential, and I was pretty picky about pedal tuners, since I can't really hear myself on stage or practice. This little thing is really helpful as well as convenient.                
I honestly wasn't expecting much, but when it arrived I quickly changed my mind. It was kind of funny, because when I opened it a few papers flew out of the little box it's in. It sure does it job, very very accurate if you know how to use it!                
The pedal has precise tuning and takes 3 seconds to get up and running. I know many friends who use this pedal and swear by it, which is why I purchased it.I'm Incredibly happy with it and I'm looking forward to having this around for a very long time!                
The inline Boss TU-3 is perfect for outdoor gigs where temperature changes require frequent retuning.  Just step on the pedal, tune offline without disconnecting any cords or turning off the amp, then click again and you're back in business.  It also eliminates amp poping sounds when switching guitars.  The indicator is easy to read from a standing position.                
Works as advertised.  Necessity for ANY pedal board.                
Love the tuner so couldn't bring myself to rate it poorly even though it doen't produce sound.                
Love the Sweep function and the off standard memorization settings. Our Church piano is tuned at 438(!) instead of 440. My other tuner, though capable of setting to 438, it reverts back to standard on power up.                
Lots of features, so it does take some time to get comfortable with the operation.                
Still have a Tu-2 (?). Not even sure how old it is, but it still works fine. Also have several other foot pedals from the company and all still work.                
Great price from Zzounds and this tuner will last forever.                
Though I haven't had to use them. Again can't give them a rating hit because their product performs so well for so long....                
Have a couple tuners, but HAD to have this one for all the features, reliability and ease of use                
Doubt I'll ever need to purchase another tuner unless I get tired of carting this one back and forth.                
By far the best tuner for the money hands down. This pedal is durable, reliable, and always dependable. I have seen way more expensive rack tuners that can't touch this tuner!                
Why in the world would you only have a "sharp" indicator, when almost everyone tunes to "flat"?  Sure, you know that d sharp is the same as e flat, but especially when quickly dropping your low string on a e flat guitar to d flat, who wants to even waste that much attention if you only have a few seconds between songs?  My son plays onstage with four guitars in four different tunings, some to standard and some flat, so using just the "flat mode" is not an option.  Lots of options on this pedal, but I think that's where the problem lies:  it's trying to be all things to all players.  Overall, it tries to do too much at once and wind up doing it's job less well as a result.  Bypass is dead silent, so that's nice.  Power supply would be handy if I didn't already have one.  Overall, underwhelming.  I expected more from Boss.                
No draw on tone that I hear. I believe it is true bypass.                
Use it on anything you'd like.                
Little weird at first but it is a good solid tuner.                
This company (roland/boss/edirol) will be around for a long time.                
It was a a gift. Priceless as they say.                 
Web site is pretty good and has all manuals etc.                
Never used a tuner. I can tune on the fly.

I like the pedal for its approach to visual tuning. Very cool.

So I do use it before playing a set.                
will never own another tuner. still have boss gear from twenty years ago.                
I found this piece to do exactly what I was told it would do. It is easy to install and use with my equipment. It greatly enhanced both my recordings and live performances. Thanks for making it available.
It is amazing to me what one man can produce with an instrument and the right equipment                
Phenomenal.  The vocals are rich and flexible even without pitch correction.  You can push this unit to the extreme and still sound really good.  Bending notes transition smoothly (no chattering effect).  Layering vocal loops does not degrade the previous loops, so you can sing rounds and not lose fidelity.  With a little tweaking, I even made myself sound like an African chorus (I'm Chinese, so this really messes with people)                
Lots of useful features for vocalists.  Easy to read the display in any condition.                  
SO easy to use, yet powerful.  The menu was so easy that I have yet to open the manual.  I knew almost every feature by the time this left the store.  I even trained the sales person on how to use it!                
Built like a brick.  My only concern is missing the pedal in the heat of performance, and snapping off the sound dial, but even that looks like it could take a few good stomps and survive.                
Hard to say.  I've been seeking a vocal pedal that does the things this one does for a couple of years, so to me this thing is an excellent value.  The price is a bit steep, but beats every vocal pedal out there, sooo....                
Don't think I'll need Boss support for this pedal.  Ever.                
It looks like every dual pedal effect Boss makes.  I love that it's not cluttered with lots of buttons and dials.  What I love most about it is the fact that it's EXACTLY what I wanted in a vocal pedal, but no one made it until Boss released this.  Someone at Boss did their research.

(note: at the time I discovered the VE-20, I couldn't afford it but bought it anyway.  I'll just eat lots of Top Ramen this month.)                
I suspect that this pedal will become legendary, like the DS-1.  I hope Boss continues this pedal because it fits live and studio applications very well.  I would definitely replace it if lost/stolen/broken, and hope that I can replace it easily if that happens.                
It doesn't weaken your tone at all when adding effects. If you looking for some good reverb, modulation, and delay this thing does the trick and sounds as good as many $$rack units out there. The double voice effect sounds great for a chorus live.                 
It has a lot of great features but you can't control everything with you feet.                
Really easy to use. Building off the presets is easy. The presets sound pretty good already.                
Boss pedals are always built well.                
Great service and company.                
Sounds as good as many rackmounts that are at least 2x the price.                
Shouldn't have made it like there twin guitar pedals. Boss should have made this a new design with more pedals and an expression pedal for more control in a live situation. But that's the only problem.                
The pedal was even better than I thought it would be. I've been playing for 50yrs and don't impress easily. But WOW, this thing is amazing. As always dealing with Zzounds is the best experience of ALL online music stores. Their 4 pay plan makes it easy as pie to get anything you could want. Thank you fro being who you are                
I rate this item 5 diamonds & 5 stars:  Easy to set up and breakdown.  The menu is simple to use.  I've been doing the gig scene here in the Hawaiian Islands for more than 30 years....the economy kind put all of us entertainers to be 'soloist'....this BOSS VE20 Voice Performer Pedal is so handy and supportive....I don't feel so lonely now when I do my gigs......DonaldKaulia(iTunes)                
The sound of this boss ve-20 is off the hook !!! And the quality, you can beat it. It has a very precise responce, it,s right on the money. The sound OMG it's the bomb! I can achieve whatever sound I could possibly imagine, it,s amazing to say the least. I'm just starting to experiment with it, 'cause I just got it, but OMG I am really blown away! It is on the same level as I am, it's a goes-with type of box. It does what you program it to do, and the sound by it self, bud, it's unbelieveable. It really sounds great with other products. And for recording live, the sound is quality,quality,qaulity. In the setting department, the sky is the limit. I'm using this pedal with my Behringer and Peavey mixers combined and getting the max out of it! The sound I my environment is absolutely a 10! If I could change anything it would be the way the harmonies sound, but it's steal the absolute BOMB!                 
This pedal did come with the adapter and six batteries so it's on! Ready to rock your world, as they say.  I'm steal experimenting with the pedal so I'm really ready to commint on the least and any features I wish it had, but maybe later on I could comment in that area. This pedal is made of quality materials and it looks like it could last a life time and the components are tight and just what this box needs.                
It'pretty easy to get the sounds you want, I mean, you have to go through all the setting, but this gives you a lot of options as to what you want to hear as you sing and play. I've not used this with interface, so I'm not able to comment in this area. It's pretty easy to use once you get acquainted with it. There is definitely a learning curve, the manuel does help in assitting one's path. Have not tried it on any instruments so cannot comment in that area.                 
This product is very durable, in my opinon, I think it could last a lifetime. the quality and the cosmetic of this product is top notch. I've only had it one month and so far, it's always functioned each time I've hit the on buttom...I have no backup, but I really don't think I will need one (backup). This product will be great for the road. It could very well last a decade or more.                
Yes                
I gave this a 7 because I do not know what the company would do should I need their assistance...                
This product is COOL,COOL,COOL! This is a great addtion to my instrument arsenal.                
I suspect that I will be satisfied for a good minute with this product. This product does meet my goals and then some. If it were stolen I would have to purchase another one,(the same VE-20) already, I am very attached to this pedal. Before I bought this product I wish I had known how much I needed something like this. I really like the many things this unit can do, and make my songs go to a higher level as far as quality.                 
I am a Drummer and I've wanted a hands free harmonizer for a long timeI started using the unit straight out of the box. It's very simple to operate. The menus are easy to navigate and the manual is an easy read. I had distortion when I first fired up the unit but after I turned down the Master level and the Mike Sensitivity it was fine. The WOW factor is the combination of things this unit can do. It's an effects unit, a vocoder, a looper ect... if you bought all of these as separate units you would spend a lot more than the asking price of the VE20. Also, the sound quality is wonderful.On the down side I find that the unit is a bit awkward to use as a floor unit since you have to make menu adjustments by hand. I have mine setting on a music stand on my left side and run it by hand.All in all the Boss VE20 is a very well constructed quality unit and a great value. Buy it.                
This compact pedal delivers believable harmonies, nice reverbs and clear delays.  I tested everything out there and nothing this small delivers so much and you don't have to play instrument although I do. I have a small rack of effects (Lexicon, TC Electronic, Aphex Aural Exciter and Tube preamps).  I don't cart the rack to gigs anymore.  I can reasonably achieve those studio effects and carry in my gig bag.  Boss got it right.                 
No accessories.  It should have included the PSA power adaptor for $250, but I went ahead and got one separately. I believe the presets are good and a real joy of this box is the ability to tweak delay times, feedback, the dynamics, 5 or so reverbs and stacking harmonies. However, the phrase looper and the ability to overdub is remarkable.                 
Good manual but I just opened and started testing.                 
Made of metal...should withstand gig abuse for many years.                 
I would have paid a bit more now that I've tested it.  Again, it should come with a power supply.                
Haven't needed.                
I saw this on a You Tube video featuring Alexx Daye and had to have one.                 
This is going to be in my arsenal for a long while. The first gig I used it on...people took notice of the harmonies coming from just ME!!!                
Yep before I got committed to the boss I checked out the tc Helicon and all the others as well and now that I own the boss and have had a chance to use it for a couple months I am so very glad I did.1. Don't need an instrument to "trigger" the key your back ups are singing in.2. Very programable without a big investment in time to set up your patches your way.3. The vocal quality is pristine in your lead effects and your back ups.4. The transition while your backups follow u is flawless, no hiccups or stutters.5. Once you get a couple of customized patches you like programmed close to each other the foot switches work quietly and flawlessly to move between patches.6. The whole manual (in english) is about 15 pages and is strait forward and easy to understand.Boss got this one right, my guess is that this one will be a classic amongst pedals.Honestly I use only a couple of patches most of the time and the sound (as long as your voice is right on and in key) is like cd quality. If your looking for a way to improve your show quality,Â  specifically in the vocal dept. then this is the only one to buy.                
This processor is definitely one of the better vocal processorsnon the market, especially for the price! I have also owned the Digitech 300 and the Boss blows it away. The preprogrammed effects are very useful and stageready and the sound quality is phenomenol!                
I play professional  so you would not believe how much this helps my voice! amazing. It would be nice if the power cord came with it , but It's great anyway .                 
Simplicity in a duel pedal box... no need to call NASA....or get a grad from MIT to help ya out witth this...the manual is simple the layout,design,functions are simple yet tough.
I use this ( borrowed) and digitech300/400 vox system-both are rugged,simple but this is the BOSS....ya can't/won't sound fake... nuff said !                
I like the way it works and sounds.                
after speaking with a customer service person who checked it out for me, found out you could use it with a separate send from the mixer board, you can send any one person to the unit by changing the sends, me vocals ,you thru unit for back ups, you lead vocal me backups changing sends on board, inexpensive answer to better vocal sounds                
DON'T KNOW WHY I WAITED SO LONG. THIS IS THE BEST PIECE OF EQUIPMENT I OWN.  THE VE20 HAS CHANGED HOW THE WHOLE BAND PLAYS AND HAS PUSHED MY VOCALS TO PLACES I HAVE BEEN AFRAID TO TRY. IT IS TOTALLY AMAZING AND I STILL HAVE NOT CHECKED OUT ALL THE FEATURES...   I LOVE IT ..... TOTALLY RECOMMEND IT..                
Comparable to rack units in terms of sound. 30 well selected presets that can be modified into 30 user banks. I'm a sax player that wanted to have a good sounding verb and delay no matter where I went or what system I was plugged into. This met that need. I also used the octaves, harmonizer, and chorus to fatten up parts. I like that the second pedal is assignable so that I could keep my reverb delay settings and kick in the doubling and harmonizing as needed. This product was very quiet as compared to the TC Helicon Create pedal that I used. Each serve different functions but I found the boss pedal to be far more flexable and the sound much cleaner.                
It had the feature set that I needed. I would have liked a few more parameters to tweek but after all this is a stomp box and not a studio verb unit. While on the subject of studio, I would not hesitate to use it for session work.                 
The box is layed out logically and five minutes with the instruction booklet had me up and running. I was able to program in 10 user patches in the first hour I had the box and I played my first gig with the box that night. Six of the ten patches I programmed in were keepers and I actually fine tuned the sounds on break and was able to dial in what I was wanting. Great that those parameters can be named, copied, swapped, and stored.                
The product is the same construction as Boss's other twin pedals.                
I think the pedal is a bargain.                
No opinion                
Not much on sex appeal for stomp boxes. It simply works as advertised.                
This pedal will be used for many years to come.                
I bought it as a gift for my daughter in California and it arrived just in time for Christmas! Thanks zZounds! She lives it!                
When you add up everything this pedal offers, tuner, guitar fx, deep vocal fx, a mixer and a looper, you can't come close to replicating all of that with separate pedals, for even twice the price! The audio quality is superb.                 
I've been using the Boss VE8 for about 2 months and it has replaced my TC Helicon Mic Mechanic 2 and TC BodyRez (for busking) and in doing so, I've added a looper and harmonies! Comparing the vocal and guitar FX between the Boss and TC gear...they're different, but neither is necessarily better than the other. (For reference I also have a TCH VoiceLive 2). To my ears, the harmonies on the Boss unit seem to have more of a "live" sound, like when you hear a recording of a live concert on the radio, whereas the TCH gear has a more polished studio vibe to it. Sometimes the TCH VL2 can come off as a little overdone for a solo/duo acoustic show, but is great with the band. When it comes to the Boss guitar "Resonance" feature, it's good. Very good, but I slightly prefer the BodyRez for tone, but the Boss for convenience. (The BodyRez had to be powered by a Volto 2)
I bought this primarily because it is battery powered. I'm using the VE8 with a TC Helicon MP70 mic and Line6 G30 wireless system (Powered by a Volto 2), running into a Roland Street Cube EX (also battery powered) for busking, outdoor weddings, parties and camping. It's a great rig! I can carry it all in one trip. However for "stage gigs" I'll still use my TC gear.                
This pedal is amazingly versatile with a built in two track mixer and looper, and a bunch of really excellent effects for vocals and guitar, or any line input. When I think of what simple BOUTIQUE PEDALS GO FOR, THIS A STEAL!                
This is a very cool and useful tool for any solo musician, I only wish it had some compression in it.The harmony portion is a 5 star however in my personal opinion. I would highly recommend this Boss product to any soloist. All though it does not have a compression button it still holds it's own with any other or all solo/acoustic devices.                
Boss has a real winner here. you get a real talk box sound without the tube in your mouth and you get 2 vocoder sounds and a choir like sound. you can also blend your guitar or bass with these effects. It sounds very good with the guitar and excellent with the bass in my opinion                 
A little harder to use as a talk box then an actual talk box, but a simpler set up and no nasty hose.                 
I bought this for a traveling option and easy and carefree wireless option. It is easy to charge and comes with a cable to charge either or both the receiver and transmitter if you dock the transmitter in to the receiver. You can charge both independently if you have another USB mini cable. I get a good amount of use and can easily last a whole 4-5 hours. I like that it fits in my case easily and can be charged with a Mobile battery pack while I am at the gig while in my case. Sound is good and the range is great, about 30 feet is all I have really tried it may go more, but that is enough to move around when playing without the hassle of a cable trip or Jack Snap. I am 3-4 Months using it and am very pleased so far CJWII                
NO BATTERY REPLACEMENT
The unit itself is OK and a convenient size however, after contacting Boss a few times they finally admitted the batteries are NOT replaceable and don't know the battery life would be they emailed me back and said I quote:
"The WL-20 Manufacturer Warranty is for 1 Year Parts 90 Days Labor.
If you have an issue with the WL-20 Battery within Manufacturer Warranty Terms then it can be serviced/replaced by our Roland Boss Factory Service Department.
We unfortunately can't provide you with the information regarding how long the unit will last this may change and may differ depending on usage."
In my internet research I found this information again I quote:
"The typical estimated life of a Lithium-Ion battery is about two to three years or 300 to 500 charge cycles, whichever occurs first. One charge cycle is a period of use from fully charged, to fully discharged, and fully recharged again."
Also I quote:
"If the voltage of a lithium-ion cell drops below a certain level, it's ruined. Lithium-ion batteries age. They only last two to three years, even if they are sitting on a shelf unused. So do not "avoid using" the battery with the thought that the battery pack will last five years".
This means when the WL-20 won't hold a charge anymore after the warranty period you have buy a new one. These are one shot devices and I am disappointed at this. I might try to return it and continue to use my current wireless. With replaceable batteries.
Mine was delivered today, and what a difference in sound quality and playability vs the basic Fender it replaced.  Breedlove quality at an affordable price.                  
THE GOOD:This guitar arrived on time and packaged properly. The guitar is visually flawless. The neck is straight. The fret ends are perfect.The on board electronics work as expected. THE UGLY:The nut slots were not filed properly resulting in very tight binding on the G, B & high E strings. The truss rod nut was loose, requiring 3 full rotations to engage the rod. The bridge saddle was extremely HIGH requiring substantial sanding to be able to set up a low action. The gig bag is not sufficient to provide the protection necessary for a $400 investment. Order a hardshell case with this guitar! After setting up I have found this axe to be a great sounding and playing instrument.5 stars for build quality. 1 star for factory setup.3 stars for QC at shipping stage.                
Once again, you folks at zZounds have come through, just as you have before for me. Not a mark on my new Breedlove Discovery and once tuned, it's a pleasure to play. Great tone, but better strings will only improve that! Thanks for the great service and I look forward to doing more business with y'all in the future!!!!!                
As a satisfied owner of an 11 year old Korean-Made Breedlove Atlas AC25/SR Plus (still going strong!), I was already leaning towards Breedlove for my first high-end American Made acoustic. However, I spent time playing Taylor 4 and 5 series, Martin 16s and 18s of various shapes and Gibson J45 and AG Hummingbird because I wanted to make sure my bias didn't prevent me from getting the best guitar for my money.After playing over 10 other great guitars, I still came back to the Breedlove for its sound, tonal range, comfortable neck and the beautiful look of natural Myrtlewood grain. Every time I strum, the guitar sings with a resonance and sustain I just don't hear from the other models mentioned. And this neck is sooo easy to play. For comparison, it reminds me of a Taylor 6 or 714, but for $1200 less of course. Quality: Fantastic, out of the box the action was absolutely perfect, fit and finish flawless. I went over this thing with a fine-tooth comb and can't find anything to complain about.Playability: Breedlove is known for super comfortable satin necks, and this one is no different. It plays like butter. The concerto shape is just as comfortable as a concert body.Features: It comes with the soundhole-mounted LR Baggs EAC VTC pickup, sounds very natural plugged in. But, I miss the built in tuner featured on Fishman Pickup systems and I can't see what my volume or tone is set to at any given time. I'll surely live, but as someone who does gig once a week i miss the convenience.Sound: Play it if you ever come across one, the concerto shape truly changes the game. It'll out perform any other acoustic in the price range.Materials: Love the myrtle wood, it's just plain gorgeous. Be careful though because the grain of every top will look different. Luckily if you buy from zZounds you will see hi-res pictures of the exact guitar you're buying, can't say that about other retailers. Ebony bridge and fretboard, tusk nut, hard rock maple neck, great tuners. It's well appointed for sure.TLDR: Buy it!                
First off, I live in a small enough town, so small that there is no music store around. So, I have bought all 4 of my guitars from zZounds online. And actually, I've bought 5 but returned one of them, which was an easy-peazy process with zZounds. That said, I thoroughly research each instrument, read tons of reviews, watch a couple dozen YouTube video reviews, and talk to other musicians before I purchase a guitar. 
This is my first Breedlove purchase and I'm quite sure that it won't be my last. This guitar is AWESOME. I don't know how else to say it, just simply awesome. The Oregon series guitars are just what everyone said they were, great guitars. I got the Whiskey Burst version and it looks incredible. The glossy Solid Sitka Spruce top with the burnt edge really sets this instrument off and could double as a piece of artwork in your living room, cave, or studio. That would be a waste though, this guitar wants to be played. It sounds louder than I expected from a concert series model and has more bass than I expected as well. The tones ring out through the sound hole crisply and sustain quite well. It has an 1 3/4" nut width which makes it easier to play for somebody (like me) that has plumper fingers. And it is easy to play, very easy to play. 
The top is solid Sitka Spruce, and solid Myrtle wood back and sides. The Myrtle is satin finish and it looks good and should season well over the years. The back of the neck is beautifully done in a satin hard maple and feels perfect to my hand as I play. I've played it plugged in and it sounds pretty dang good then too. 
The only downside I would say about this guitar is that when you get down to finger picking frets 15-20 the sound seems to diminish some. But it is an acoustic guitar and most of the time I live above 12 so it isn't really a big deal, just an observation. 
One more thing I should add is that the Oregon Concert Acoustic won the 23rd Annual MMR Dealers Choice Award for Acoustic Guitar of the Year in 2015. So, I'm not alone when I think that this guitar is fantastic.                 
This is an awesome instrument! Fun and Pleasurable to play, easy fretboard and neck navigation, beautiful looking, right sized for comfort, What can I say, it is near perfect!!                
A mid-range heavy sound with the factory strings. 80/20's feel much more suitable for this guitar. Lots of tone and sound, although because it's a concert body, it's not gonna be as loud as a dreadnought or jumbo.                
Very simple electronic system that has two dials, one for tone and one for volume. No battery changes needed, and the guitar cable plugs into the bottom strap button.                
Plays nicely. Very comfortable guitar to play.                
Fantastic quality. Guitar case that comes with it is all black on the inside(velvet) and outside.                
I haven't tried the Taylor 312, but this guitar stands up on its own pretty well. I managed to get mine for a good price though, when Breedlove discounted these guitars to accommodate new limited edition versions of these guitars.                 
N/A                
It's just a great guitar.                
Before getting this guitar, I was originally looking at Taylor's 312ce's and 214ce's, until I found this guitar, which had everything I wanted (concert body, electric, non-gloss sides and back). I was a bit skeptical because Breedlove's aren't as popular or reviewed a whole lot, but I figured I would give this a guitar a chance.
Overall, this guitar sounds and looks fantastic! Tone wise with the factory strings (phosphor bronze), it sounds very mid-range heavy, giving the guitar a warm, mellow-ish sound to it. With 80/20's though, the guitar brightens up a lot more, and is definitely my choice of strings. I managed to get a great deal for my Breedlove, and don't regret it one bit!                
This is one fine Breedlove guitar. Balance, tone, playability & looks are all exceptional. Breedlove's customer service is as fantastic as the outstanding guitars they craft. Do yourself a favor & buy one. You will be pleased! Overall rating is a 5!                  
this is 1 of the finest acoustic guitars on the market in some way it reminds me of my old guild acoustic that were made in nj. I am not here to sell you but if you try it you will buy it period. wise decision  friends.                
I received this guitar as a military retirement gift from my wife. It has great clarity when plugged in and sounds boomier than it appears, whether plugged in or not. Overall, I'm super satisfied with my new guitar, which looks great as well.                
Wow, is just what I say about this guitar. Truth is I've owned many many very nice guitars & this is the one that I'm going to keep. Why? The uniqueness, complexity, clarity & projection of sound from this guitar is amazing. The balance is wonderful, the sustain is exceptional, just rings forever and the bass is loud and clear without being to boomy. Love the 1 3/4 nut width. Overall, it feels like this instrument should be $ 3k +.                 
The Breedlove Oregon Concert guitar is the easiest playing and best sounding acoustic guitar I have ever owned. It sounded great the day it arrived and it continues to sound great. It stays in tune. The action is perfect and the sound is everything I could want (considering that this is a concert size guitar and not a dread nought). The only complaint I have is the same one I would have with any acoustic guitar that has a piezo pickup. When you play with an aggressive picking style it can sound a bit quacky. If, however, you use a condenser mic, the sound on this guitar is great. I could not recommend it any higher.                
I received this guitar yesterday in a lefty model. It's a very sleek looking guitar in that it has old world style mixed with some newer designs like the string thru bridge system and the body cut away. Nicely built and finished. I will say I gave it a low score for it's features meaning the electronics. All the online demo's I have seen show this with a Fishman style system, accessible battery compartment, USB out, 3 band EQ and an onboard tuner. It has none of that. They replaced the Fishman with this LR Baggs EAS piezo which gives you an input jack/strap button, a single volume control inside the soundhole and the 9v battery pack velcro'd inside of the soundhole as well so you have to relieve the string tension to get your hand in to it to change your battery. I am going to keep it but purchased this party because of the online videos I had seen with the Fishman system. It does say what type of electronics it has but I had assumed it was simply just another manufacturers take on the same thing to save Breedlove some money maybe? Well they definitely saved money on this new system. All in all it plays well, stays in tune and is fairly well intonated right out of the box. I'd recommend this to anyone of many playing levels as long as you dont mind the annoying battery change issue. For beginners this might be a problem when tuning a guitar is sometimes a major accomplishment then having to untune it because you forgot to unplug it one night and it drained your battery. That is up to you.                
I bought this guitar a few months ago because I had been craving an all-mahogany Parlor for a while now. To say I wasn't dissapointed is an under statement. This guitar is a tone machine and the balance between the treble and bass is very good. The sound is also very warm for a parlor. In addition, the electronics are excellent, with plenty of room for tone shaping. Plus I was very happy with the usb port and the included padded gig bag. Thank you zZounds and Breedlove for once again going above and beyond!                
This purchase resulted from a purchase of another 6 string acoustic from zZounds prior to ordering this Breedlove stage all mahogany guitar. I first ordered another brand and although the guitar was very nice and had a good sound, the on-board tuner stopped working within 30 days of its purchase. I contacted zZounds and with the help of the staff, it was a super breeze to return it. I was going to just get an exchange for the same guitar, but went exploring (as we all do :-)!) on the zZounds website.
This is where I spotted and started investigating Breedlove guitars. The more I learned about how this small company in Bend, Oregon went about their philosophy, innovative designs, and total care and commitment to the quality they demand from their staff to make sure we get a great instrument, I was SOLD! I even phoned them and talked with a really nice lady for about 20 minutes with questions I had. She was most helpful and totally in love with her job!
Now ... on to the review. The very first thing I noticed about Breedlove products when I started unboxing my new toy :-) was the Deluxe Gig Bag. This thing is built like a tank!  All kinds of pockets, padding, backpack straps and handles. What a smart way to safely package your guitar for shipping and give you travel-ready protection for your investment! Nice job!
First ... the innovations of this guitar: Pinless bridge, gradiated thickness of the soundboard (top), headstock design to keep the strings straight from the nut to the machine heads, very nice "flying wings" abalone fretboard markers and abalone inlays with outer rings around the soundhole, the Breedlove Bridge Truss System, beautifully book-matched mahogany grain tone woods with tortoise shell binding and 18 to 1 ratio sealed "Breedlove" chrome tuners.
Next ... the fit and finish. This guitar has a very soft satin finish to the all-solid mahogany body. Although high gloss has its charms, I much prefer this finish. No fingerprints :-)!  I closely inspected every aspect of my new guitar and found absolutely nothing wrong with it ... and I''m picky!
Next ... the body type. This is a "concert" body size and shape. I've always been a "dreadnought" guitar player primarily due to the depth of sound a dreadnought produces. I was a little leary of getting this smaller body, but was bowled over by the sounds I heard on the u tube videos, so I took a chance .. and am very grateful I did!
Next ... the sound! This what it finally comes down to! I cannot begin to describe the amazing, pure, quality sound this guitar has! I've gone to the local "national" brick and mortar guitar shops to "test drive" different brands, and there are many fine sounding guitars to choose from ... but NOT at this price point! I played Martins, Guilds, Gibsons, and other comparative axes, but with me choosing this Breedlove model, I ended up with about $1500 - $1700 change. That's no small change!
Next ... The RL Baggs electronic pick up system. This is a quality "clean" sounding pick up. It is simple in design and transfers the wonderful tones my guitar produces in a very neutral and pristine fashion, it simply performs as a quality pick up should. The volume and tone controls are inside the soundhole. This keeps the luthier from having to cut a BIG rectangle hole in the side of the body of your guitar!
Finally ... I done good :-)! For $800 bucks, I feel that I got a $2500 guitar. All my music friends who test drive my new acquisition are literally blown away by its playabilty, its response, and, of course, the sound! I am a happy camper :-)!
Haven't needed to contact Breedlove.                
I absolutely love this guitar. I received it within 2 days as promised in perfect shape and action close to perfect for my style which is mainly fingerpicking. I prefer lighter strings and always replace those that come with a new guitar. This guitar keeps almost perfect tuning, and sounds great, even overnight or after hard use. I believe it to be worth at least twice as much. Only thing I need to mention - the photos on zZounds show this guitar with a natural finish, but mine has a gloss body and satin finished neck. It is still gorgeous, even better, but I just thought you might want to be prepared.                
It produces great sounds due to the solid tone wood.                
Top notch acoustic guitar. While I'm sure the Oregon made guitars are even nicer Breedlove has a quality guitar here and I love it.                
Will need a better setup by that's an individual preference. Plays well out of the box but there's a little room for tweaks.                
Seems like a solid guitar well made and fun to play                
It's a good value                
Did not need to contact                
Has a unique shape and fit n finish is superb                
Just got this guitar today and it's an amazing value. Sounds beautiful and looks beautiful too. The neck is very comfortable. Came almost perfectly in tune in a heavy duty gig bag. Thanks to zZounds I got it fast with 12 payments.                
Great cab not just a bargin, run mine off a bandit you can get anything out of it superclean, or thick distortion can't believe the price                
It is what it is... Works for me for home practice and sound Good enough for that.
Nice looking Cabinet.                
This Thing is a Beast!!I bought this amp as a back-up. Normally play a modded Sovtek mig 60+ a Plexi reissue. the sovtek was in the shop. So I read the reviews on the Bugera 1960 infinium & figured it was worth it just because I could switch the tubes around w/o biasinig. Boy was I right. It came in & I was shocked at how it sounded out of box. Loud & proud. It sounded alot like my plexi. It's not as complex as the plexi but, it's only 1/4 of the price!! Then I changed out the tubes(Pre:1 mullard & 2 E-harm 12ax7) & one power amp( svetlana el34) & the Amp Just came to life!! Smooth but with just enough bite, full but not to bassy. very well rounded in general.This amp has quite a bite of gain. At first I put all 3 e-harm 12ax7 in and it was to much gain for my use. So, the addtion of the mullard in the # 1 position & that tamed the overall sound. Bottom Line..Best value on the market today. If you are willing to do the work & change around the tubes(the best part). You can really bring it life!!                
The tone is incredible with a very smooth and deep breakup.  Excellent Rock and Metal sounds as well as Fusion or Instrumental.  The EQ settings are sensitive and true to the settings on the knob.  I would recommend tyring different tubes in place of the EL34s.  Don't get me wrong but the EL34's sound great.  6L6s have a more "open" sound to them when used with this amp.  it is just cool that you can drop in pretty much any tube.                
Standard number of features but the Infinium technology is incredible.  Plus, you can exchange types of tubes and you will get some variability in sound - TREMENDOUS spec!  No reverb but nothing a pedal can't handle.  I would also like a presence but many older "styles" of amps didn't have presence back then and this is what this amp is modelled after.                
Easy to use as the controls are typical.  The inputs are labeled as well.                
This is a quality made product that can compete on every level of construction. Even seems to use heavy hardwood - very solid.  Parts and wiring seem to be top notch compared to other heads I have.  Looks very "clean".  Only had it for a couple of weeks but so far so good.                
Great value in a 150 watt head with great tone.  This is a TONE MONSTER!  At $500, this is a steal versus the amp this is modelled after which costs 3-4 times this price - and that's a "re-issue"!  This is very gig-worthy and can be compared to the best brands out there for sound and tone.                
N/A                
The Infinium version of the 1960 is tremendous with the Red front insert, it sets itself apart from the rest as far as looks.                
Great value, great price point, great tone and should be bought by every serious musician.  If you don't like it, return it.  $500 is well worth buying for any amp head just to try out.  The Bugera 1960 Infinium is one of the best amp deals out there!                
I owned the first 1960 Bugera model and had to use a power brake to play at normal volume levels...The volume was just too loud in that amp.
When Bugera redesigned the 1960 and may have corrected issues people like me had after owning it.
Problems solved with the NEW model...They added great feature like a phase invertor that acts like a master volume but it actually never cuts the volume completely off rather it will drop the volume down to sound like a 5 watt amp.
The cascaded mod is very interesting. A amp company did this to Rhandy's amp because he wanted more gain in his amp. It works just like that.
The cascade mod uses the second channel as a main gain and the first adds girth. 
It's opposite to the how the first channel now works adding an internal jump to both.
No need for a jump cable anymore to blend volumes, its already been done internally.
This amp is a great bargain for what you get...It's not point to point wiring but the fact that they now include a self bias circuit with their infinium system which tells you when a power tube is bad is worth buying.
This is testimonial the Infinium system works...I bought four EL34 replacement tubes and one turned out to be bad...I had two 6L6GC laying around so I tried two new EL34 and two 6L6GC tubes...
The light went off indicating the tubes all worked and the amp sounds excellent...Yes you can blend tubes in this amp it works...
You can get any sound out of this amp. From Blackface cleans, to Van Halen. For the latter, you need an attenuator. It's difficult to put in words how loud this amp is.                 
The internal channel jumping, and Rhandy Rhoads mod, are great. Effects loop is clutch(it sounds even better with an EQ in the effects loop).
You need to dial a bit of Ch 1 in with Ch 2 to get some sparkle in your clean sound. The presence control is extremely responsive. Be easy with it. The Treble, mid, and bass.... Not so much, but if you have ever played a Plexi, that's how it is.                 
You need to read, watch YouTube, whatever, and understand the four inputs. Also understand that this is a little different from a typical Plexi. The jumpering is done internally. Read the instructions.
Also, you have to turn the effects loop on, and select the right setting for pedals, or for rack effects. The master volume has to be turned on or off.... Leave it off.
The auto bias system is awesome. You can put any tubes that will fit in the amp.                 
I haven't had any trouble with my other Bugera amp.                 
Value is awesome. Hard to believe that you get this much amp for $399.                
I have dealt with them, asking about tubes. They are very helpful.                 
Everyone is shocked at how good this sounds.                 
I have this amp running through Greenbacks. I'm a Strat player. Everyone knows how great these things sound dimed. If you crank these, they will perfectly emulate Van Halen tones. As you turn it down, you get 80's rock, down to AC/DC, Zeppelin, etc.
What I'm doing at the moment is playing with the volume down a bit. I'm using the channels in parallel. I have ch 2 on about 2, and Ch 1 just barely on to where it gives it some high end. It has a beautiful clean tone(at 2, it's band volume). It sounds very much like a Blackface Twin. It's just very sparkly.
However you use them, these amps sound great. It's insane tone for the money. I cannot recommend them enough. I also have the 1990, and it's awesome, as well. If you are wanting a 4 hole 'Plexi' amp, then just get the 1960. It nails it. It will scratch that itch.
The effects loop works great. The Rhoads mod is great, also. You don't have to jump the channels, it's done for you. Only thing is, if you want the Plexi overdrive, Van Halen, etc., you need an attenuator, or some kind of reactive load. It's insanely loud. The master volume in the back just doesn't sound right. It takes the power tube distortion out of the equation. Don't plan on using it. Bugera makes an attenuator for cheap. Go ahead and get it.                 
I have to say this head has by far surpassed all of my expectations!!! From the way it looks to the way it sounds is just so amazing!! And the service here at Zzounds is so Awesome!! Love doing business with Zzounds!!                
So I've own this amp for a month now and put 10 hrs or so on it and I must say this amp is impressive. I've always wanted that Marshall Plexi all tube sound and this is it. Now this amp doesn't have the nicest finish. But its whats in side that counts on this amp. The material that covers the out side is poorly fitted on the corners of the amp. The logos/badges on the other hand look great. Knobs and switches feel nice and firm. So if you don't care about looks but you do care about performance/sound this is it. I can pull Hendrix, Stevie , Page and Gilmore with this amp and some peddles easy.  The head room is amazing. It goes from loud to stupid real fast. The FX loop has a bypass and a db boost too along with a master volume on the back . These are just a few of the things I like about there's plenty of more nice touches on this amp. All in all Bugera has made a nice amp here. I was on the fence for 2 weeks before I order this amp. I was holding out for a Marshall or  Fender but I count see spending $1500 + on a Marshall or $1000 for a 25w Fender that I will take it out to play it and it get beat up while moving it.                 
I recently sold all of my gear due to financial problems.  All I ever wanted was an Amp that had that Plexi sound.  I was doing research on amps when I saw on youtube this Bugera amp.  Needless to say I was hooked!  Amazing Tone no need for pedals and perfect for my budget.                  
Firstly, I've owned at least one of every higher end tube amp at one time or another... there were some that were great, others so so, and most not so great IMO. I've had plexi's from many years, JMP's,  JCM800's, etc.  My most beloved was a 1982 JCM 800 2204 50w.  Well, it got stolen, and shortly after I took a 5 year hiatus from music. Fast forward to now... I got back into the game and needed an amp just to mess around with, well for the price I figured I couldn't go wrong here, so I got the 1960.
WOW!!!!!!!!!!!
I simply cannot believe this thing cost 400 bucks.  It sounds just like many of the old plexi's I had. 
I was searching reviews trying to figure out what amount of gain this thing was capable of and was unsuccessful, so here you go... With the cascaded gain and master volume, it can get up to a 2204/2203 JCM800 with a clean boost turned wide open in front of it... which is pretty gainy.  Beautiful, actually.... it just SINGS. I have an eleven rack that I run straight into the FX loop for high gain stuff IT CRUSHES.  Better than any bogner or recto I've had, in my opinion of course... just because the tweaking of the 11r is endless.
I can't say enough good things about it really... I've tried a few other high gain bugera's  and was just not that impressed... I guess tube high gain is just too hard for them to copy... 
If you're on the fence on the 1960... don't be.                
This a great amp very simple controls how I like them to be.This sucker is loud Reallly loud but keeps it's tone quality at higher volume. The head is actually bigger than it looks in the picture the same size as the old marshall plexi. This amp is a steal the master volume in the back helps a ton but it can still be louder great lows crisp high it's a very versatile amp for volume and genre style not sure for the heavier gain                
I originally use Line 6 equipment because of flexibility along with extensive effects, sound quality yet wanted a pure tube power amp for the vintage tone. My research was extensive and price didn't really play a role, I was prepared to spend as much as was needed to satisfy my tone habit, my addiction. Power, Vintage, Plexi, and British tone all played a role in my choice, almost purchased a 1959 reissue but decided this amp had what I needed. Out of the box and with a guitar with SD vintage pickups I was awed by the clear crisp tones I was hearing, I had planned to hear a warmer sound by other reviews but with this amp the clear tones can be brought to match the bell like cleans of the Vox yet the heavy compressed lows that are felt with any Marshall around! Not bad because I thought I would also be a Vox NT50 head to get those bell like cleans, no need this amp right out of the box does it all, a true Plexi. I ordered extra power JJ tubes for experimentation along with a set of ECC83 that are known to give more breakup crunch or gain, so according to some mixing the EL83's with 6L6's is  better set up but not seeing it myself unless I use my active pickups. To conclude, I have to say overall I'm not sure why you would spend a lot for a plexi style amp when its a "Bugera 1960 Infinium"  that satisfies the addiction! Yes, I am a tone addict!                
I got it delivered yesterday and i haven't stopped yet. All the sound i ever wanted in one amp..                  
I bought  this amp from zZounds, they seem to be the only one to actually carry this excelent sounding amp. I really like the tone in this amp but I wanted to try mix matching 6L6 and EL34 tubes at the same time. This amp allows for cross pollination of tubes and sounds amazing doing this. I am very happy with the tone out of the box but ecstatic that this amp offers so much for under $500.
Check out my demo on YouTube JBM8863 see and listen to my full reviews playing through this excelent amp.                
Better than all the Marshall amps and features it was designed to imitate. Simply Brilliant. And the ability to mix and match tubes takes this amp to a whole new sonic dimension and level of sound tuning. Don't miss this amp!                
Wow, this amps held up great. Waited for a few months to write a review so I could be 100 percent sure I liked it as much as I thought I did when I first unboxed it. I can assure you I do! Wasn't expecting much considering the price, but this thing can easily keep up with a 70s Marshall JMP right out of the box. The one and only issue I've had with this amp is the preamp tubes going microphonic, as expected because I run this thing on 10. Replacing the stock tubes with higher quality just made this amp impress me even more. I still haven't replaced the power tubes, the infium system works.                
Ordered this from zZounds and within an hour of powering it on for the first time, it developed a fizzy sound with no response from the tone controls and then the power tubes starting red plating. Took it to an amp tech who diagnosed it as a faulty power transformer. This was on a brand new amp. Even more frustrating, zZounds charged me for the return shipping on this turd. That will be last dime I spend at zZounds and I'll never buy another Bugera product.                 
This amp can do anything you want it to.
First, the clean channel: I was very surprised at how good the clean channel is on this head. Plug in a Strat, and it's beautiful. Really good low end, and has some sparkle as well. Use the gain knob on the clean channel, and you can get up into classic rock territory. It's also a great pedal platform.
The gain channel is awesome, and a bit unique. It's a Marshall, 80's and 90's hard rock and metal amp. But you can play modern music on it. A ton of gain on tap, and really good thump.
I'm just really amazed at the value here. This amp does what most of your amps that cost twice as much, or more. And, this amp sounds better than many of those more expensive brands. Gear snobs may not approve of my new amp, but that's OK. I have a Mesa Boogie Mark IV, and a Peavey Classic 50, and this amp is as good as either. Bugera has a good thing going. 
I have not had to contact Bugera, so I can't comment on support. 
The amp doesn't look extremely fancy, but it looks good. I didn't buy it for the looks, though. 
The Infinium feature is really cool. You can put all different kinds of power tubes in these bad boys. I will probably replace the tubes. It sounds great as is, but you can probably get better tubes. I'm probably going to put some 6L6 tubes in here, at some point.
Thanks Bugera, and zZounds.                 
This thing really puts up when you want it to. It is very versatile and can really be used to dial in any tone you could want. The low end on this thing is outrageous. It will rumble everything in your house/space. For the price, you really can't get a bette amp. It can hand with some of the top boutique amps. The infinium technology is very useful and all the options with it are amazing. The pentode triode switch helps you cut the power if necessary.                
This thing sounds just like a Jcm900 if you upgrade the tubes. Ive had many heads in the past(jcm900, 5150, triple x's, jxs's) and this one is right up there with those. This head does exactly what i wanted it to and sounds way better than expected, cleans are great, the clean is even a great overdrive channel if you turn the gain up. the Actual gain channel is great as well, has more distortion than you will ever need unless you are playing straight up metal and with a nice overdrive pedal ie-tubescreamer that would be no problem. But of course it helps if you put some nice quality valves in it.                
I love how you can turn on/off the reverb on it with the footswitch although it would be nice if it had an indicator light so you could tell when its off/on. Love the pentode triode switch on the back to cut the power in half. Controls are practically identical to a jcm900. The infinum actually helps to, if you switch power amp tubes it auto bias them so you don't have to mess with that and it lets you know exactly which tube is burnt out as well which is a very nice feature.                
Really easy to use got a great tone dialed in, in about 5 minutes pretty much have kept it since.                
The head seems pretty sturdy so far and i think the former faults of bugera have long passed. But of course the wood used is not as high of a quality as you would get in a jcm 900 but who cares its just the head right? Switch out the tubes and you've got one hell of an amp head at one hell of a price.                
best amp head for the money without a doubt if you're looking for a high gain rock head. I would probably buy it over a jcm900 to be honest just because it sounds identical and its half the price.                
Haven't had to deal with them yet but i've heard they're pretty good.                
Killer head, one of the best investments I've made in a while                
Great amp Great Price, BUY IT!!!                
First off,let me say Bugera has GREAT customer service. They had to replace two of these 1990s for me. The first lasted two months. The second just two weeks. In fairness though,I own the original 1990,some of which had quality control issues. These new Infinium versions are very reliable with all of the Q.C. issues resolved. Great tone. Simple. Strait forward. Basically a Marshall JCM900 clone but with more gain! Two channels - clean & overdrive. Pretty good clean but it is the drive channel that kicks butt here! I know from experience that the cab one uses is the key to a great tone with these heads. If you use a lower end cab (Bugera,Behringer etc.) it will sound good,but I'm using a Marshall JCM900 cab with 2 Celestion G12s & 2 Warehouse Guitar Vet 30s for a sick mid drenched Marshall tone to die for! This is a great head for the money. I really like it...                
This thing is a beast! With a tube change and some decent speakers this animal is almost indistinguishable from some much more pricey Marshalls. Pushing the "clean" channel yields some nice, warm JCM800-like tones. The drive channel is a bit too compressed and treble-heavy for my tastes (basically exactly what a JCM900 sounds like) but with some simple mods I'll have an incredible sounding amp for recording. This is a hard rock/metal amp for sure.                  
This amp is amazingly versatile. I know most people getting it are playing what they refer to as metal, but usually all you can find in reviews are people that drop to A and chugga chugga. Not me. My band tunes to D standard, we play power and thrash metal in the style of Blind Guardian, Iced Earth, Kreator, basically not drop tuned metalcore. So, if you're an old school guy looking at this amp, it will deliver. From old school thrash to modern progressive, yes even to metalcore and djent, it's all achievable if you spend some time with the eq section. I run an LTD EC1000 and a Schecter C-1 Hellraiser to this amp, along with a noise gate and an op amp modded TS9 tubescreamer. It's simply a blast to play with, on stage or in the studio.                
The most useful feature to me is the Infinium technology. Knowing exactly which tube to replace, and being able to mix and match el34 and 6l6 is very helpful. The noise gate is not great. It eliminates a little hiss, but you're going to need a noise gate in your signal chain, but you knew that already. The reverb means nothing to me, it doesn't sound great, but you're not buying this amp for the reverb.                
The eq on this amp is very touchy, which I like. As soon as I turned it on and switched all the knobs to the noon position, I was given a usable tone, even through a crappy old Behringer cab I had laying around the house. There is a learning curve to sculpt your sound accordingly, but then again any tube amp worth its salt does. I rank it with Peavey 6505+ level ease of use, in that you have to try to make this amp sound bad.                
The tolex and the chrome plastic are really the only give aways to where corners were cut. The tolex feels a little cheap, but who cares really? It's tolex. The knobs feel great, the input jacks are nice and tight. Everything seems well ventilated, as mine doesn't run too hot after hours of play, and is relatively quick to cool, especially compared to my Peavey 6505+ 1x12 combo. It's a hefty amp, it feels solid. I know Bugera have had quality control issues in the past, so I can't really comment further, other than to say nothing feels cheap about this amp upon inspection.                
Honestly, I cannot think of a better amp for the price point. It sounds better than the 6505+ amps I've played with and been around, which are usually made with higher quality components and can be found at a comparable price used. I operate a small project studio, and because of the sonic ground this amp covers, it's extremely valuable to me. I have coaxed Dual Recto, 6505+, and JCM 800 tones out of this box so far, using only a tubescreamer and the on board eq section. I know many people will turn their nose up at it, but I think that would be a huge mistake. I've played guitar and gigged for 13 years now, I'm very particular and obsessive about my gear, and I think any guitar player would be lucky to own one of these, as long as you take somewhat decent care of it. Oh yeah, the footswitch that comes with it feels super nice, very sturdy.                
I haven't had a reason to contact them yet, so we'll see.                
I find it sexy, but that's subjective to personal taste.                
I love this amp. I've thoroughly run a gamut of tone tests with it, and it has delivered every time. I gig about a lot, with a variety of metal/punk bands. I've been around Marshalls, Mesas, Peaveys, Blackstar, etc... Most of the heavy hitters without getting into crazy boutique territory (Soldano, Bogner, etc...), and I no longer feel any lust for those amps since the 333xl arrived.                
Sound is amazing, tone shaping options are virtually endless. VERY LOUD pre gain and post gain settings help you shape the tonal sensitivity of your playing and the master just for the balls of the amp itself                
each channel has its own EQ and is very customizable which is great for players that switch between leads and rhythms. i use the lead channel for my leads (obviously) and i have set a nice rhythm tone on the crunch channel for switching off of playing high leads. The lead channel has a very nice response for frequencies above roughly 600Hz (almost a D# 5) the high end comes out clear and the warm tube sound gives it amazing character. I have one negative to say about the features, the onboard noise gate is not as amazing as bugera makes it out to be, it doesnt cut out the high hiss (usually above 2KHz) and feedback is an issue if using the amp above bedroom volumes, however this could be fixed by patching a noise gate pedal in the effects loop or however you like to use your pedals.                
The amp was easy for me to dial in a tone however if you are not familiar with using pre and post gain (channel volume and gain knobs on the amp) and the eq you may have a hard time reaching a tone that you like, however most people like using the middle section of everything and call it good, thats not me...im a tone chaser and i found a great tone in this amp that i think i can settle with for a long time.                
Made very well, nice tolex, nice tubes, very heavy power transformers, just overall very nicely made.                
WELL WORTH IT, i used the payment option and its working out nice because i thought i could never get my very own tube amp.                
Havent needed to do so yet, also i hope i dont ever have to.                
Its greatly loud, i was moving from a solid state 100W amp to this 120W amp, and if i didnt know the power rating of this amp, i would assume that it was like a 400W amp or even more beacuse of how loud it is.                
Overall its a great head, amazing tone, and huge sound. The only reason I didnt put 5 on ease of use and manufacturer support is because you need to be a little experienced to dial a tone out and i havent had to use manufacturer support.                
Could not have been happier with this purchase, the amp sounds great I have it paired with the 212ts cabinet and this thing is so damn loud. 
The eq knobs are very responsive, and actually even a slight turn can create some interesting sounds. So tinker around a bit with it!
The reverb control is a great feature, especially since you can have it on/off on any channel you choose. 
The first channel I gave a whirl was of course the clean channel, which the cleans are so responsive and cranking the bass up a little gives it some girth and body. Amazing for running effects through and the articulation is great.
The crunch channel I tinkered with for maybe 5 minutes before I had already found my perfect rhythm tone (I play Seven string guitars tuned to A and a les paul tuned 1/2 step down to Alice tuning.) and this channel definitely delivers!
The lead channel was a tad underwhelming at first glance, but realized later my dumb butt accidently took the cord to my fx loop and put in in the guitar input so things got a little screwy lol. (no fault on the amp) After that mix up and tinkering with the lead channel with/without overdrive this amp is a beast! I won't be buying a new amp for awhile now, I'm set in stone with this amp and this zZounds crew has been very helpful and they will have plenty more business from me.                
I bought the Bugera 333XL Infinium to replace my Peavey 5150 that recently died after 15 years. Straight out of the box, I was a little leery at first. I had hoped that the tone on the crunch and lead channels would have been more full. But then, I did some fine tuning and OMG .. I love this amp. The clean channel is superbly clean. Even the crunch and lead channels has a great clarity to it. If you're looking for a great amp on a budget like I was, this is definitely the amp for you.                 
I have had all solid-state amps before this one (except one amp that was a hybrid, with a tube preamp and solid-state power amp), so I was apprehensive about tube amps, but I really wanted to experiment. I play mainly thrash, power metal, and death metal, so I needed a very high gain amp. I have used this one for home recording, band practice, and gigging and it has really exceeded expectations in each scenario. I do not use any pedals or effects and this amp has all the tone I could want right out of the box. The clean channel is glistening, but not too chimey, and has a pretty neutral tone that is responsive to the EQ knobs. The crunch channel has plenty of gain for anything from southern rock to brutal death metal. The lead channel has even more available gain and has a bit more of a modern high-gain amp sound (the crunch channel sounds a bit more old-school). An extra feature is the "XL" button on each channel that adds some low end without getting too muddy. The built-in reverb is pretty standard and sounds good... would have been absolutely killer if it were real spring reverb, but it is not bad at all. The built-in noise gate on the lead channel doesn't seem to do a whole lot; it does reduce some of the hum/buzz from the distortion, but if you want silence, I would recommend running a noise gate through the effects loop. All-in-all, my gripes are really minor. I am extremely happy with this amp and it has quickly become my primary for two of my bands.                
I use this for a metal band.  We switch from high gain to clean guitar a lot in our set.  I sure do love the way this works and sounds.                
Best new amp in the price range!                  
The sound of the lead and crunch channels are good, FOR OVERDRIVE. chords are crunchy and mean yet still retain the sound of the chord.  The clean channel gets distorted by high output pickups/Pedals but you can always just dial back the volume on your pedal/guitar a little and it still sounds fabulous.                
the most useful feature is the reverb. i heard it waasn't "all there" but man. i hit that switch and all of the sudden im in a nice big cave. least useful feature is probably the noisegate... as a matter of fact.. What noisegate? Oh and something else amazing...the included footswitch. i love you bugera.                
Pretty easy for funk, jazz, country, and classic rock. for melt your face of gain you definately will need a distortion pedal. but as far as great sounds go..just plug it in and turn it on. turn a knob a couple inches... there ya go. The variety of sound is good and its very dynamically responsive.                
Cosmetically perfect. the picture certainly does not do the amp justice. The insides and the tubes look very well made. built like a tank. I bet it could survive more than a few falls. the craftmanship is that of a $1000-$2000 amp head. then i looked at the where its made... MADE IN CHINA 
Since when do the chinese make such high quality musical equipment. It puzzles me. but i guess im going to put it to the test! Looks like it can. if it does is a whole diofferent story. for that we will have to see...                
Its worth so much more!                
Haven't had to contact bugera. (this zzounds support team is phenomenal though!)                
Lets just keep it censored and say..its very nice lol                
You get more than you pay for that's for sure only complaint is it cant handle super high output without distorting it.  That means dialing back the volume of your distortion pedal or volume pot on your guitar (probably more so with active pickups)
another is the lead channel is more of a overdrive than a distortion, but hey, thats what distortion pedals are for, didn't plan to use the lead channel anyway!                
Put it this way...I relieved all my Marshall gear of duty and I have 2 of these heads along with 2 custom built, for Robbe Zappa (Me), 4x12 cabs with dual Eminence Patriot and dual Eminence Swamp Thang 12"speaka's!  Snake skin punked them out and every show I got musicians swarming up to the stage asking HTF I get my sound...BUGERA is the sh!t hands down...and I build tube amps!  Exactly the features a studio, practicing or live musician need and a sound that is barely comparable.  PLUS I purchased a Bugera Vintage 22 combo that is rocking my musician friends, students and fans world.  For my style I swapped out the speaker with an Eminence Patriot and the tubes with Electro-Harmonix (although I usually prefer JJ's) and these tubes were the winning ticket.  And to drive the preamp just a tad I use a Daphan (Australian made) Preamp Overdrive...not a distortion pedal cuz it synthesizes distortion...but an OD pedal.  I've used it for metal, classic rock, blues and lent it to a friend for jazz, folk rock, originals and 'yes' even Van Halen rock!  A great sound 'almost' always means a great gig so anyone that may be pondering over Bugera vs "name brand" let it go brother...go with a good sound and not a piece of outdated past.  PLUS you can swap EL34/EL84 power tubes with 6L6/6V6 and bias the amp with a simple RCA cable with one end bare and a a volt meter.  So ask yourselves this; do you want a killer sound with full features or a "so-called" prestigious name plastered on an outdated product that fails to meet a guitarists total needs?  At the end of the day people aren't going to say, "wow he had a Marshall, or wow he had a Fender".  But what they are going to say is "WOW WHAT AN AWESOME TONE"!  And then they will glance on the stage and see "Bugera".  ~ Robbe Zappa (Robbe Zappa Band)                
There are to many to discuss to the average reader but to put it in a nutshell...diversity, ingenuity, performance and a brown sound baby!
                
Not really a learning curve, great sound...? just plug in, turn on and play.  The rest is icing on the cake.                
Cosmetically beautiful, made like a Dodge (Ram tough), no worries about longitivity....at all.                
The price is AMAZING for the quality, features, reliability and tone.  As I said, I sold all my Marshall and only play Bugera now.                
I have dealt with the company...not for any problems but to "seek" an endorsement.   I have 2 333XL heads, one custom / one stock..  I have spoken with there tech specialist in the past and he was friendly, helpful and knowledgeable.                  
Features, quality, reliability and tone.                
I'd replace with Bugera in a heartbeat                
 When my Randall just wasn't cutting it and I needed something with a full awesome tone from dirty to full on metal all the way back to crisp cleans ....... I made the best trade of my life when I got the Bugera 333XL-INFINIUM Guitar Amp Head .                
Its built like a tank and cant get any easier to use.  You can get any tone yer looking for ..the effects loop is flawless. the footswitch is nice and durable and has a nice long cord. I love it! noise gate helps but you will still need something in addition.  all kinds of gain and boost...it rocks                
This amp was made for all style's of rock!  Between the 2 separate Gain channels, you can get ANY sound you could ever want (when it comes to gain).  The cleans could use a bit of body, and the Reverb can be a bit weak, but it's still there and the fact that the Reverb operates independently on all 3 channels (you can set it ON in Clean, OFF in Crunch, and ON in Lead, and it remembers when you switch channels) makes it a pretty cool feature.  I want to retube it to put more body in the cleans, but as a rock head, this can't be beat, for the price.   I won't buy another head for the rest of my life, unless it's another one of these.  It's also very tough, despite what others say about it.  Full of features, and insanely affordable, you'd be crazy to turn this deal down                
I bought this head last year in 2011 and unfortunately sold it to pay a few bills.  This head sounded beastly the only thing is the stock tubes aren't fully biased (at least on mine) and couldn't even reach the manufacturer specs even when turning the biasing dial all the way up.  Pretty much the tubes ran extremely cold weren't and couldn't suck the power they needed to really get that full flavored tone.  I threw some JJ ECC803's and JJ 6L6's and it made a world of difference tone wise and I was able to turn the bias knob down drastically.  Overall this head is amazing for the price, I just suggest throwing in some after market tubes                
Three channels of gorgeous tones. From the clean to the extreme I got exactly the kind of sound I wanted. The EQ knobs are very responsive. Haven't had a chance to run effects yet.                 
This amp has it all. You can get any sound you want out of this thing. It has sparkling cleans, all the way to high gain distortion. Without doubt one of the BEST sounding amps out there, PERIOD. Here's where that changes.
This amp head is built like a tank on the outside. The internals are much different, made of cheap chinese parts. Have you ever seen a "high end" tube amp for under $1200? Theres a reason.
After a month and a half of ownership, this amp quit on me in the middle of a gig. How embarassing. Set it back up at home, and it works perfect. 
I talked with the manufacturer, and they wanted to slap me with a large bill to send it for a warranty claim because, "They probably would not find an issue, and would have to charge me for shipping and labor." I am now stuck with an amp that I can not trust. Awesome.
Save yourself a headache and buy a real amp from a real company who doesn't make cheap knock offs of other company's designs.                
have had it a couple weeks. no problems. great tone and very loud.                
Great effects and superb signal to board in a compact unit. Lightweight but full on sound and body. Best features for the money out there.                
For the level of playing I do, it sounds great. Whether playing my 1964 Gibson LG-1, or my 2011 Epiphone Dot Studio I can dial in really nice clean sounds, or get dirty with the Epiphone. OK up against a Fender Princeton Reverb it falls a bit short, but c'mon. I haven't recorded with it, not into that yet, but in a living room it sounds great. The headphone feature is fantastic. I'm a bit of a night owl, and at 1:30 in the morning wailing away in my apartment, I frequently check to make sure I'm really hearing waht I hear through a set of Skull Candy phones. I like the shift button to fill out the sound, or without for twang. All in all $108.00 no tax no shipping, it's a deal.                
No accessories included, none needed. Nice smooth controls. A reverb or chorus would be nice, but again I bought a simple amp on purpose. I do get a decent tube sound because of the single pre-amp tube.                 
A little playing around with the controls and you can dial up some very satisfactory sounds, clean to dirty. No mysteries with the controls. Again, my 1964 Gibson LG-1 has a Barcus Berry Insider pick-up and it sounds natural with a bit of experimentation. Who needs a manual? Volume, Bass Treble and a mid-pushbutton enhancement, gain, on-off.                
It seems to be well made, no problems with shake rattle and roll, unless you want it to shake rattle and roll. I don't think people who buy this are planning a major tour, but to take over to a friends house to jam a bit, it's perfect. Heavy enough to feel like an amp, light enough to sit on the car seat beside you.                
Yes.                
No experience in this category.                
I'm nearing 58 yrs old so I grew up with what many consider to be some classic amps. THIS IS ONE COOL LOOKING AMP ! The cream color is very pretty, and sitting next to my worn brown Epiphone Dot Studio it's a really nice set-up. I'm never going to open for U2, so for the past couple of years I've made an effort to get stuff that looks great as long as it's also primarily functional. An Epiphone EJ-200, Dot Studio and now The Bugera BC15 all very nice visually.                
I originally wanted an all-tube Vox amp, but after calling retailers all over the country and finding out that the particular Vox was discontinued, I went with the BC15. Some of my music purchases now are based on what I wanted as a kid and never got, like a Vox amp. If I buy another amp it will be partially due to nostalgia. I'm currently very happy with this amp sound, function, and visually. I don't see any reason I would not replace this with another one if it were stolen. Again, I play for fun, by myself or with a friend or two so it meets my needs. I love the headphone feature, the range of sounds and the appearance. There's really no least liked feature. At just over a hundred dollars, not bad at all.                
I bought it specifically for tone since I have a pedal board and this little guy delivers!  The clean is very good (although I haven't really pushed this amp since it's my practice amp), not Fender clean but definitely clean enough, I play funk quite a bit so I need a pretty clean sound.  The gain channel is good too, however if you're into metal or hard rock, this amp may not fit your style unless you're looking to get into heavy distortion using a pedal.  One thing I did notice about the amp is that it doesn't handle my Big Muff fuzz well (it's fine with my boss DS-2 tho) but like I said, it's my practice amp and I just wanted to get a good full tone well and I'm able to do that.                
I was specifically looking for an amp that didn't have effects on it so I see this as a positive.  Just the bare minimum on this thing, I liked that there are 2 channels and even though I don't use the bass/bright switch, I think this is a good feature to have for those that are using humbucker guitars (I have a strat and jag and I don't use the bright switch since I have single coil guitars) for at least another option.  The headphone output is a nice option, especially if you're just starting out or if you're in an apt complex or something; it would be nice to have a middle knob to hone in more on the tone but this amp but hey, considering the price, it's more than enough amp.                
Fewer features so very easy to use.  You will find your tone probably within the first hour of playing with it and if not, for sure sometime during the first day of trying it out.  Like I said, it works well with all my pedals except for the Big Muff but it's fine with my distortion (boss ds-2) and over drive pedal (fulltone ocd).                
This is a well built amp, the vintage look is AMAZING and the materials are solid, exactly what I expected since there aren't any effects on it.  The speaker sounds great and this little amp fools everyone, it's much louder than you'd think considering its size.  Similar to the microcube in size and loudness; I suppose you could gig with this if you're plugging into the PA however, it's probably much more realistic to use this amp in a studio recording session and I think that's something much more plausible.  As sturdy as it is, I'd still have a backup if I was going to try to gig with it just because it's so space efficient anyway.                
It all depends on what you're going for, this little guy works out great for what I need, if you're looking for a cheap, simple practice amp that's going to give you marvelous tones and picking response, you will be very happy with this amp.  If you want a versatile amp that has 25 effects, boost channels and an over dose of distortion, I probably wouldn't recommend this one for that type of player. I've had it for about a month and I'm very pleased with this amp, it works perfectly for what I want it to do.                
Never had to find out...I'd say that's the best support!                
The look and feel of it is totally vintage and that was very attractive to me, I'm not really sure what other people are looking for or whatever but I was immidiately attracted to it when I saw the pictures and even more so the more I read up on it.                
I will eventually upgrade my practice amp, however, I expect that will be years from now, if it got stolen, I probably would buy it again because it's a GREAT value for the price, I can't think of a better amp for the price I payed, it's on par in regards to tone with the micro cube (which I used to own) I would say but has better picking response than the cube did for sure.  The thing I like most about it is overall everything meaning: size, tone, loudness, look; the thing I like least is probably that certain levels of distortion seem to be unreachable with the big muff pedal not that I use it often but it seems to be an obstacle.                
Well built, feels and sounds solid. Even my wife notices a difference in the sound. I've owned and played through other well known brands from Peavey, Ampeg, GK and others. For the price this thing is the bomb. I was a little skeptical because I had never heard of Turbosound speakers before. Glad I did..it seems that Bugera has stepped up it's game.                
I was a little sceptical about getting this cab because of the Behringer name associated with it. The low price coupled with the high wattage rating can be misleading bait in order to get you to buy something that doesn't live up the hype. Well I'm happy to report that I was wrong about this one. This cab has some serious bottom...not too woolly...it's nice and defined and puts out some good mids. Handles my 1000 watt head very well. I owned a GK 212 prior to purchasing this (which is also a good bass cab) but I like this one much better. I believe the cab enclosure is built by the same company that builds other high end cabs because the build quality is top notch. The grill on it is also heavy duty. And to top it off...it comes with casters. I don't know much about Turbosound speakers but this thing rocks. The wattage is really around 500 rms but I can live with thst. Its more than enough for me. Can't say enough how pleased I am with this product. Unbelievable value for your money!                
This works fine, of course you need to know how to dial in the sub woofer sound on your own, but it does a fine job. 
Good for small to medium gig's. 
It's a 2000 watt Max in which I use a EuroPro 2000 800 watt combo channel. 
Works fine. If had a real bass head it would probably be better.
But after 10-15  shows I can't tell the difference.                 
I bought this because it identically resembles another cabinet design by a bass manufacturer icon. Sadly, it doesn't live up to the image. The good people at zZounds got it to me very cheap and quickly. For zZounds side they are excellent.
The cab is 17" deep and very clumsy to move around for one person. It was more like a coffee table. Or even a table. 
I paired it up with a Bugera Veyron Mosfet, and I had it cranked nearly 3/4 and it wasn't loud. I was expecting rumble loud-- sadly that wasn't the case. I could hear audible breakup in the speaker, i.e. distortion.
The cab itself was very well built. Might be a better cab if it's loaded with a difference speaker, maybe an Eminence or Faital with high power capabilities and a long excursion to take advantage of that deep coffee table design.
I ended up giving the cab away to a Christian band and they use it for rehearsals.
Nice looking, didn't perform.                
FIRST OFF the "Behringer watts" are 2800 but that's peak. Back of the cab says that RMS is 700 watts...still PLENTY of juice for me. This thing moves air fairly well, too, I am very pleased with it. I do like Ampeg's grille over all other brands but Bugera did a fine job with there metal grille and silver cursive name on top. It's replacing a heavily used Ampeg SVT-410HE eith mismatching speakers and is not lighter by far, only a small margin...probably 15 lbs? No comment on the tweeter, i dont care for them anyways. LOTS of lows, LOTS of mids, LOTS of highs, LOTS of volume...my amp started shaking off the top, I'm gonna have to find a way to secure it, that's the only negative I can find.                
This bass cabinet is the BOMB! When you buy this bass cabinet it will be the only bass cabinet you will ever need to buy. With the right amp that is. 2800 watts of solid muscle.You got your lows, middle, highs. It packs a super punch knockout! I use a SWR 700 working pro bass amp. I have the master volume set half way, bass all the way up, mid 12 o'clock,, treble 3 quarters, enhancer pushed in and wow! I only did two gigs with it. If it holds up OMG! I use a Schecter six string bass. With my bass, SWR 700 working pro, Bugera BN410 bass speaker cabinet its a match made in heaven!!!! Allen Reynolds                
A great cabinet,,, I am very satisfied with this cab that I purchased two. if you are looking for power and clarity along with lightweight the Bugera is the way to go                
Unbelievable  sound..  I was so impressed  I bought  a second one too stack up..  Clean sound with  the depth  punch and high end that's needed  for today's music...  And the price  is sugar sweet                
This cab is in the class of the big names ... I am extremely satisfied with its output... unlike most other cabs the low end is almost right there in your face, on this cab you have to dial it in a little more from your amp or EQ but this give you more control on shaping your sound.                
I was becoming displeased with my Eden 410 rear ported cab due to it's inefficiency. I love its tone but also wanted to get back to what was my favorite combo - a 15" and 2x10" cabs. So I began searching for alternatives. I read reviews of this Bugera cab as well as the 2x10, read up on TurboSound speaker cabs and went with my gut - I bought this 15" cab and the matching 2x10 cab. I definitely had my reservations because of the Bugera name (sorry!) but something just told me to go for it. They arrived and I tested them that night. I biamped them into my Eden WP100 preamp and was completely stunned. Just floored to be completely honest. 
The next night I had a gig and set them up, played a few notes and the bandleader looked at my bass rig, looked at me, then back at the rig and said, "that's the best sounding one yet". I had to agree. After the first song, a fan came up to me and said "That! That sounds great!", meaning my new bass speakers of course. I had to agree.
I've played for over 20 years as a bassist, owned so many cabinets (and amps) and maybe one combo satisfied me almost as much, but these have a fidelity that, like another reviewer said, rivals the Bergantino 15". I have to agree. This combo by far is better than everything I've ever owned or used. I'll list what I've owned only: Aguilar 4x10, Peavey 2x15 (black widows), Mesa Boogie 2x15", Acoustic 1x18 fridge, Eden D410T, SWR Goliath 1x15, GK 4x10XT, Bag End 2 2x10's, custom 1x15 and 2x10, Warwick 2x10" and 2x12", oversized 1x15" with 400 watt Eminence, Sunn 6x10 slant speaker cab. I'm sure I've forgotten a couple. And of course I've played through all the classic cabs and some boutiques: Ampeg 8x10, SWR 6x10, Ashdown 8x10, GK's of all types, SWR's of all types, Bergantino, Schroeder. 
Basically, this Bugera combo literally smokes them all, IMHO, in tone, clarity, fidelity, warmth, punch and headroom.
Like I said, I'm completely floored and I'm so glad I listened to my gut. If any bassist is on the fence, I'm telling ya', I'll be shocked if you aren't floored. Buy them with confidence. Turbosound makes incredible speakers and cabinets, so that starting point alone should give you comfort. 
The only thing separating this from being an instant classic/standard is its longevity. So here's to them holding up to the rigors of many years of performance stamina.                 
This cab is in the class of the big names ... I am extremely satisfied with its output... unlike most other cabs the low end is almost right there in your face, on this cab you have to dial it in a little more from your amp or EQ but this give you more control on shaping your sound.                
I have been using this cabinet for almost a year now...  I have been playing Bass since 1978 and have played through many different combinations.  This has fantastic clarity and good low end responses for a Mid Cabinet.  I have had whole SVT Stacks that sounded worse.  Not sure if the 1600 Watt will hold but it has done fine through my 1000W power amp.  Has an adjustable 1" HF driver is great and amazing for high-end control. Only wish it had hand grips on both sides. I use it with an Ampeg 1x15 and it is an awesome combo for BASS.  My Logo is Chrome (not black nickel look like photo) - but did my research and new what I was getting.  Great Job - Good Value!                
I'll say first that zZounds is amazing and I had a hassle-free experience. I do want to advise other musicians looking into this particular cabinet, that the logo may not be this killer blacked-out version that you see, and it may not have a tolex shell. I ordered what is pictured, and received a cabinet with a bright silver logo and a carpeted cabinet. Nobody got time for carpeted cabinets! zZounds did right by me though with the customer service so I can't go bad on them!  I rated the product highly because my issues are not sound or quality, just cosmetic.                 
I bought this cab for a small practice/church set up. Im using a Markbass 3 and this cab can handle a church the size of a school gym, even the sound guys tell me to turn it down. I have had it for 6 months and highly recommend it.                
Loving it. I play my Music Man Stingray through it with the 1600 watt Bugera Speakers and I'm well satisfied. the tone and power is what I was looking for. One Happy bass player, lol.                
Love this cab lite easy to handle after having back surgery it work's for me.Very punchy very happy with this thinking about getting one more 2X10 or a 1x15...I have a few other rigs but i love this one.....You can't go wrong for the money.... Talked to a few other bassist and now they are part of the family.....JUST DO IT!!!!!!!!!!!!                
I have used Ampeg B-15 early in my career. since then i have used Sunn, Fender, and Hartke. I am currently using TC Electronics RH450 bass head. Wanted to pair the RH450 with a TC Electronics 2X10 cabinet but thought they were too high priced. So, I went for the Bugera 2X10 instead. It has all the same features including a horn. I could not have made a better choice. And recommend highly. Give Bugera a try. You would not regret it. Well made and sounds great.                
I got this cabinet yesterday from zZounds, and while the shipping and customer service was great, the product was not.  This boasts "1600 watts" and program of 400, so tell me why a Tc Electronic BH250 would make this bottom out and distort at 1/3 volume?  If you are looking for a cab to lighten your load and be able to deliver like a 410 will, this WILL NOT deliver.  Do not waste your money.                
For the price there is no complaints. Received mine, plugged it up and played. The sound was warm and clear. Can hear the highs and the lows. For all the slap players you will enjoy this amp. Enabling ultra high and ultra low will give you an amazing slap sound. You can't go wrong with the build in compression. So far I'm digging this amp. Havnt took it on gigs yet but the sound is killer .                
The tone of this bass head is nice and clean and very tight. The bottom end is more defined and never sounds muddy. The mid freq eq works very well and I had no trouble dialing in the sound that I wanted. Never had to use the ultra high button at all.  Even when I tried to push it hard it still stayed tight  and clean.                
I found all of the on-board features to work just fine. The compression mode worked very well for me. All the notes were even and well defined.  The head itself is very quiet. I had to check it a few times to make sure it was still on. The amp feels solid and doesn't have that cheap appearance at all. I will agree with one review that said that the master volume dial felt loose. I too fell that it could have a tighter feel to it like the rest of the control knobs.                 
This amp head is so easy to use a five year old could operate it. Simple an straight forward.                
It appears to be made rather well. It has a nice solid feel to it. It's appearance is very appealing . As far as quality, that depends on the internal parts used to build it with. Let's just hope that the parent company Behringer had their heads in the right place and used good solid quality parts. Only time will tell!                
Alot of ban for the buck. If you want to spend more for the same specs, all I can say is go for it. There are plenty of companies out there that will gladly take your money for a lot less product.                
I'll have to pass here. I haven't had to use them yet.                
I don't know about having a big wow factor. but I will say that it gets the job done and with very little effort.                
I have been playing bass for 50+ years and have tried or owned them all. Fender. Ampeg. MarkBass and even TC. I have to say that I am very impressed with this new Bugera bass head. It has a nice tight clean tone which for the music that I play that is a plus.  This amp did everything I asked of it plus more. Beats my Hartke HA5500C hands down.                
I HAVE BEEN GIGGING A TC ELECTRONICS RH450 AND RH750 FOR SOME TIME NOW AND REALLY LOVE THOSE 2 AMPS. WHEN I FIRST SAW THE VEYRON I THOUGHT THEY HEAVILY COPIED THE RH HEADS WITH THE SIDE HANDLE, DYNAMIZER TECHNOLOGY (APM), AND COMPRESSION (SPECTRACOMP). UPON PURCHASING IT, THE 2 ARE QUITE DIFFERENT. THE RH HEADS BEING DARKER AND POWERFUL SOUNDING WHILE THE VEYRON SOUNDING BRIGHTER AND THINNER IN THE NOTES BUT WITH A LOT MORE POWER BACKING IT UP.    PRETTY MUCH ANY AMP CAN GET LOUD, SOME SOUND OBNOXIOUS WHILE OTHERS SOUND POWERFUL. THIS AMP IS SERIOUSLY POWERFUL. RUNNING AN EARLY 2000’S BC RICH NJ SERIES WARLOCK WITH ACTIVE PUPS, GAIN AT 9:00, MASTER AT 11:00, AND MID SELECTOR AT 220, THIS AMP WAS SLAMMING THE STAGE LITERALLY. EVERYTIME I HIT THE E, D, OR C NOTES ON THE A STRING, IT FELT LIKE HULK HOGAN WAS BODY SLAMMING ANDRE THE GIANT ON THE STAGE. I HAVE NEVER FELT THAT BEFORE WITH ANY AMP PERIOD. THE NOTES HAD SUCH HEFT, IT WAS INCREDIBLE. IT DOES NOT SEEM TO HARD CLIP AS YOU INCREASE THE GAIN. IT JUST GETS LOUDER AND BREAKS UP. IT CLEARLY IS EMULATING A TUBE AMP. I HAVE BEEN RUNNING IT ON A GK NEO 410 4 OHM THAT CAN HANDLE 1600 WATTS PEAK. I NEVER WORRY ABOUT DAMAGING THOSE SPEAKERS BUT WITH THIS AMP, I AM PRETTY CAUTIOUS. I DON’T KNOW IF IT REALLY PUTS OUT 2000 WATTS PEAK BUT IT SURE DOES SOUND AND FEEL LIKE IT COULD. IT SOUNDS GREAT ON THE GK NEO 410 AND THE BRUSHED METAL AND BLACK TOP MATCHES THE AESTHETICS OF THAT CAB PERFECTLY. THE TONE FLAT IS BRIGHTER THAN THE TCE. SOMEWHERE IN BETWEEN THE RH AND THE GK MB HEADS BUT SEEMS AS YOU CAN COME CLOSE TO BOTH. I HAVE BEEN ABLE TO GET A VERY SIMILAR RH450 HEAD SOUND OUT OF IT BY CRANKING UP THE BASS. THE EQ IS PRETTY FLEXIBLE AND BOTH THE ULTRA LOW AND ULTRA HIGH BUTTONS CHANGE THE SOUND CONSIDERABLY BUT NOT IN A BAD WAY. THE ULTRA LOW ACTUALLY SCOOPS THE MIDS AND CREATES A SERIOUSLY PUNCHY SOUND THAT IS GREAT WITH A PICK BUT SOUNDS TINY (HARD TO EXPLAIN) ON THE HIGH NOTES. WHILE THE ULTRA HIGH CAN SOUND VERY MODERN AND PINGY AND CAN PROBABLY PULL OFF A GK MB TONE. YOU CAN’T HEAR MUCH CHANGE ON THE MID SELECTOR AT QUIET VOLUMES BUT AT GIG VOLUME, THERE IS CONSIDERABLE CHANGE. 220 COVERS THE SLAM AT LOW MID TONE WHILE 3K CAN GET EXTREMELY SPARKLY AND PIERCING. CHECK OUT THE YOUTUBE VIDEO WITH DOUG WIMBISH PLAYING WITH VICTOR WOOTEN AND YOU CAN CLEARLY HEAR HOW HIGH AND SPARKLY THIS AMP CAN GET. I’M PRETTY SURE IT WAS BEING RUN AT 3K. SOUNDS GREAT ON THE VIDEO BUT ON A GIG, IT IS JUST WAY TOO HIGH FOR MY TASTE.I CAN’T SAY THIS WILL REPLACE MY RH HEADS AS MY GO TO HEAD AS THOSE AMPS ALSO SOUND POWERFUL AND CAN COVER PRETTY MUCH ANY GIG THAT HAS COME UP. PLUS THEY HAVE MANY EXTRA FEATURES THAT THIS AMP DOES NOT AND THE TONE IS PERFECT FOR ME. HOWEVER THE VEYRON WILL DEFINITELY GET PLENTY OF GIG TIME AS THE EXTRA HEADROOM THIS AMP PROVIDES IS REALLY SOMETHING AND THAT SLAM I WAS TALKING ABOUT IS REALLY ADRENALINE INDUCING. ALSO THE FAN IS ALMOST SILENT. DEFINITELY A KEEPER.
About a year ago a friend referred this amp to me, he had just purchase it him self, he told me how much he like it.I said cool glad you like it! I have not thought much about that conversation until recently. I was in the market for another amp to back-up my TC Electronic BH 800 bass amp. So the second amp has to have a great sound and great value because the TC ain't no.joke sound wise! Fortunately I was bless to get the Bugera in my hands, though my friend told about his I never heard it until I ordered my mines and receive it! I got here it fairly quickly, the sound is wonderful so many tonal options yet very easy to control, 5 position mid switch and built-in compressor is a huge bonus at the price range! The weight is great at around 6lbs and 2000 watts @ 4ohms, the head room is incredible! Truthfully this could the number one amp! But I still love my TC, but for a second amp Bugera is off the chain!!!! :-) all I can say is watch out TC don't break down because the Veyron Bugera is on your tail extremely close lol!!                
Great head lite and compact i can carry in me bag.....Alot of my friends have this head and love it......I do a lot of major gig's and work with major artist and i can carry this head with me and use other cab's it works great.Will be getting the cab soon for small in town gig's.......loving it great head......I would love to endorse this product it's hot!                
I bought this as a expensive back up to a 6.2 Genz Benz shuttle, and a Eden 550 WT buT this with my Hartke Hx cabinets have become my main club rig. The ultra low and hi switch is great when slapping. I don't know if it is  really  2000 watts, maybe 600 but it's loud enough for what I do. IMHO you can't beat this head for the price.i can't speck about tech support because I have not needed them yet.                
This amp has tons of power. It has a nice tight low end. Lets you find your sound in no time.  Weights less than 8 pounds.  Great for practice at home or on the stage or as a backup for the stage!                
I bought this head for rehearsal use. So far so good. The price was right for the power it has. For me, the compression is a little weak,but not that bad. I am satisfied with this unit.                
this product did not work out for me after 2 weeks playing gigs with the amp begin clipping and my sound was going in and out so after trying 2 different bass heads i just decided to return it.                
When I retired my beloved Trace Elliot Stack, mainly due to size constraints, I went looking for a smaller Class D Head. Tried virtually everything out there, and even brands costing twice as much or more, didn't sound nearly as good as the Bugera BV1001T. I own two of them! The main reasons are this: The Bugera sports a 6 stage All Tube Class A pre-amp section, which the others don't, making for a much warmer, fatter, less compressed overall sound. It also features an optical compressor, which is extremely adjustable to any style.The controls are well laid out and very responsive. The mid frequency control will remind Ampeg fans of the old SVT's! The only reason I did not give it a full 5 stars is because Bugera did not make full use of the amp's capabilities in one area. As the unit has a tube pre-amp, why not put a drive section in the front panel, and on the footswitch, to be able to turn a little grit on, ala' the Trace Elliot AH1200. It would have made an already great amp even more versatile! As for it being 2000 watts? Not really sure about this, I run one of my BV1001Ts through 2 Bugera 2X10s and the other through A Bugera 2 X10, and one of their compact 1 X 15s, either set-up SPANKS!!! At least a 1000, maybe 1200 watts at 4 ohms. Bottom line is it is more than capable of playing just about any type of gig, with any style.                
I have waited a few months to write a review, instead of a two-day WOW! review. I have been using a BBE B max-T with a Crown 1500w power amp into two Acme Low B-2s as my main rig for years. I was tired of lugging a 40" rack for a small gig with one speaker, so I did some research. I chose the Bugera BV1001T, and it has worked out great. Less that 9 # with the case - it kicks it with either one or two power-hungry Acme speakers. The EQ took a bit - bass is flat at about 10 o'clock, and I wound up setting the treble pretty high. The selectable mids are great for when I switch between fretted and fretless basses - and I need the "mwah" Now that I've spent some time with this, I love it! My only quibble is that I replaced the Chinese 12AX7 tubes with JJ's, and it did improve the sound some - not a lot, but you can hear it when you crank the gain - which I do. It's very warm, and makes a perfect amp for my blues/rock gigs. I haven't taken my "big rig" out in months. If I ever need a perfectly squeaky-clean hi-fi sound for a big room, I'll probably drag it out. Otherwise, it's the Bugera - which cost half as much, and weighs 1/4 as much. I recently played the Hard Rock Café Atlanta with it, and everybody that heard it loved it, and couldn't believe the size and power. This thing, run properly, is both warm and clear, with tons of headroom. I doubt the supposed 2000 watt rating, but it does kick my two Acmes (highly power-hungry and inefficient) as hard as they'll take it. Get one, upgrade the tubes, and you'll have a great amp for rock, blues, jam bands, or country, depending how much you hit the gain and volume. Simple EQ - but all you need. I give this an A+ - and in over 40 years, I've played a Bassman, an Acoustic 360, a SVT, a SWR, a Roland, a Peavy pre into a Crown amp, and several Carvin BXs. I really like this head, for what it is!                
i ordered this amp head last Friday was a little skeptical at first due to some reviews. however, my amp head came in the mail saturday morning right before church so i got the chance to give it a test run. boy o boy was i shocked with the results. the lows on this bass were amazing i felt everything on my B string and it was very clean as well. i could really tell the difference between my hartke and bugera i will definitely take my bugera with me. it was very light weight and easy to use and understand. packs a powerful punch for the price. the highs are a bit suspect but none the less it's worth the price.                
Youngest headed off to college and I've got that itch again. Was very pleased to see the tech advancement when i started shopping for new bass gear. My old rigs were crazy heavy. An entire rig lighter than my last head? Yea...
Last piece arrived today. Running head into a GK neo 212 8ohm cab. Bass is a Fender precision lyte with passive geezer emgs. 
Initial impression was NOT favorable. Started with passive and noon gain & compressor settings. Was getting clip light on medium attack notes and the compressor was dropping the volume on strikes. Yuck.
Figured my bass was running hot, so engaged the active -15db setting. The clipping stopped completely. Dropping the gain to 11:00 and raising the gain side volume to 3:00 helped overcome the -15db. The compressor revealed itself to be a very serviceable on board option with those changes. 
Other reviews have said everything else about this head. For now i love it, only durability remains to be tested.                
out powers my GK 700rb, but it should.  I'm impressed with the warm tubey tones Im getting and the construction is really good.  I'm not super impressed with the power switch in the back since I use a rack and rack effects.  Great value, good time to be a bass player.                
Tired of carrying my heavy bass head around, I love the sound of my 1000watt head, however it was just to heavy to lug everywhere.  so I've been reading about the BV1001T Veyron Tube Amp and decided to purchase one. Wow! this amp packs a punch and sound great. Your toddler or lady friend can carry it for you, it's truly that light. Bugera have done it again. Great solid controls to and user friendly.                 
I am so pleased with this choice. Great for every gig and praise and worship team venue. I love it. I will recommend this for everyone.                
Practicing at home or playing at church, I can get just the right sound required for the venue.                
For practicing, I play my mp3 player through the RCA inputs of the AUX In. Every control option I need is there on the front panel.                
The Bugera is far easier to use than my old Peavey combo from 1978. No learning curve!                
Everything about it seems well thought out and manufactured.                
For the price at which you sell it, this amp is a steal!                
I've had no problems with my amp, so no contact with the company.                
It's SO easy to use and get just the sound I want, I have no desire for any other bass amp. I got a monster bass amp for the price of a good practice amp.                
I bought mine from a local music store for $400 with a trade-in of my old Peavey 400 watt bass combo from the late 1970's. This amp is what I wished my Peavey could have been. I use the Bugera in three church services every week, and it performs splendidly. There's WAY more power than needed for a medium sized sanctuary, and I can tweak the sound of my bass for optimal sound. It has RCA inputs for a music player so I can practice. I've never heard any bass amp sound better than this one. The only place I could find a cover is http://www.amplifiercovers.com for $50, but it's really nice.                
Amazing, clear and very powerful sounds comes out of this excellent bass combo. It's a bargain for what you are getting because besides it's powerful sound you get a lot of features.  You won't find a more powerful and good sounding bass combo around this price range. I would recommend it this combo, don't think twice and get it.                 
Cuts out, clips easily doesn't produce the sound it claims it does because you cannot play loud much at all without it cutting out completely. Looked nice out of the box but on the 3rd or 4th time playing it straight from bass to amp the sound went. I turned it off and it came back but the problem is this was a backup for gigs and it's not reliable. I tried different cables, in fact bought new high end cables, even tried all the different basses I own included a $1500 Fender bass. The amp isn't right. I even plugged it into a new conditioning power supply worth $100. I am returning this bass amp. My Hartke and Eden heads can play louder and they only have 1/8th the amount of wattage this thing does. Didn't even bother calling Bugera. Don't get me wrong their guitar heads are good but this bass amp isn't their best product.                
The tips to make this amp better is put a speaker with a paper cone instead of aluminum another thing bugera need to work with bettering their craftsmanship in the electronic  with this amp for example as soon  as you plug in a passive Bass they have this annoying red light comes on and it never goes off especially when you start to dig into the amp and another thing they need to do is stop lying about the power rating saying the amps is 2000 Watts but really no louder than 500.                
One thing bugera amp need to do is stop using cheap opponents and selling it to people using Peak power to bribe the customer I mean if they got to go up on the price to make the amp better they need to do it                
I mean no harm this product is not easy to use with no other product because I couldn't even get a sound through with a passive Bass let alone an active bass guitar                
The quality is trash and they need to go back and redo this amp over again                
Anybody with common sense wouldn't sell this amp                
Music group which is the company in the USA that is supposed to be the manufacturer support team they are the worst they lied to customers and they warranty stinks and they don't know what they doing                
There's no wild Factor amp is terrible                
I went to a local music store a couple of months ago looking for a nice combo amp and soon as I plugged up and play just like the rest of bugera amp it was a technical default in the speaker and not only that it was a technical fault in the one that they replaced it with month later trust me do not buy this product if you want to maintain as a musician to get the job done and have something that is reliable do not buy this                
Bought this on a whim and loved it. Now, I can't find them in stock anywhere and so obviously I am lucky to have gotten in while the getting was good. As always it's subjective blah blah blah, but these have lush overtones with a focus on taming the highs and even out the mids in v1. I'm using a Dr. Z Maz 38 reverb 212.                
The "B" rating is what I needed to tame the gain in my pre-amp section. And the "selected" for low noise is just what I needed.. the amp is quiet with the guitar cord plugged into the pre-amp, beautiful.                
So let me start of and say this is a $300 amplifier and finding 20 watts of tube for that price can be a challenge. Bugera definitely pulled through with this. Aesthetically this thing is pretty. Tolex is firm, handles are nice, everything is SOLID.  I use the Morph EQ more than I'd ever had anticipated and it definitely opens up your tonal options. This amp sounds impressively similar to some of its more expensive counterparts without hurting your pocket. Is it all the bang of a $1500 Orange head? Maybe not, however, for 1/5th of the price you get 4/5ths of the tone (in my opinion) and I would DEFINATELY buy another Bugera product in an instant. Actually want to pick up their 1960 amp soon!                
Got this thing a few months ago and am really impressed. I really like the natural distortion/high-gain this thing creates. It has a very usable range of tones. Granted I'm no elitist tone snob. I really don't have to waste much time knob twisting because it just sounds good. I've ran my trusty versatile Jackson and a Danelectro through it... Yep, all good. Plug in yer f'n guitar and play. Its pretty sweet being able to practice at home on an all tube amp at a reasonable volume; but It can get pretty loud if you want it to. The build quality is very nice and it has looks to boot. Used it a week ago to record a punk/metal band. We ran the guitar straight in, then the amp straight to the recorder via the preamp out. It records very well, It sounds clear and even, sits well in the mix, not noisy. What more do you really need? I'm happy as can be. Also, the foot-switch has the big wide rectangular buttons, not the sub-par generic tiny buttons. That's an extra bonus. 
Haven't had to deal with manufacturer support. So there's no way to give that a fair star rating. In fact, that should not be a required field. Bugera's website seems like they aim to please so 5's across the board.                
I'd like to say I love this amp but I can't. I'd say I strongly like it. It's a fun amp to play, I can dime this thing on the clean channel (read: power tube overdrive) and get some nice crunch and not blow out the windows. Not sure why, I've had 20 watt amps before that I could not do that with (Jet City) You'll have to play around with the overdrive channel to find your sweet spot. If you want clarity and not mush, you probably won't go much past 11 o'clock on the dial. I need to do some tube swapping, the manual says you can swap 6L6 for the EL34's. I like the 34 so I probably won't do that, but you might want to try that. I've got hand wired amps that are superior for obvious reasons, but for a nice little dirty amp you can crank, this is fun to play.                
I received the amp head and the silica packet had burst in the innermost bag, leaving beads everywhere in the amp. It wouldn't power up. I would have accepted a replacement but I'd purchased the last one. I was satisfied that they allowed me to exchange for a different amp at the same price. Shipping and customer service were great, given the circumstances.                
Features - the wattage selection is a godsend! 0.1w is perfect for an apartment at full gain and half volume or less. The morph feature is nice for getting different tones plus the e's. And it comes with a footswitch. Everything I needed.
Quality - it's not light and seems to be sturdy. I've already moved it a few times without a hint of weakness in the structure or handle. It's good looking too. A little wider than my Krank 1x12 tho so it's not "micro".
Sound - clean and dirty both sound great for this price, and it should being tube pre and power. It can keep up with a drum set at full blast but it's very noisy saturated at that level. Haven't tried a 4x1w yet but I'm sure it only gets better when you let it breathe.
Overall - highly recommend this amp for players that want something legit but volume is an issue. I intend to get the matching cab but not in a rush, very happy with it as it is!                
Good quality - Great practice amp - volume easy to control and sounds good at low volumes (3 choices of power output settings). Two Channels and effects loop, input for MP3 and line out. Only thing it is missing is EQ on the Clean channel. At this price, I can live with that.                
I got this today. This thing sounds wonderful. I set it to the .1 watt setting, plugged it into my marshal 4x12 cabinet, turned the volume to 10. Great tone, and nice and quiet, so no other room in the house could hear it, but I could still get controlled feedback and really nice sustain. On the 5 w setting it was a bit louder and you could probably gig with it if you mic your cabinet through the PA. This head is well worth the money. I love the sound even without pedals. It seems well made.                
From Fender Cleans to ENGL SAVAGE BEAST Hi Gain..SOUNDS KILLER !! Have it hooked into my POD PRO X HD - 4 cable - The G5 sounds Better than the Line 6 Amp Models..which are still Great ! Very Very Happy !! Thanks Bugera! Thanks zZounds !                
I first saw this on a different site and checked zZounds to see if they have it. But they were sold out at the time. I waited and when I saw they had it in stock I ordered it. But before I placed my order I checked the web to see some reviews but there was hardly any on YouTube. I was a little skeptical due to how cheap it was but said the hell with it and bought it anyway. Well....I am glad I did. This thing really brings out the best in my Marshall DSL. I can finally get that Marshall sound I love so much with getting a Disturbing the Peace citation from the local authorities.                 
Let the 'Power' of your Amplifiers, 'S'oak' your venue, practice site, bedroom, 1 level below that which your neighbors become your enemies and the exact level that brings smiles to your fans. Like others didn't find many videos to show me it's abilities, so I took a gamble also. And glad I did. A variety of hookup options makes it an inexpensive option for an attenuator                
I was looking for a tube amp head and a 112 cab. Like a lot of people I don't have a ton of money to spend, but I wanted something that would work for what I do. When I got the amp it worked and as advised a let the power tubes warm up before I used it. this is a list of features I really like.
1. A good built in reverb.
2. An effect loop.
3. A switch for 4,8 and 16 Ohm speakers.
4. Came with a foot switch that that controls the channels and turn the reverb on or off
5. Two channels. A clean and a dirty.
6. Responsive tone and volume knobs.
7. Four pre-amp and two power-amp tubes.
8. The Infinity self bias feature for changing tubes.
9. One of the best clean channels I've ever used on a tube amp.
10. Works very well with pedals and effects units.
11. A indicator in back to let you know if the tubes need to be replaced.
12. A great price for a 50 watt all tube amp.
13. Looks great, almost like a Vox Night Train(which I believe Bugera modeled this after).
14. Works extremely well with the Burgera 112TS cab. Great cab by the way.
15. Has a fat switch which is helpful for people using single coil pickups in their guitars.
These are the thing I didn't care for.
1. A fairly bad dirty channel. It tends to get fizzy sounding when bring up the gain.
2. The Tone Cut Knob in my opinion is pretty much useless. It kill your tone and sounds like a wet blanket was put over the speaker or speakers. Maybe if you use it slightly I could see a use for it, but you're better off using your EQ and/or adding an EQ to your effects loop.
3. The stock tubes aren't that good, but then again you can't except much for an inexpensive tube amp.
I love and enjoy playing different kinds of music, but I love my metal :). Here's my temporary fix until I swap out the power tubes with a couple good 6L6s(they'll tighten up the sound of this amp a lot because this amp has a natural low tone), what I do is run a Line 6 Firehawk FX through the effects loops. What I do is lower my pre-amp gain to 4 or 5, use an HD Screamer or the HD Tube Overdrive, use a compressor to tighten up my sound and use the EQ on the Firehawk to level the tone to minimize the fizzy distrortion so I get a more than usable tone. Once I have some new 6L6GT power tubes in there it should be 100%.
Overall this is a great value that has an awesome clean channel and a dirty channels that's great at anything from blue to hard rock, but to get into the metal territory you'll need an overdrive pedal pushing the front end of this amp.                
This thing kicks ass. If you're a "pedal player" and like specific tone quality and sound, then this thing fills in that spot. For the price, the power and tone from its clean and drive channel sound superb. The effects loop works wonders along with whatever compression pedals you may use, but the drive channel may be all you need along with the footswitch that comes with it. Can't really complain about this amp, lol.                 
I read and watched a good number of reviews before I decided to pull the trigger on this head. My primary head is a Laney Ironheart 60, but I was looking for a second head that had more of a British vibe. Ironic since Laney is a British company. I really liked the styling of this amp similar to the now discontinued Vox Night Train series, and, having never played through the amp, at $300 I decided I couldn't really go that wrong.
A number of video reviews will show this amp pushing into metal territory, which I'm sure might be attainable with the master, gain, and lead volume turned all the way to 10. HOWEVER; this is not a metal amp. It does have a nice British style crunch to it on the lead channel, and the clean channel will give you sparkly cleans similar to a Vox.I, predominantly, play hard rock and metal, and this amp offers an avenue to venture into new territories and layer nice textures onto existing licks.I've only played through it for few hours now, but it's very easy to dial in with the controls not being overly sensitive. I've found that the amp has more than enough bottom end to merit turning the "phat" switch on.
The heads build quality seems to be above average. It's not boutique by any means; however, it seems sturdy and very good looking. One the first things I did; however, was yank the Bugera tubes out and replaced them with EH power tubes and Tung Sol preamp tubes. This really mitigated the fuzzy distortion that was coming from the stock tubes.
This is a really straight forward 2 channel head. Clean and lead. That's it. It's got a master volume, master reverb, and master tone cut (this control really doesn't need to be on the amp in my opinion). A very sturdy metal footswitch is included, and overall it's a very nice, easy to use package.
Echoing my previous statement; the build quality is very good. The only complaint is the factory tube set.
Bugera offers a competitive product at a very attractive price. How long will the amp last? Your guess is as good as mine, and only time will tell. But, I think it's a great bang for the buck.                
Just got the Bugera T50 a few days ago. I was a little skeptical of how it would sound for a $300 tube amp but now that I've messed with it I'm so glad I took the chance! Now in all honesty this is my first tube amp so who knows, maybe it's crap but I'm digging the sound it puts out both through my 412 and when using the speaker sims and headphones. If you're looking for a TON of gain this unit might not be for you but for what I'm using it for (think Down, Clutch, Corrosion of Conformity) it's absolutely perfect! For $300 (and includes a foot pedal) you won't be let down!                
i bought this amp, from zzounds (A1 customer service)  and having been a fan of bugera for quite some time now, i really wanted to like it. the clean channel was decent (not fender clean but did its job well enough) for me the dirty channel was more of a fuzz, and certainly was not what i was looking for. I had been using a 25 watt mesa boogie for my gigs, and though i would try this out as its 50 watts and should be able to fill and cut though the mix just fine. unfortunately, it did not. the clean channel for gigging would HAVE to be mic'd it did not cut through at all. and that was dimed out. with the mesa i never had it past half. honestly if your only playing for yourself and have pedals for your desired amount of gain, this should work just fine. anything more you might want something else                
I have a 6l6 tube Peavey ValveKing 2 and wanted a more mid range(Marshall) amp for A/B/Y set up live. So researched like crazy and could of got anything but chose this . WOW !! the clean channel is pristine-clear..i always like my peavey clean but this just has that crisp clear tone. The amp is plenty loud, i usually play on 13 watt setting at home and lkck in 22 live. reverb is good, the mid boost button def punches solos thru. My first el88 tube amp. really finding the -opposite sound to 6l6 i was looking for. What is mind boggling is the price. Only feature i would add is xlr out so i can jam in mixer and headphones at night. great amp ..gig worthy and i can do smaller gig without pedals,plenty of sounds in this amp.quite possibly the best amp bang for the buck made !                 
I purchased this amp due to the fact that it is a poor man's AC30. I love the clean channel. It can sparkle or get a little gritty. The other channel of the amp is pretty much useless to me and that is fine. I got it to be a pedal platform and it serves it's purpose well.                 
Had to change "all the tubes" after 3 months (about an hour a day) the tubes just were not as robust as the amp itself. Perhaps bugera should look into a new tube supplier. Overall a great amp. Takes pedals and loopers very well....Early british to rock.....Some metal......                
I bought this to replace a 1973 Carvin solid state amp that sounds exactly like a Marshall Plexi because the Carvin has started showing its age and losing its sparkle. I picked this amp because of the one review here and the price. I am glad I did! 22 watts is loud enough for any club I am playing in and it gets miked to boot. Everything is sensitive on this amp: the two volumes, master and the eq. The dirty channel breathes fire if you want it to and the clean channel is clean unless you push it a bit... then you are pushing the power tubes into distortion which has a pleasant vibe depending on how hot your guitar pickups are. If you are looking for an amp you want to push on stage this is it. Forget Fender... this has much more character than their deluxes and cost less that half as much. What a great amp! 
I just got the amp a week ago and have only had the chance to log a couple hours on it; but, I have to say, I love this amp. The clean channel, as most have mentioned, is gorgeous. The gain channel sounds really good with some of my guitars, kind of bad with others-- I have guitars with a variety of pick-up configurations-- so I would encourage players to mix & match (as much as you're able) to find the right guitar before you totally dismiss the dirty channel. Also, the EQ knobs do make a difference, so don't expect a "one-size-fits-all" EQ setting. For example,I had the EQ perfectly dialed in on a P90 guitar only to have it sound farty when I plugged in humbuckers-- the good news is, I found a gorgeous (different) EQ setting for THAT guitar. That kind of tinkering may bother some players (personally, I'm okay with it and think the amp's dialed-in tone is worth it). My dream amp is a Fender Deluxe Reverb (which I can't afford) and this is a GREAT alternative for me-- the cleans are beautiful, shimmery when given the right amount of reverb; when it's turned up to just the point of break up and then has a Boss Blues Driver or Tube Screamer added, the dirty channel becomes irrelevant, because this Bugera gets a very satisfying Classic Rock crunch. I love this amp already and I haven't even had a chance to break it in, experiment with mods, etc. Tremendous amp for only $400 (and with the right pedal, the clean channel can do almost anything.) I highly recommend it.                
First, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge that zZounds has the best customer service that I've ever encountered. Usually I have trepidation when it comes to speaking to customer service from other businesses. Not so with zZounds.Now for the amplifier. I find that the clean channel on this amp is as good as amps that cost hundreds, if not thousands more. This is my third decade of performing and teaching. I've had valve amps and solid state amps. The V22 Infinium is a great amp for any amount of money. It doesn't blow the windows out, but it has plenty of headroom and volume. I'm looking forward to hooking it up to a 4x12 or 4x10 cabinet. The cleans have that tone that can only be described as multi-dimentional. The dirty channel gives me all the gain I need without going overboard. I'm not a distortion fan, so I don't care that this isn't a metal amp. I'm a Blues fanatic along with loving Jazz/Fusion, and this amp gives me those sounds I've been after.I've had some REALLY good solid state amplifiers, but let's be honest: valve amps are where tonal nirvana is. Valves allow for the inspiration so the artist can freely express him or herself.                
What a great amp. Since receiving it my other amps including Vox, Blackstar, and more have sat idle. Amazing tones from this amp. For the money you won't find a better value. Stop thinking about it and just order one. Zzounds had it to my door in 3 days. This is my new go-to store for all thing musical.                 
I bought my V22 Infinium used, but nearly new. What they say about the tubes is true; mine went out shortly after I began using it and I replaced them with JJs. I also removed the tube cage, which developed a rattle. That involved having to take the speaker out in order to reach the last screws, but it was pretty simple to achieve. Those are the drawbacks. I'd read that these amps have similar sonic characteristics as a Deluxe Reverb and I've found that this one sounds very well in tune with my ' 65 Fender Strat and my ancient Fender Esquire. The sound for my two guitars with humbuckers and P-90s is adequate but to my ears sounds a little harsh without the warm Duane Allman-ish tones I desire. That said, I would not hesitate to make this purchase again. The amp is solid and a huge bang for the buck. Like other reviews I've read, I've found the clean channel to be the champ here. It plays very pretty with my Fenders. Now that I have good tubes in it, I'm very happy with the Bugera and have no regrets. It's so far been reliable and I wouldn't hesitate to do a club gig with it. I also like that I can flip a switch to toss it down to a 20-watt amp. My neighbors across the street probably appreciate that.                
I have been reviewing amps for about a year, because I found myself constantly trying to dial my tone in on my last amp, which just died on me after 4 years. It was an all tube that I purchased new for  around  $600. I chose this Bugera because of the price/features this amp offers. This amp sings!!!! I bought the last one zZounds had in stock at the time and I'm glad I did.                
This could be easily priced for twice as much even being made in Asia.  It is a bright sounding amp, so I recommend presence at half and treble at 10 o'clock along with normal channel used and bright switch out for warmest tone.  
This company makes clones in my opinion of some of the most sought after amps.  The Infinium V Series are copied Fender Hot Rod amps with much better sounding drive channels as far as my assessment goes.  If you're on a budget, this is the head for you.  The one thing disappointed me on the features is that there is no emulated line out for direct input to a mixing board.  Other than that, I'm very satisfied with this purchase                 
I wrote a review a few weeks back when I first got this.  Although I've yet to gig with it, I'm getting more impressed the more I play it.  I was in my studio learning an Allman Bros. song my band is covering and I am matching the guitar tone from the original recording.  I push the amp with a Blues Driver and a clean boost when needed which lets me hold a note forever!  Warm, smooth distortion and great cleans.  So far, I'm amazed at the price Vs. quality.  AMAZING.  All tube and hand built......China made or not...... it's a great product.  I never used any support from Bugera yet, so I'm not sure how to rate that.                  
I was a little hesitant to buy this amp, despite hearing how great it sounds on all the Youtube reviews and videos. Mainly I was concerned about reliability, having read all the hate and bashing of Bugera from several years ago (and that may be justified, I honestly don't know). 
But in the end, 450 bucks for a 55 watt tube amp, that sounds like this, with the features this has, and a footswitch thrown in, persuaded me to take the chance. I figured WORST case I'm out 450 bucks for nothing. 
All I can say after having it for almost 2 weeks so far is, wow, I'm glad I took the chance. The ONLY question in my mind is will it hold up over the long haul. If it does, it deserves 10 out of 10. 
First the tone, which is why I bought it. It is every bit as good as you hear in the reviews. However, I bought JJ tubes and replaced the Chinese made Bugera tubes that came in it, and I could immediately hear a big difference. It is as if that woke it up and it sounds a lot richer with JJs in it. And I can't say it sounded bad with Bugera tubes, it just sounds way better with JJs to my ears. 
Lots of headroom for smooth as glass, then when you nail it, you can hear that tube breakup. As good as some solid states are, I haven't heard one yet that can totally do that as well as a real tube amp (maybe I just haven't heard the right one). Suffice it to say you can go from perfectly clean to really overdriven breakup and anything in between. 
Includes the footswitch, which allows you to turn reverb on and off, and switch channels (clean/high gain) with it. 
Has reverb. I haven't used it too much yet. 
I liked that it's hard wired (even if by some 9 year old Chinese kid). 
I get no noise no hiss no rattles no weird noises that should not be there with mine. The solid state I had previously had some hiss this amp does not. 
As far as looks, it looks great to me. A bit vintage with modern kicked in, the colors and presentation look good to my eyes. 
If I were to pick at anything, it would be of course made in China, but if it were made in the US it would be 3 times the price at least. And the Chinese stock tubes are terrific in my book. But to get a full complement of JJs cost me about 67 bucks. 
Hopefully with the Infinium setup they will last a while. I didn't have to worry about biasing the tubes just put them in. 
And that is easy to do, however you have to remove the metal cage from over them, and they put a bunch of screws (way more than is needed) around that and some are not exactly easy or fun to reach. I found it easiest to turn it upside down for getting that off so the screws didn't come flying down. Going forward I probably won't need to do that. 
In short, to sum up, this does everything I was hoping. It has not disappointed me in any way and if it holds up, it earns a 10 out of 10 rating from me.                 
I wish I had know about the Bugera V55 before I purchased my Vox AC30VR and eventually an AC15C1 because if I did I would have saved a lot of money.Feature that I like:I LOVE the beautiful retro look Build quality is excellent and it sounds even better than it looks.Triode and Pentode mode to cut down the power when you don’t need it.55 watts more than enough power but you can tweak the volume / tone even if you’re just playing in your bedroom. It has a pedal effects loop.Heavy duty foot switch that works well.3 year Mfg. warrantyThis amp is an absolute steal at the price….even a 2-3 times the price.Feature that I don’t like:I wasn’t aware of this amp before I purchased my other amps.none zZounds is great! I purchased this as a scratch and dent for $355. but it arrived in perfect condition with the box and full warranty. This is the second time that I ordered a scratch and dent from them and both amps arrived without any visible issues….just gotta love the deal!Remember to register you amp fro the warranty at:http://www.music-group.com/brand/bugera/support/product-registrationWith any product there can be problems and I can't honestly comment on product support because I never needed it. I hope I never need warranty service but it’s good to know that I’m covered.I can’t say enough good things about this little amp. If you’re on the fence about this amp just get it because you will love it.                
Here we go. zZounds as usual did a great job getting the amp here quickly.  Riding the fence: I opened the box, turned the amp on left it in standby for 20 minutes, about 45 seconds into playing the amp I heard an electrical noise and the fuse blew. Fuses do not blow for no reason. I opened the chassis and one of the 6l6 tubes were damaged. zZounds agreed to send a new tube..excellent customer service. But I needed to gig with he amp before it would get here. I bought a pair of 6L6 tubes and replace both stock tubes. At the gig... the amp performed without flaw. The tone was fantastic and certainly not what you would not expect from a $450.00 amp. It takes effects well and is very dynamic and clear. Please note I never listened to this amp with the stock speaker. I ordered and Eminence Red White and Blues speaker when I ordered the amp and put it in from the rip.  We will see how it holds up in the long term, but as for now I am very pleased with sound.                
I decided after 30 years of playing and never really being able to afford to, I wanted to get a decent all-tube amp.  Not having a huge amount of money to spend on it, i did quite a bit of research on best "budget" tube amps, and came across the V55.  Not being able to find only locally or even remotely close to me to test in person, i had to rely on various reviews and demos on the YouTube, and i was still a little bit hesitant to purchase the amp, but finding it on sale at another site, and getting a price match from zZounds, convinced me to pull the trigger.  I am so glad that i did.  This amplifier is beautiful.  i love to look at it.  It reminds me of the upholstery in a 50's Cadillac or Chevy.  The sound is amazing.  i love the "glassy" sound if gives my Jimmy Vaughan Strat. The gain channel is plenty fat and dirty for what i do, and will certainly get dirtier.  I find myself pulling out my cheap Yamaha Pacifica a lot more now to use the humbucker in the bridge because of how great the gain channel sounds.  I haven't spend this much time practicing Van Halen riffs since high school, and its because i love the tone of this amp.  I've seen it compared to a Fender Hot Rod deluxe, and i think that is a fair comparison.  I have a friend who has one, and while i love his tone, I'll take this one over his any day of the week.                  
I admit I was hesitant about buying this amp without hearing it first and with the bad reviews Bugera used to get.  But all the current reviews I read were saying how great it was and what a bargain so I took a chance.  I was very surprised and impressed right off the bat. Beautiful amp and built like a tank. I don't gig but I wouldn't want to carry it around to gigs, very heavy.  The sound is amazing both clean and gain. The side of the amp has a small nick in it but it's very small and doesn't bother me.  zZounds has great service and fast shipping, I love these guys!! I am very happy with this amp and would say if your borderline on it, go ahead, you won't be disappointed!                 
This is my first all tube guitar amp. I have 2 brand name solid state amps, the first is 25 watts and never could make it sound right, I have a 100 watt half stack that I do like manly due to the effects built in.  The Bugera, I love it. The build quality is great, very solid and no rattles when playing. The equalizer works wonderfully to get the tone you want. The clean channel is just that, a crisp clean sound and then switch on the gain and WOW, what a nice sound. I have 3 distortion pedals and none sounded as good as the gain on this amp. I have used the turbosound speaker built in and connected my 4-12 cabinet and again, WOW it sounds great. The reverb sounds nice if you know how to use it because it is powerful and the pentode/triode switch not only increase or decreases output but gives you a whole new set of tools to set up the amp. I tried many amps both solid state and all tube but this Bugera just works for me, I can't think of anything bad to say about it.                
My weapon of choice through the years has been Twin Reverb Reissues. I know that sound. It'll be in my head forever. I know how to dial that tone up on any good amplifier. Now what you get with this amp is bonifide tube tone with eq adjustments that you can make work for almost any situation. The dirty channel IMHO is more of a overdrive versus a 'over the top' metal channel. Which is more realistic as most will add pedals to taste. Now, as for value? You won't beat it for the price, plain and simple. Get a blemished model, your just going to use it anyway and zZounds will be giving you superior service through your acquisition!                
It's really a crying shame Bugera doesn't invest in a bit of quality consciousness. The product looks great. I've heard tell it sounds really good. Yet after unpacking my new V55INFINIUM, I plugged it in. I let it warm up. Plugged in a guitar, flicked the switch and.....POP! Blew a fuse. I boxed it back up and sent it to zZounds for a quick refund.                
Some categorize the tone as "muddy" and "dark". I found it to be to my liking, not too dark or muddy. But tone is a personal preference, to each his own. The reverb, being digital, is not all that bad. I have a Vox AC15 C2 with a AC30 true spring reverb tank in it...no comparison there, of course, but my Vox Night Train has a digital reverb in her which is rather nice. I would say this one is not much different to that one. I was able to coax really nice over driven tones from this amp. More blues/classic rock than metal. I never tried pedals on this amp, so no comment there.                
The best feature is the attenuator. That was my main reason for choosing this amp. I wanted a lower watt amp. It was between this and the Vox 4 watt model with an attenuator. This amp was almost half the price and had a gain control.                
Prior to it's "melt down", I was able to get really great tones from this lil' amp. Dialing in the sound you want was easy and I could foresee the .1 watt being a useful tool for late night home practice.                
It felt like it was well made. Great looking, The vinyl covering looked and felt like high end leather. The handle was sturdy and I believe it was made of leather. I felt it would be around in my collection for years. Had it not been for the static/buzzing issue, I'd be playing her right now.                
I hope mine was just a fluke and the rest of you get a issue free model. If so, I know you'll enjoy this amp. No other all tube amp with these features is any where near this value. Hell, I still want to give her another try someday. I'm sure mine was just a bad egg in the bunch. Or, I'll just get another Vox!                
I did not contact them with my issue, just promptly returned it to zZounds.                
The "Wow" factor is the classic good looks and the beefy tones you'll get!                
I really wanted to love this amp, yet sadly after just a few days of ownership, it began to act up. This amp looks great and feels as though it's built really well; solid construction, "leather-like" vinyl covering, classic "chicken head" knobs. This initial tones I was able to get out of her were very much to my liking and I looked forward to getting her broke in and hearing how much better she would sound over time. Yet one afternoon while playing, it began to have a loud static sound, for no reason. I turned it off and then on again with no luck. Then, as mysteriously as it began, it slowly faded away. I continued to play with no more static. Cut to a few days later. it happened again, only more aggressively. Not wanting to take a chance, I decided to just begin the return process while she was still new. I still feel a bit saddened since I really wanted to love this lil' amp.                
WOW! I can't believe how good this thing sounds. Driving tube tone at a volume that won't wake up the whole household. The reverb sounds amazing. I haven't hooked up any pedals yet. I also haven't had to ask for manufacturer support. All in all, I would say to someone who is considering buying this amp, "What are you waiting for?"                
Not nearly as "Dark" as I have read, I think that Bugera may have made some mods to this amp since it first came out. I like the tone a lot, personally, the gain is about perfect and if not over-saturated the reverb works well. It is digital reverb but does not color the tube tone, so its acceptable to add a tiny bit of chime and air to the overall tone. I have only tried to use a big muff pedal on it and was not at all impressed with how it took pedals. I would however, like to be able to add Trem to the tone. Maybe a better quality pedal will sound better not sure.Also, I do use this to driver a 112 cabinet. The bigger speaker sounds much better than the 8 inch in the combo, however, as far as 8'' speakers go, it is usable in a small venue or for practice. I like the power attenuation ability, however at 1 watt and .5 watt I do believe the tone suffers a lot, so I don't use them much. I have heard more expensive amps and they do not have this problem. I guess all-in-all for 200 bucks cant be beat!                
I picked this little guy up and wow.  First off its under to 200 dollar price point.  Second, its a class A tube beauty.  The tone on this thing is better than some small boutique amps I have played on (VHT, Fender, Handmade).  It's got a great clean tone when you want it, and an awesome filthy gritty tube tone when you want it.  The attenuator is bada** for practicing, and the headphone jack works like a charm as well.  I can't comment on the self biasing properties yet as I just got it, but I can say the stock tubes are not bad.  I've had worse.  If you're on the line, get it.  You won't regret it.  I also want to comment on the fit and finish.  This thing looks amazing.  It feels amazing and it plays amazing.                  
this thing sounds nice! dial up the gain at full and at 5 watts with vol under 1 and you have a nice breakup sound ..add some pedals and this little amp will surprise your ears                
This amp gets mic'd up at band practice and it really sounds great..the other guitar player had a solid state amp and this thing is so noticeably warmer sounding..I use a overdrive and a delay pedal with it for some grit and  lead delay..for it's price it is the best home amp i have seen also..so nice not to have to lug around big nice amps to get to rehearsal                 
Great practice amp.  Perfect for bedroom practice sessions.....
Simple, well made, and ready to fill the room with tube warmth and 
acceptable volume levels.                
Man, where do I start? I love this amp. I bought it because I didn't want to spend a lot, but I also missed the sound of a clean guitar in a tube amp. This amp is amazing. The cleans are perfect and crystal clear. I play a lot of blues and this amp is perfect for blues. I put an Ibanez TS9 Tube Screamer in the front of the dirty channel and it gives plenty of bite. This amp is one of the best cheap tube amps I have ever played. If you're looking at buying it, do it!!!                
Opened the box and wow, first thing I noticed is the packaging.. Comes in a smart aluminum hard shell case which foam lined to protect the Mic and shockmount.. The mic is in its own wooden box.. When I opened the box, ok I had my second WOW!  This mic is not only gorgeous, it is very solidly constructed and it is much larger than I imagined..   Enough on the eye candy,  Later today, I set it up in front of my Alvarez acoustic guitar and recorded my first cut with no EQ and just set the mic about 10 inches in front of the sound hole.. not very scientific I know but just the same I got a gorgeous sound with no EQ on playback..   I heard bass response from my Alvarez I had never knew existed.. and the harmonics just rang out so pure.. 
Then it was time to do some real world work, and with the help of my engineer, we cut a VO for a video I am working on.. once again, no EQ in or out and my voice over was full and also had plenty of clarity, a must in a voice over.. 
I will likely buy another soon!  Get one or you just have to blame yourself for buying a Neumann U 87 for mega cash..  when you can get this kind of sound for under $500.                
These microphones sound amazing. I researched ribbon microphones for several months before deciding on these. The price to quality ratio is very high. They are passive ribbons with somewhat low output. I pair them with the Cloudlifter CL-2 mic activator dumpimping into two Presonus Tube Pre V2 tube preamps. The warmth and detail of the sound on vocals and acoustic guitars is stunning. I look forward to using these exquisite mics more in the next several months on drums and electric guitar cabinets.
Also, the included shock mounts and Stereo mounting bar with instructions on the Blumlein stereo miking technique and a great added value. This adds a great 260 3D sound to my recordings. Kudos Cascade.
I recently ordered a keyboard stand and seat for my Casio keyboard. Everything works well, except that the keyboard stand does no sit level. It may have been because the box it and the seat were packed in was a little too small. The box the stand was in stuck out about 3-4 inches from the packing box, and showed some signs of being hit.                
Really like this Casio Piano Bench. The padding is thin, but it's very comfortable, and is very sturdy.                
Just finished a professional stage production review based upon specific music styles of Broadway Show Tunes, here in Florida. Because of the fact that some songs had to be pitched based upon each singer's range, the plus/minus buttons for the transposer were indispensable. Add to that, at all times there is an on screen indication of where the keyboard is currently pitched without having to push a button to find out. Brilliant CASIO!!                
i started lessons as a child but never finished.  so this piano is the one i recently purchased to learn as an adult and it's great. do not expect dynamics or sound quality of a real piano because this doesn't have that, but it is jam packed with a lot of features and is perfect for learning how to play.                 
As an owner of a Roland keyboard and Yamaha digital piano, I was reluctant to purchase a Casio; however, I wanted a light, portable keyboard with decent sound on a budget.  The Casio CTK-6200 met this need.  This keyboard is an excellent value and provides a lot of features for a keyboard player on a budget.  For example, the sequencer offers a lot of features, but...it is a bit clunky to navigate.  While this keyboard has a 32 channel mixer, it is difficult to quickly navigate through the channels on it; however, for under $200, the aforementioned features are and excellent value.  Nonetheless, Roland or Yamaha offer far better options for sequencing and mixing.  I have done a few gigs with this Casio keyboard due to its portability.  It should be noted that the onboard speakers are "cheap" sounding.  To get the best performance, this keyboard needs a sustain pedal AND should be run through an external sound system.  As a keyboard player that plays on worship teams, I found the default piano samples were very tinny, but...I used the tone editor to provide additional reverb, attack, and more "punch" to the piano tones.  The fact that the tones can be editted increases the value of this keyboard.  Overall, Casio makes a GOOD keyboard - not a GREAT keyboard.  For a GREAT keyboard, be prepared to invest a minimum of $1,000 for a Yamaha, Roland, or a Korg.  For a novice player or for a band keyboard player looking for a good keyboard on a budget, the Casio CTK-6200 is a decent choice.                
Reminds me of the old Ensoniq composition keyboards. Wonderful for song writing guitarists. The biggest obstacle is it is not midi and there is no way to make it midi.                
purchased as gift for daughter.. she's happy. I'm happy.  Review by Rating:
SOUND:  speakers could be a little better.. sounds really plastic and shallow.
FEATURES:  loaded. great entry level into sequencing a song or track.
EASE OF USE: not that ease for a novice.. but great learning tool to get started.
QUALITY: PLastic all the way around. Light weight. but not for alot of portablility. I wouldn't take it out the house.
VALUE: ZZounds is great, but for the price i'm not sure. depends on your needs.
MANUFACTURES SUPPORT:  Haven't had to use yet.
THE WOW FACTOR:  My daughters face when she opened her gift. AS far as that.. the features are packed.. USB a major plus
OVERALL: 3.5 stars.:
If your looking for a entry level sequencing board that pulls double duty.. this isn't too bad. If you have any experience with on-board sequencing.. then shell out another $200-$400 and upgrade to Yamaha or Korg.. or just convert to MIDI Controler and Computer for longevity.  
Would i recommend to a friend?
For entry level or beginner sequencing = YES
If experienced at any level = NO
Bought a blemished piece and I can't even tell where the blemish is. Came in well packaged and delivered as promised. 
The keyboard itself is great for people who are either beginners or have lost touch and trying to catch up after a long time. The quality of the build is nice and the sound quality is decent. It is a great value at this price.
Will definitely recommend. 
The Casio LK-280 has so many features that compare with keyboards at 4 times the price. The voices and rhythms sound good, and the lighted keys make it very easy to start playing right out of the box. I really like the SD card slot. I can play midi files from the card or save my music to the card and edit on the computer.                
Great sound. Good volume controls. Touch sensitive keys work great. Works great in different settings. Different sounds (drums, flute, organ, ect) work great. Sounds good. Light up keys work perfectly. And def help.                
So far the keyboard is easy to use. Def have to read instructions. Bunch of buttons and different features. Pretty easy once you know what your doing. Haven't hooked up MIDI cable yet. So I'm not sure how easy it is to download more songs.                
Seems pretty sturdy. Seems like it will last a long time. Doesn't feel flimsy and cheap.                
Everything about this transaction was terrific! I brought a blemished keyboard. Can't even tell where a blemish is. Works perfectly! Worth the price. Great product. Fast shipping. Would gladly do it again. Thanx zzsounds!! :)                
While not the best sounding Casio keyboard, it does have its niche. I bought this for my girlfriend and the great thing about this is that she loves to play it. Even though she is not very good it makes her feel like she is really playing and she has fun doing it. The lighted keys makes it simple for anyone to play and it has a good selection of songs. This is a great keyboard for a beginner to get their feet wet on.                
Love the LK-280 keyboard! Only suggestion is to have "Grand Piano" deeper and richer. Fantastic shipping from ZZounds - in time for Christmas!                
I am completely satisfied with my purchasing experience with zZounds. The quality of the piano was much more than expected. I'm still discovering tones and sound this model makes. The bag was also well made as was the stand and sustain pedal I purchased.                
I am new to playing keys and have been playing on a low line Yamaha with bad action. When I looked for a better one, I looked real hard to find something in the $500 with great action, versatility, and could hook to my DAW. This is very much what I was looking for. All details I wanted are there. The hammer action thumps a bit, I am not sure if that is normal, but I fixed the problem by turning up the volume.                
The Casio PX-350 relies on both the Tri-Sensor Scaled Hammer Keyboard and the AiR which means acoustic & intelligent resonator. These to features combined produce an unprecedented sound and feel that wasn’t seen before in a keyboard that can be purchased less than 1k. All of the piano sounds are great, but some of the other 250 tones are hit or miss. The beauty of having Midi or USB Midi is you get pretty much unlimited amount of tones. As stated earlier the on-board speakers sound great as long as you stay under the max volume (the highest I go is about ¾ the way) then you lose a bit of dynamics and in some cases may experience speaker popping. Audio recorded to an USB Flash drive sounds amazing. It will produce a Wav file, but I noticed that the volume is tad on the low side so I suggest normalizing it using an Audio application such as Audacity. Audio through a PA or amps sound great as well.                
There are so many features on this digital piano that makes it way more valuable than it is priced.                
Overall it is fairly easy to use...                 
The Casio PX-350 is built for the traveling performer, it is light weight and easy to travel with. The built in speakers are sufficient for playing in small to medium sized room without the need for amplification. I congratulate Casio for making it look and feel less like a toy, but I guess that goes for all of their Privia line instruments. I love that they put a Standard USB port on the front of the Keyboard that will allow you to plug in an External Hard Drive or a flash drive to record audio to in either WAV or MIDI format. I also found this port to be useful for charging devices like my tablet or phone or power them while I'm lead sheet reading. It is also very useful for plugging in USB lights and fans. On the downside I don’t really like that they placed the headphone jacks on the back of the instrument. The front or even the side would have been more practical if you ask me. I have also noticed that over time the keys seem to make more noise than when I first got it especially my F# 1 key…                
This is a awesome Digital Piano and i highly recommend it.
Read my full Review with demos at 
http://www.thereviewpre.com/2013/09/casio-privia-px-350-revisited.html                
There are many digital pianos less than 1K but not many are as feature packed as the Casio Privia PX-350. Are there ones with more features? Yes, but in end they are seriously lacking in other areas. You are getting the real deal when you purchase this instrument. The Sound it produces is very dynamic and expressive, that is rare to find in digital pianos less than 1k. The synthetic Ebony and Ivory feel is unheard of in digital pianos under $2500. Normally Casio is playing catch up in the digital piano game but as of late they have been a step ahead of the game and raising the bar enough to make it competitors nervous. I’m Curious to see how Yamaha will answer to this. Their last Digital piano in this class was the Yamaha P155 which is still a beast in its own right but it is starting to look a bit dated.                
Awesome! It is perhaps the best word to describe the new Casio Privia PX 350.
Having researched many hours and having read countless reviews I decided to buy this fantastic Digital Stage Piano. I was right! The most amazing is the realism and the hammer action of the piano, particularly the Grand Piano , in my opinion has better pianos than the  Roland RD700NX , Kurzweil SP4-8 or even Nord pianos !!!!
The design is minimalist ,his intuitive  banking system is perfectly  friendly to use. Casio engineers did amazing work to emulate the hammer action of the keys very very close to a real acoustic Grand Piano.
If you are looking primarily a quality piano as his first priority then the Casio Privia PX 350 is the best choice in the price range below $ 1,500. The sound of the instrument is really appreciated in all its dimensions when it connects to the headphone, mixer or amplifier,  as built-in speakers do not have enough output.
It is important to clarify that the Casio Privia PX 350 is not a Digital Arranger, despite having 250 tones and a 17-track sequencer that will be of great use to translate good ideas of all the music you want to create and play.
Bottle line for the price it has no rival , you don't need to be a scientist to know is good , just listen to believe
PD : ZZOUNS GREAT JOB , YOU GUYS ARE THE BEST                 
I have had almost all the big names in keyboards/piano's over my 30 + years of being in music and hands down this is one of the best sounding and playing pianos. It just has the right feel of being as close to authentic of a real piano as any I have played and I like the texture and bounce of the keys, it just feels right. I currently own a high end Korg and a Roland as well but they have been getting lonely since I bought this Casio and I spent a bunch less money on the Casio as well.  I only have one big complaint and it's simply the damper pedal they send with the keyboard is pretty much junk, meaning that although it works as a damper pedal, it's so light it's nearly impossible to keep it from creeping away from your foot while playing.  The only replacement that Casio mentions in it's manual is a sp 33 (with it's associated stand and three pedals).  Now if you simply are playing the piano at home that would work fine but if your gigging it's another piece of gear to haul around.  After extensive searching on the internet and forums, no one was able to give any concrete ideas on a alternate single damper pedal.  I even called zZounds and the representative at zZounds couldn't help me either.  My email to Casio was no help either, so there you go.  But all in all it's a great piano I wished the electric piano sounds were a bit more in-depth and sounded more authentic but that is a personal thing.  Eventually I will work out the pedal problem and overall it's a rather small issue.                
The PX350 is a great board at a great price.  The finger-sound-brains connection is great.  I use it in a rig along with a Yamaha MOX.   
The built in speakers allows me to "feel" the piano just as if I were playing my acoustic grand at home.
Despite what the manual says, the sound from the line outs to FOH is perfectly fine while simultaneously having the speakers on.  No need to plug the headphone jack to silence them when running to FOH at a gig.
The piano sounds are wonderful!   Organs need help, but that's not why I bought the board.
Overall quality is great, and at 25lbs, it's easy on my old back at load in and load out.                
This was given as a gift to my 18 y/o as a Christmas gift. He is a gifted musician--self-taught on guitar and played several years of trumpet. He loves this instrument and is picking up playing very quickly. Another child of ours is associated with a local music school that has 3-4 Casio 150's and the owner swears by their dependability. We are very pleased with the new piano and zZounds as well--fast delivery, excellent communication and tremendously competitive value.                
I purchased this keyboard after doing a lot of research and I am very satisfied with the way it performs. This is not just a practice piano as another reviewer suggested. This is a workstation with features that you would find on a a keyboard twice the price of this one. Sounds are divided into separate banks (piano, organ, strings, etc.) which you can easily scroll through with up and down buttons. You can also create your own sounds and store them. I have no problems using the keyboard at gigs unlike a previous reviewer. Buttons are logically laid out for easy access. Most of the sounds are pretty awesome but I have found some that I like to tweak at the PA mixing board. Keys have good responsive weighted action and have the feel of ivory not plastic (really nice especially if your hands sweat). You won't find a comparable keyboard for under $1500.00. Get this one, you won't be sorry.                
Not only was the delivery made fast and swift, but the music that comes out of the PX350 is "OMG" without a huge budget, now I can experience the sound and "feel" the keys on this Piano like nothing i've had . Thanks for making it easier on the small studio zZounds.                
I have owned a few Casio keys and the feel never inspired me to play much. When purchasing an instrument most musicians will admit how it feels is just as important as how it sounds. (The moment I placed my fingers on it to begin playing, I grew the biggest smile) The weighted keys feel just like a standard piano, though you have the ability to adjust tone and volume like a keyboard. I really enjoy playing my Priva. I recommend it for anyone who wants to enjoy the sound of a grand without taking up all the space. Oh and it's really pretty too. :) Money well spent!!                
I chose this keyboard entirely by online reviews, and could not be happier. It was unreal to choose a Casio over a Yamaha- but it is easy to see why this keyboard received the highest ratings!                
My church purchased this piano about 3 months ago to replace an OLD 67 key, organ touch Casio that was just bad. After reading a lot of reviews for several different pianos on various websites, we decided to pull the trigger on the PX-350.Sounds:This piano sounds are very nice after a bit of EQ. We don't use the organ sounds much. The synth sounds are pleasant and have a wide variety of tonal characteristics for multiple genres. The string and pad sounds are OK at best. When using this piano through a PA mono (which is how a 'stage piano' will be used 99% of the time) the low end on almost every patch has a very noticeable pulsing sound at about 80Hz and below. This drives our sound tech CRAZY. I suspect (and this is only a guess) that all the patches are designed to be stereo and the 'pulsing' is a result of mono summing.Weight, Touch & Feel:The overall weight of the keyboard is extremely 'gig' friendly. Very light and compact; easily fits into the back seat of a car. That being said, the piano is not very deep and has a hard time sitting correctly on a standard piano stand. We had a carpenter in our church cut us a board that is about 14" deep and the same length as the PX-350. We set the board on the stand, then the piano on the board to keep the piano from sliding around. The weight of the keys is nice and feels as natural as semi-weighted keys can. For some reason (and I'm still trying to figure this one out), instead of a smooth plastic finish on the keys like EVERYONE else has, Casio decided to imprint the keys with a 'wood grain' pattern that feels awkward and extremely unnatural to play! Myself and the other pianists at church have had tough time adjusting to it.Features:Too many buttons! When we first opened the PX-350, my first thought was "Crud! I'm going to have to spend an entire afternoon just reading the manual!" You cannot create presets and assign them to a punch button. You can store them in a bank, but you must hit the up or down arrows and scroll through every other sound in a bank to get to the one you're looking for. Layering sounds is quite difficult and NOT something you can do on the fly in a live situation; we tried and it went horribly wrong. While there are a lot of sounds to choose from, most of them are not realistic enough to be used in a live situation. There are buttons for all kinds of recording, playing, drum beats, and everything else you can think of; most of them completely useless for a live playing situation. I suppose if you're a one-man-band, or a solo artist you may find these useful.Overall, this is at best a PRACTICE piano, not a professional stage piano. Ultimately, our church is in the process of building a new building and we will keep this piano as a backup or put it in a classroom. When it comes time to buy another, I imagine we'll go with a KORG, Yamaha, or Roland.                
Excellent piano action, very good to excellent sound limited by built in speakers.  Touch screen makes navigating easy.  At price point, nothing compared.
Primarily, I use it for practicing piano lessons with headphone when acoustic upright cannot be played. My kids use it in their piano studies and band.
Pro...too many to list.  Outside of Kawai MP11 or maybe ES8, nothing close at 2 to three times price
Cons..Tough to keep reading about entry level keyboard, yamaha superiority, Roland and Kawai better, etc.  Enough to make me question purchase until I play it  again.                
OVERALL:
I purchased the PX-560 in 2017 and I have owned it for several months. I wanted to play it and become familiar with it before writing a somewhat detailed review. First of all, everything about the PX-560 is excellent. There is not a bad sound on this instrument anywhere. Every keyboard manufacturer has their interpretation of what a grand piano sounds like and what a B-3 sounds like and they are similar, but different. At a certain level, the sounds of every quality keyboard built by every manufacturer are good. Again, different, but good. This is very much similar to the argument that guitarists have had for decades; Gibson Les Paul, Fender Stratocaster, or Ibanez Steve Vai. All are great guitars, but different. If the player wants warm and creamy sounds, the Les Paul may be the guitar of choice. Those seeking some twang and bite might opt for the Stratocaster. The shredder guitarist will most likely prefer the Steve Vai. The high-end version of each of these guitars is of excellent build quality but each has unique elements that makes them different. The same is true of electronic pianos and other electronic keyboards..
I was in the market for a high quality piano when I decided to be open minded and look at and play as many keyboards as I could and what I discovered was that the PX-560 can't be beat for the money spent for any keyboard. Certainly, it has it's nuances that make it different from competitors' keyboards costing substantially more and, like any keyboard built by any of Casio's competitors, it has its limitations but overall the PX-560 is excellent. Secondly, it is very important to keep in mind that it is necessary to spend some time learning how to navigate through all the features of this keyboard in order to fully appreciate everything the PX-560 is capable of delivering and delivering well.
FEATURES:
I am not sure what Casio was trying to achieve with the PX-560 but it seems as if the design engineers at Casio did all their homework. Was it intended to be a piano, synthesizer, organ, or multi-sounding keyboard? I'm still not sure but the PX-560 is absolutely loaded with a ton of useful features and sounds that will allow the keyboardist to make it their only keyboard. It is a great piano with excellent synthesizer sounds, fantastic strings, very good organs, very good horns, and tons of other sounds that are all somewhere between very good and excellent. Certainly, as with any keyboard, there is a required learning curve but that is no different from any of the keyboards built by Casio's competitors. And just like any keyboard, it will take some getting familiar with. The built in speakers are an added plus.
QUALITY:
I have had this instrument for several months and I have no complaints or issues with the build quality or sound quality. Everything about it is excellent. The manufactured ebony and ivory feel of the keys will take some getting used to. I still have Roland and Yamaha keyboards that I purchased in 1985 so I hope it lasts as long as those. If you are a gigging or traveling musician, I would strongly recommend a decent hard case and not a gig bag!!
MANUFACTURER SUPPORT:
Have not needed to contact the manufacturer for anything other than to register the product.  
SOUND:
There is not a bad sound on the PX-560 anywhere. Everything sounds somewhere between very good and excellent. Again, every manufacturer has their interpretation of what a grand piano sounds like and what different instruments sound like but this is subjective to individual tastes. I am very pleased with all the sounds on this instrument. There are a number of ethnic sounds and other sounds that I may never use and some sounds that I do not like but the choices make the PX-560 even more versatile than competitors' keyboards costing much more. Also, the ability to layer sounds and control the nuances of every voice of the layered sound is a great feature. The keyboard split function makes it reasonably simple to split the keyboard into desired sounds with an adjustable split point. Cool! 
EASE OF USE:
Like any musical instrument, it requires some time to get familiar with. A little patience is necessary to take advantage of all that this keyboard will do. I am still discovering some things about this keyboard. The owner's manual is well written and It is important to read the owner's manual first. It will save a lot of time.
VALUE:
After substantial research and playing keyboards by other manufacturers, I have not found, and do not believe, any other manufacturer can get close to offering all the features and sounds for the same amount of money. The PX-560 is the best 'bang for the buck' on the market. Roland, Korg, Yamaha, Kurzweil, and Nord are all costing more and substantially more for similar features. The only limitation is that it does not sample. I would have been willing to pay more for a keyboard with this many features that had sampling capability but all I wanted was a real good piano and what I ended up with was so much more. A great buy!
THE WOW FACTOR:
I have played keyboards for more than 30 years. I have owned Yamaha (DX7, SY77, SY85), Roland (Juno 106, DS88, FA-06, EP-50), Hammond (SK-2) and all are still going strong. The PX-560 is a surprisingly great keyboard. I would highly recommend the PX-560 to any keyboardist seeking a great piano or a keyboard that will do everything pretty well except sampling. I was not disappointed. After reading this somewhat lengthy review I hope it proves helpful. I paid full price for this keyboard and I do not work for, or own stock, in Casio. zZounds made purchasing this keyboard a truly pleasant experience. I will purchase more from zZounds in the future. The Casio PX-560 can't be beat (maybe with a stick, perhaps). Those who decide to purchase one of these instruments will not be disappointed. Read the owner's manual and take the time to learn your way around it.                
I'm still familiarizing with all the many features of this machine. LOTS of voices and features to enhance performance, and, like all such instruments, a fairly steep learning curve. But some features seem like they were designed by programmer/engineers, rather than musicians. So far, my biggest disappointment is that the user can't name the stored registrations -- that is, songs -- (you get 96 slots for them). If you're in a concert situation, you have to list your songs and their locations elsewhere(!), even though you can key in titles under the pre-packaged "User Presets" category. Really inconvenient!                
THIS IS A FABULOUS DIGITAL PIANO!! Fantastic piano sounds, and the ability to customize the sounds, adds amazing flexibility. I have both a Casio CGP-700 and the 560. THERE IS NO COMPARISON as to the piano sounds!! And the inclusion of a modulation wheel on the 560 makes many of the "tones" sound so much better! For the money there is no better digital piano out there- NONE!                
This is in my opinion the best Stage Piano for the money! The piano sound is excellent, and the ability to modify the parameters just adds to the quality. No other digital piano in this price range even comes close! It's expressive, and full sounding and yet can be played as fast as you can work the keys, very impressive. The strings are outstanding, and the ability to assign functions to the K-1 to K-3 rotary knobs adds greatly to live performances. You would have to spend 2-4 times as much to beat this piano!                
Lightweight keyboard with fantastic weighted action, that was enough but there's so much more! Lovely piano with undetectable samples and smooth dynamic response, everything you need as a controller too, very satisfied with this purchase!!!                
This is a wonderful digital piano - touch wise, sound wise, appearance-wise, pretty much everything.  I use it as my main keyboard onstage and also record with it because the sounds are very clean.  It replaced a much heavier Roland keyboard that couldn't put up with the Florida humidity - hopefully this one will do better!!  Only things I critique are the layering, splitting, and transposing functions because they are not as quickly accessed, which can be tricky onstage if you need them.  That design should have followed other manufacturers.  Overall, though, a great keyboard.                
This is a great value and a great piano. Not only does it, out of the box, do pretty much everything I need it to do as a worship leader, there is so much more I haven't even looked into yet. The concert grand piano is great and especially for what I do, the Ballad Piano with the layered strings is phenomenal. I love that there is such a community of users for this stage piano! There are tutorials, clinics hosted by Casio, and a whole user forum where you can get pretty much any question answered. Definitely worth the price!                
Casio has always been a great designer of sound engines - What they've given here is incredible sound PLUS the ability to model your own sounds with great flexibility.  I've been around keyboards and studio equipment for thirty years and I am still in awe when play synth chords from this keyboard that reverberate my soul....Piano, organ, love the clavs with the pedal action for the clav/wah sounds....synths are amazing and so customizable...these are my favorite - love the kick drum sounds as well.....very deep with the quality of hip hop/mpc flavor.
This keyboard comes with presets that have been tweaked and tweaked until they are their most presentable and usable (as evidenced by Casios Mike Martin via Youtube and his continuing sound uploads).....They aren't the presets you "delete right away because youre a purist sound modeling expert".                
The most useful feature to me is the ease of finding the sound I want without touching the next button 439 times as is often the case when given an overwhelming amount of options (producers who have hundreds of thousands of samples to look through/choose from can appreciate this as well as those who just want to pick out the "right" sound)......The PX5S gives you the option to select tones that are compatible with the type instrument you want as well as the 100 stage settings that may comprise several different sounds.  
I have noticed some people being dismayed for the lack of a sheet music stand or holder - If this was a requirement for me and I didn't buy this keyboard for that reason It would be one of my biggest nonpurchase failures.....buy a stand - get creative - do something else but don't let it be the reason you don't buy this keyboard.                
The presets already give you a great place to begin.  Sounds can be tailored easily to your liking and needs.  Ease of use with other products: the connectivity options make compatibility a no brainer - The only thing I bought extra was an apple camera connectivity kit to connect my ipad to the keyboard so I could select stage setting via the app "set list maker" as seen in some Casio PX5S review videos via youtube.
Learning curve - The Casio manual is basic, but is designed to acquaint you with control/selection operations.  Then their is the Casio tutorial manual - a deeper look into what the keyboard is capable of and how to do it.  Both are to the point but neither gets you where you feel you've passed the learning curve.  You must - in my opinion be prepared to jump into the youtube tutorials (specifically Mike Martins Clinic #1 and Clinic #2) in order to feel you can now see the light.... - learn that there are settings not only for each "tone" but for each stage setting that may comprise several tones - examples would be compression, eq, filters, pitch variations, etc.....                
The product is made exceptionally well - I wasn't sure how id like the key "feel" after reviews often talked about them being different than synth or other keyboards but I found it was because these keys feel "real" with the way they're designed/made versus the plastic crap we find ourselves accustomed to.  I like them very much and they add to the "make me want to touch it" criteria.  I don't like the knob design as there isn't a visual indicator from my vantage point of playing to indicate where the knob is adjusted.......I did however add small Swarovski crystals to the center indicator of each knob to give me a visual reference.   The crystals are very small but refract the smallest amount of light so I can always glance and see where theyre adjusted.                
I could see this keyboard doubled or tripled in price easily.  A Steal..... I didn't think id every drop this much cash on a Casio but like many people I was blinded by the glitz and glimmer of the lit pads and other nonsense on much lesser abled keyboards.  Casio is underrated and underpromoted in my opinion.  Genres that rely on midi keyboards with pads, etc need to look at this keyboard instead (hiphop, pop, r&b, funk)                
I have not had a reason to deal with the company but would consider the support via Casios Mike Martin on youtube to be an industry best as far as manufacturer support goes for teaching their product.  You cant have this keyboard and not watch his "how to" videos on youtube.                
Knowing what it does is the wow factor.  However - it isn't as sexy as other keyboards.  the white and blue seems a throwback to early small casio days. Ive seen several that were "customized" and in my opinion its a great canvas for that.  Best that Casio spent its resources on sound and possibilities than trying to appeal to the "all show no go" crowd.                 
My buying criteria: 
1 - midi compatible for home studio use
2 - 88 key - preferably hammered keybed
3 - professional level sound engine and sound modeling ability
4 - Dual purpose keyboard - one I could sit down and flesh out ideas or play - and one that was the main keyboard for my DAW (Ableton Live 9 Suite)
5 - SUPPORT!!!!! - ie - video tutorials - something to ease the learning curve
6 - I had to know I was the owner of a bad ass keyboard - had to feel it every day     when I woke and looked at it.....I wanted it to make me want to touch it.....
This keyboard compliments my:
Home studio which is comprised of Ableton Live 9 Suite and Ableton Push midi controller.  
I previously have owned and am experienced with:
1: full size upright piano
2: Akai mpk 61
3: Casio wk 210 
4: Yamaha keyboard 
5: various midi controllers/pads/interfaces
There are 2 things I do:
1.  Sit down whenever I feel like it, turn on the PX5S and just jam, flesh out ideas that will go to the DAW later (which I can record to jumpdrive as im jamming) or just experiment with the vast amount of possiblites in sound design/modeling.....
2.  Turn on my Digital Audio Workstation (Ableton Live) and, with my keyboard connected via USB, create tracks with any virtual instruments I have access to via my computer - as well as loading the WAV files I recorded from my actual keyboard jam sessions - 
I will probably never use this keyboard as a "stage keyboard" as I don't actively play in a band or entertain.  I create and produce within the confines of my home studio.  for this - the Casio PX5S has been incredible.  Its Data Editor that can be downloaded for free opens on your windows or mac computer and with the opening of it you can see each parameter on the keyboard and its possible settings.....new sounds can be downloaded from a very solid user group online and easily loaded to your keyboard via this editor (by use of usb cable from keyboard to computer) or via your jump drive that can move information to and from the keyboard.  The possibilities are endless with this keyboard that has no competition in the below 2-3K price range.  
I'm a 30 year guitar player but pretty much no piano experience. I bought this piano to learn on. I have dabbled with pianos on and off and to start, the keys feel amazing. I have had really good piano player friends say the same thing.  I've messed with some of the extras but honestly I wouldn't really know how well they work until I get some ivory tickling time under my belt. 
I gave features less than 5 based on my lack of knowledge about electronic pianos in general.
I gave quality less than 5 because, while the keys feel amazing and it sounds great, it does not feel like it could take much of a beating. I'm guessing they had to compromise on build quality to make the keys and other features more affordable. Don't beat it up is all I can say ;)
Also I havent had to contact Casio so I gave it 5 because I didn't want to give it 1 and it won't let me NOT choose.
Overall, after having it a few weeks, I am more than happy with the purchase and of course, zZounds payment plans are great!                
I have to admit imho the sounds of this keyboard are still a little shy of the quality of some of the others that have dominated the professional scene for many years, but Casio has come light years beyond what they used to sound like and I have no qualms whatsoever about using it along side of them or by itself. It may be that if I take the time to really learn how to modify the sounds to my liking it would be every bit as satisfying, but I tend to use stock sounds out the box and usually trade up to something else before I ever do so. To me, where this keyboard excels the most is the price/performance ratio and the form factor. For under a $1000 you get a really good feeling weighted 88 note and great sounding keyboard that weighs 25 pounds and fits sideways in probably all but the tiniest of cars. To me that trumps the minor perceived increase in quality of sounds. If the next one they put out is as much of an improvement as there was between the PX3 (which I almost bought) and this, forget everybody else's products. Btw, these are a steal on auction sites and used if you can find them and if you have the cash, but if not, you can't beat zZound's payment plans. :D                 
I bought this keyboard because of many features! I am just scratching the surface, right now, as to what this keyboard is capable of! I am very happy with my purchase and now am looking for a system to amplify this baby! Using headphones is getting old.                
You know this an awesome keyboard. It does so many things. But there are just too many button pushing so to get things done. There isn't any quick way to get to anything. So if you are going to use this keyboard as a multi sound instrument. You won't be making quick changes of sounds!  The keyboard bed and act are awesome. Definitely a great piano act! Sounds on board are good the pianos are great.                 
I couldn't be more pleased if I tried. This piano is everything as advertised with realistic piano FEEL and SOUND! And excellent MIDI controller for my DAW studio. Thank You Casio and Thank You zZounds!                
The piano(s) sounds great!! Lots of variations and subtle nuances in each voice.
My favorite is the Bright Piano although the default Grand Piano is amazing.
The other sounds are pretty good ranging from orchestral to world instrument sounds and General MIDI.                 
This is a perfect blend of a traditional piano with current technology. In addition to being a great piano it also has the features of an upper end portable keyboard with auto accompaniment, computer integration and more. Read the specs for more details                
Turn it on and it's a piano. Easy. Scroll up or down to get to the different piano sounds.
Select a different bank like Elect Pianos or Strings and scroll though those sounds. Basic stuff like recording is pretty simple. Press record and go. 
It gets a little complex with some of the more in- depth functions that most people might never even touch. Lots of "hold this button while pressing another button" type of thing. It works though otherwise you would have a zillion buttons on the front panel. Owners Manual is actually pretty good.                
Key action and feel is superb! Not cheap and plastic-y but has a classic ivory like texture. On a traditional acoustic piano, the keys in the lower register are heavier and respond differently to the lighter touch for the upper end. This accurately and beautifully recreates those nuances. The instrument is relatively small and compact although not intended  to be a portable keyboard. Very study and they paid attention to the important yet simple things. It has extendable support feet to prevent it from tipping in case the instrument is not against a wall. Also the 3 pedals are reinforced underneath so it is well supported. the music stand is easily removable and allows you to set a laptop in its place.  The sliding key cover is a nice feature usually not found until you get to a much higher price point.
The only thing that would be an improvement aesthetically is to provide a larger modestly panel like they do on the Casio PX-850 which does not have all the additional sounds and features of the PX-780.                
There are other products that have similar features as far as number of sounds and other bells and whistles but you do not get in to this quality with other recognizable brand name manufacturers until a much higher price point.                
I have only had the instrument for a month or two so fortunately there has been need for support yet                
When my daughter's vocal music/piano teacher came to our house, she played this instrument. She loved the sound and feel of the keys and asked where we got and what it costs because she wanted to get one for a small studio space. So WOW from me and my family and WOW from a professional music instructor!                
My wife and I had been kicking around the idea of purchasing an inexpensive used piano for some time. My daughter is very involved in school vocal music and we were looking for something that she could use to practice her scales and exercises and improve her musical abilities. We finally decided on this instrument based on versatility, great reviews and the zZounds Pay-as-you-Play option. This is not a plug for zZounds, just a fact.                
Very nice for the money. Sound quality is excellent. The key action is awesome and so is the simulated ivory. Haven't really explored all features. There is a lot to learn about how to even use them effectively. It would be nice if they had a video tutorial to learn more about all the tones, rhythms, splitting the keyboard, how to use the 16 or 17 track recording unit. There's definitely a whole lot of bang for your buck. The assembly took about 2 hrs. I did it by myself and that included the unpacking and disposal of all the cardboard, styrofoam, plastic and so forth. Just overall impressed with the whole unit. Very happy with my purchase of my Casio Priva PX 780. Would do it again in a second.                
Bought this from zZounds 5 days ago on the "Play As You Pay" plan. It was delivered by FedEx earlier today, in pristine, undamaged condition.
From the fit and finish to the feel of the keyboard and the sound, this is a high end digital piano that is, from my research, one of the best values currently available.
If you're looking to spend about $1k on a digital keyboard with weighted hammer action, then I don't think there's anything better than the PX-780 out there. ( If I thought there was I would have bought it instead of the PX-780. hahahaha)
PROS:
1. Weighted, graded, hammer action that feels like a real acoustic piano.
2. For the default concert grand piano voice (at the default settings) at least, the tonal quality, the dynamic range, timbre nuances, resonance(s), depth, and fullness, especially in the mid-low frequencies, are all of very high acoustic realism and quality.  This is the voice that I will be using most, and I'm very happty with it so far.
3. Dual headphone jacks on the FRONT left of the keyboard.
4. Onboard 16/17-track recorder to develop tunes with.
5. Audio recording of user songs done on the multi-track recorder directly to a USB flash drive device (which connects underneath center -- easy access) in .WAV file format.  (Which can then be transferred to your computer for post production tweaking and subsequent mastering to a CD or DVD, and/or rendering in .MP3 format for uploading to various online music sites, or an .MP3 player or whatever.) 
6. The included 3-pedal system is a really nice feature, and so far mine works flawlessly and with partial pedalling.
7 to whatever.  Stuff that just doesn't come to mind at the moment.  But I think that there's definitely more positive to say about this keyboard than I've said in this 'review'.
I would definitely highly recommend the Casio Privia PX-780 digital piano anybody.  Especially those who want the feel (and sound) of an acoustic piano.  (It feels and sounds more like a grand than an upright.
I've been primarily a Yamaha guy over the years, but I truly think that Casio has hit a home run with this PX-780 Privia.
CONS:
None that I can think of at this time.                
I have been wanting a digital piano for years. I've had my eye on the Casio Privia line ever since it was produced and have always been told it was an amazing piano for an amazing price. Well, right before Christmas, I decided to treat myself to the PX-780. I'd be lying if I didn't confess that the 12 interest-free payments didn't help make that decision for me! Wow, what a great great service zZounds offers in that. PLUS free shipping. I got the piano in less than four days too! 
As far as the sound goes, the PX-780 blew my mind! Casio has taken every opportunity to make the piano sounds on their Privia line the most realistic in the industry as far as I'm concerned. From the realistic feel of the faux ebony and ivory keys, the realistic response, to the fact that you can even hear the dampers on the strings (even just pressing the damper pedal, you can hear the dampers move which shocked me!) 
I'd say the PX-78 has proven to be one of the best digital pianos in the $1,000 or less price range. 
I guess if I had just one tiny thing to say, I'd say I wish there were more room on top for lamps or a music light. That is something I'm working out at the moment. Other than that, I give it a solid 8 out of 10.                
Bought this for my 9 year old son for Christmas. It is a good beginner keyboard with some fun features my son enjoys. For the price it offers more than most other small keyboards. I do see him growing out of quickly and needing something more advanced. I don't regret the purchase at all. On a side note I bought a "blemished" version. It looked brand new, the box was a little banged up but for the money saved it was well worth it since the box just went into the trash.                
This is an ideal piano for a preschool aged child. The mini keys are perfect as is the piano size and weight. I also like that it can be battery powered - much safer than using a cord. Also, the child can carry his/her little piano to grandma's, etc. HIghly recommended as a starter keyboard for litle ones.                 
I wanted a keyboard that was easily portable with more than two octaves but less than 61-keys.  I needed sounds that were pitched an octave higher and lower to get the range I sometimes needed.  I needed it to be in concert pitch.  This was the only current model I could find like that. zZounds delivered it to me, several states away, in less than 24 hours.                
For it's price range it's a great little instrument.                 
There are no accessories - which is why I gave this a 8. Had the keyboard come with a power source I would have rated it a 10 as the features are wonderful for such a small keyboard. It has a great variation of sounds and even has little drum sound pads on it.                
Very easy to use and carry.                
Rated this in the middle as I never had to call the company.                
Sex appeal??? It's a keyboard - and yes, it looks nice. But "sex appeal"?????                
Cute keyboard! My 2 year old feels like a rock star! The only minus is no power cord included, when there is an opening for it?! Weird.                
My 7 yr son wanted an electric Keyboard, Not sure how this fad of his will pan out and I didn't want a big abandoned piano take up space. I got him this one which can be tucked away in a closet when not used.If he will get serious with playing the piano I will buy him a more sophisticated oneSounds, construction is great                
Great little keyboard for my beginner piano player                
Good, but not great because of the smaller width keys. You can practice on it, but then have to re-program your finger's muscle memory to full width keys. For the price, met our needs, but if I had to buy one again, I'd look for one with full width keys, even if it was longer. Didn't need all the electronic "features".                
The reason I'm bothering to comment about its features is because, when plugged into a MIDI controller, it works as another MIDI signal trigger just like a key, fader, knob, etc, would. I use this to trigger the main function button of Ableton Live's "Looper" device, which allows me to start recording my microphone's signal without having to touch the computer. Really handy when I want to get something down quickly and accurately but don't want to take my attention away from the instrument. Look at this Sustain Footpedal as another MIDI controller of its own!                
I got one of these with the Casio Privia PX100 years ago. I've never had any problems with it. It just works. Doesn't fall apart.                
It's totally worth the $19. I'm selling my PX100, and the smaller MIDI controller I'm buying doesn't come with one of these, so I'm buying one from zZounds now.                
First let me preface this by saying that I am a professional musician with over 40 years of performing and production experience and have been playing piano and keyboards for over 50 years. Piano was my first instrument, but I am a drummer/percussionist for the most part. I have a very elaborate keyboard rig that I use mostly for production and in the studio.
Recently I was hired by an established band as their percussionist but when they found out I play keyboards as well, they wanted me add a keyboard to my rig and play that on some of the songs. Unfortunatly taking one of the instruments I already owned would create a big hassle to pull out of the studio rig and reprogram it for every gig.
So, I was looking for a new, light weight keyboard with good and practical sounds that would be easy to transport and had everything I needed in one instrument. I didn't want to spend a fortune on it as I already have enough invested in equipment. So, after researching pretty much everything on the market for a month I decided on the Casio WK-6600.
I picked this one because it has a lot of great sounds on it that are going to be usable in a professional working band. Things you are going to use like accoustic pianos that sound real, electric pianos that give you almost every option of sounds from classic models like a Fender Rhodes and many others as well as over 50 excellent organ sounds. The strings sound terrific and there are a lot of recognizable brass and lead synth tones as well. All sounds are customaizable and you can add a boat load of digital effects so you can get a lot out of this instrument. 
That being said, you can also pretty much take it out of the box and give the instruction manual a five minute glance to see how to select the sounds and take it to a gig. The on-board sounds are terrific and for this price, they will blow you away.
The WK-7600 has actual drawbars so if you are big into the organ thing, you will love those, but for my needs they were a little overkill, but I did need a pitch bend wheel so I opted for the WK-6600 over the WK-245.
The on board speakers sound pretty good and for practicing and working on arrangements will be all you need.  No, they aren't going to blow the guitar player out of the room, but run this through a good keyboard amp and you can hold your own in any playing environment.
The workstation part of the deal was an added bonus for me and works like most top end workstations so it will serve me well as an option for doing work at home or in a different studio than the one I work at.
Now, it's important to note that this is not built like a tank, but neither is a violin or accoustic guitar. You need to take care of it and carry it in a case. It has a plastic chassis so dropping it off the end of the stage isn't going to end well. On the flip side it's also about half the weight of most of my other keyboards which is what I was looking for. It makes it super easy to transport.
The keyboard action falls somewhere in between a typical organ/synth style and a fully weighted piano style action. It's velocity sensitive, so you get dynamics, but not as heavy an action as a piano. It's actually kind of a nice blend.
No, it's not a $5000 instrument, but it functions very well in a pro environment so if you are on a budget and need something that's going to cut it on a real world gig, check this one out. As a writing and arrangers tool, you will be very happy using this as well.
I would highly recomend this to anyone looking to get a lot of bang for their buck.
Good quality sounds ! Rebuilding my studio on a tight budget ! It works just fine ! Love the easy recording set up ! You can make beats right out the box ! You will have to tweek your sounds to get them the way you want them to sound but for the most part these sounds are some of the sounds in the big name keyboards! I have owned several big names and this cheap baby can hang with them ! For this price point you can't beat it with a stick ! If you need MIDI keys for your DAW This baby can handle that ! needed more keys every thing has only 61 keys or less. The keys feel good and it is easy to use !                
I could not be happier with the Casio WK 6600!!!  The sound is fantastic and it is easy to navigate...I am just diving in to all it can do but WOW what a great buy for a bargain!!!!!                 
Love it. Sit it on my desk and everytime a tune comes in my head, walk over to it and sound it out. All I need to do is press the on button and play the piano which is the default. Get finished with the keyboard and transfer my notes to my guitar which is my main instrument. Simple, direct, fun. No more trying to work a tune out on my fretboard. Bought it used and blemished but I cant find a flaw. I am new to keyboards so don't expect a comparison-to-other-keyboards type review.. This $220 deal has changed the way I sound out music forever. I simply give it a 5 star because it totally fit my needs. Your needs might be different.                
If your looking for a Korg, this isn't it, but it sounds good for the money.                
After having used a Casio WK-3700 (silver one) for many years as a live workstation, I went ahead and bought this which was supposed to be the new model with 76 keys. Well, this one felt like a toy, the volume knob is about to break, it feel tough to move, crappy speakers, the previous silver model had great full sounding speakers, but the biggest reason I can't even use this is, it has NO KEYPAD to quickly select your patch, so you have to use a bank button, THEN a rotary knob to get to patches. The older model had a keypad which meant I could quickly dial in a patch live. I am considering swapping this one with my old one.                
My review will be short to due my limited time with the WK-7600 and my lack of playing skills.  I'd say that an arranger type keyboard like this would be a bit much for a beginner or novice as it has an amazing set of features, knobs and sliders. For a pro, it might be a bit underwhelming. For the budding artist or someone on a budget, it's a steal.                
I received my item in a timely manner and is enjoying the my keyboard.                
Ok, let's start by telling my story on how I ended up buying this beauty. I had a Yamaha MX 61 which I played every day until some crooked hominids broke in my house and took it with the rest of my musical toys (acoustic and electric guitars, Tascam recorder, etc.....)Anyways.....I used to buy my "toys" at another virtual store until I found this musicians oasis on the net, zZounds!!!!Thanks to the easy payments programs with no interest at all, I was able to get my life (yes, music IS my life!!) Back!!!!That being said, I got the Casio XW-P1 a few days ago and I am amaze with all the features like the Hex layer mode and the performance mod, were you can modify your tone and rhythms on the fly is amazing.The sounds are satisfying for my needs and likeness. I do not play in any band or jam with friends anymore but with this, I can do all of that and more.I am still learning and I know will take me a while until I discover the full potential of this synthesizer. My only critic is that the manual IS NOT USER FRIENDLY. But, you can find plenty of tutorials videos all over the net. Very helpful indeed!Price wise, you just cannot beat this one, especially if you buy it here at zZounds.The hardware is not design to take the "every night at the bar gig" beating, but if you take the necessary care with it, I am sure it will last for a very long time ( I still have my Casio HT-700 since 1988) Came with the power cord, instructions (not very clear though)All in all, I do recommend this board, and especially if you buy it here at zZounds.                
You simply can't review this keyboard fairly without consideration of its low price. It is NOT a first-tier, pro-quality keyboard. Most of the presets are cheesy, the color scheme is questionable, and unless you put the D batteries in (!!!) it's light as a feather. But let's look at what you get for the money. First of all the MIDI implementation is spot on, which is more than you could say for the CZ line of yore. (My CZ5000 didn't even have a Local MIDI Off!!!) The Hammond emulation with the mini-drawbars is pretty damn good, even if the Leslie simulation is less than. The sequencer/arpeggiator is surprisingly good, making it a very useful musical sketchpad, as well as a performance feature. The PCM tones are nice if not superlative, the Hex Layer implementation is very flexible and great for people who want to mix tones rather than get into deep synth editing, the DSP is more than serviceable for live performance--basically it's all done well, with no major lapses in function. Consider for a moment why I bought this keyboard. I used to play keys back in the day, and have some rudimentary skills in performance and synth editing. Bass is now my main ax, and I'm putting together a band to play upbeat oldies, and was looking for the cheapest instrument I could get to do decent vintage sounds--Vox , Farfisa, and Hammond organs, Wurlitzer electric piano, clavinet, and acoustic piano variants--to be used in a live context with a loud, rocking band. (Not your most critical situation.) I figured I could work on the sounds while I was looking for someone that could play the instrument. I found out online that someone had already developed a set of patches to do the Farfisa and Vox sounds using the Hex Layer configuration, so I bought it. Now that I've started to play with the thing, I've discovered that the vintage sounds are all good enough for rock'n'roll--but that layering the sound with some of those cheesy synth presets makes them rock even more! The charm of Vox and Farfisa organs, for example, is the limitations. They weren't rich instruments, they were transistor-driven kazoos compared to synths from the Eighties on--but they rocked, damn it. You could use this Casio as a poor man's Clavinova if you want, but that's not what it does best. What it does best is make Noises That Rock--and if you have any punk sense of adventure in you, you're likely to love this nearly as much as that vintage ARP Odyssey you can't afford.                
Played a wedding with the xw-p1 this past Saturday in a five piece band. After having several practices with it and getting my settings configured, I had everything set and ready for the show and it went very smooth. Switching settings was fast and easy, and learning the controls took very little time after reviewing the manual.
I think one good feature to add would be a user bank of mixed sound presets from different categories. (Each user bank can only be in that specific category, like all organs are in the organ presets).
Otherwise, the build quality is nice, the ability to run on batteries is fantastic, and the look of the unit is great.
Love it!                
I went into the local music store with buying the Roland Juno in mind. When I tried these 2 out side by side, the Casio won hands down. The first thing I noticed was that the Juno has smaller keys than the Casio. The XW-P1 just feels better to play than the Juno, and I am a big Roland fan, owning several of their keyboards. Now if the Casio will only last as long as the Rolands, I'll be hooked for life!                
After watching all the videos from NAMM, I pulled the trigger and I just received a XW-P1 a few days ago. I admit that at first I wasn't so sure about it, but things thing has blown me away. I can't remember the last time I had so much fun with a synth. The lead sounds are wicked and it is easy to edit and make your own. The Hex Layers are really cool too. The drawbar organs seem cool but that's not really my thing. The Step Sequencer was a little confusing at first but now I'm using it to control some of my other synths over MIDI. For EDM this sequencer is amazing.I wish it had aftertouch but overall the XW-P1 is one of the best hardware purchases I've made in a while.                
This is an excellent entry-level keyboard.  It has a good collection of voices and features such as the sequencer and arpeggiator. The drawbar organ emulator is worth the price of the keyboard.  The piano voices are a little weak.  If you already have a pro-quality keyboard, this won't add much.  But if this is your first  'board, it's an excellent value.                
This is by far superior to any korg , roland or yamaha in the same price range. All the features are excellent. I use the organ with the VENT and the sound is marvelous, inspiring and heavenly. I do declare that it is high time we stopped believing in brand names and face the facts. This CASIO xwp1 is the way to go . I cannot understand why korg, roland or yamaha do not want to make a $500 keyboard with these sounds and features. They would be selling them by the thousands. Well, I understand companies want to make millions, but Casio is the only one who is giving top quality for 500 bucks. INCREDIBLE, UNBELIEVABLE. Go for it CASIO, I want to buy your next synth with 120 polyphony and over 1000 sounds. Please do not dis this machine because it is not fair. This one has very powerful sounds and I am more than pleased.                
Wasn't too thrilled with this one. Sold it after a week and got the Korg Microstation instead. MUCH better keyboard!                
This review is simple and to the point.
This pedal is a great foundation pedal for your effects chain.  If you play the blues or classic rock and you want that 1959 Fender Bassman holy grail tone then this is it.
I know because years ago I owned an original 59 Bassman. I never thought a pedal could come close to that amazing tone but this comes so close it's hard to tell the difference. Dial it in correctly and Bam there you go.
It's made like a tank and the controls are very effective.
Get a 18 Volt DC power supply for it and you get even more headroom and a clearer tone that way.
zZounds as always is the best to deal with, period.
that should have been 5 stars for sound, I miss hit the star.                
I had been looking for an Overdrive that was not a typical Boss or OCD. I started watching Youtube Videos and found this pedal there. SO many reviews. I asked my buddy about it and he says he has on at home and at his recording studio also. HE says it it unreal with its Bass tone as well as treble and mids. He then says it adjusts just like a Marshall Amp so I ask, but, you already have a Marshall? HE says he doesn't have to run his Marshall at deafening tones to get the break up that this one provides and that I should quit bugging him and just get it and thank him later. I thanked him later. I have to use three different pedals stacked to get the tone of this thing. It hardly uses any power so I can run it for a very long time on a Battery if I wish. IT is my favorite pedal on my whole board                
This review is for Super Lead mode only as I have not tried the Super Bass mode. In Super Lead, this really does give you access to a range of Marshall amp tones. My target is something from Plexi to JCM800 depending on my needs and this pedal delivers. What you must keep in mind however is that the pedal reacts VERY differently based on input voltage. I honestly was not loving the pedal on 9 volts. It is billed as variac-like, and there may be some truth to that, but for my liking the tone was just way too loose and soupy and not to my ears what I like about the Marshall amps listed above. I decided to try 18 volts and whoa, that was the ticket. Much tighter, more "precise" but still has that tube amp feel. Very reactive with the guitar volume and picking dynamics.I should also mention that this pedal reacts very well with other pedals in front of it. A good screamer variant (I have the Cusack) gives you a fantastic gain boost for super sustaining solos or other work requiring extreme amounts of gain. A clean boost also works well, like the Xotic EP and I particularly love the DLS paired with my Xotic SP Compressor. It is this combination of the DLS and the SP that give me such an outstanding Marshall tone. Balanced, just enough gain, great sustain. Very inspiring and just makes me want to keep playing. Now I have access to all kinds of classic Marshall tones from 70s classic rock to 80s hair metal and everything in between. Works well with all my guitars from Duncan JB and 59 to Gibson 57 Classics to Barden Tele to EMG DG20 set.                
I tested every OD pedal in my guitar shop and it was clear that the DLS was the winner. While other OD pedals sounded a little tinny or thin, the DLS sound incredibly thick and saturated.  Goes great with Gibson SG in Super Lead mode. Super Bass mode sounds great with a Tele. This pedal will make any amp sound like a Marshall                
Hey all garbage pale kids out there in Tupac land. This is the Epoch Delay. The effect pedal that’s going to do great things when it grows up and maybe even save a company from the depths of hell. It will assist you on your sonic journey and might even help you find Animal Chin. Lay down all you’re other delay devices and worship the one true Slapback god. Worship no false idols before it.....The Epoch Deluxe Delay will save your wretched soul, soul, soul!                
Apart from various "demos" on this pedal many already using an LP. It does not reinvent the Page tone but it is a nice foundation stacking OD which I find adds warmth and more amp like tone to an already good tone. My best Pagey tones are using a Pinnacle on vintage around mid on the tones the RAH in front and often a clean boost or another drive in front of the RAH. Killer Pagey stack ranging from cleaner blues to Physical Graffiti tones. Do not presume this pedal alone will give you instant Pagey, it will help but it is a foundation stacking pedal more than a stand alone.                 
This pedal has awesome functionality and awesome sound. Smooth plate reverb will improve the sound quality of any rig! I had to contact customer service because I broke one of the knobs, and they sent one right out the same day! Awesome!                 
I listened to many tremolo pedals before I got this one. It’s simple, well-built, and you’ll swear you’re listening to a vintage tweed amp. This one’s a keeper.                
Great, Awesome sound. Finally a Flange that's just not a preset sweep. Really organic. You can control the amount of sweep by holding the button down and depending on the pressing and releasing, you can start the sweep before the end of the last and really have something more like studio controlled analog flanging. A must have. I can't imagine not having it in my chain.                
Being able to manually trigger the start of the sweep is the feature I have being looking for. Build quality is good and the sound is real good. I might wish for a feedback control to intensify the effect if they come out with a version two. But overall very happy. It does what it's supposed to.Haven't needed factory support so can't really rate it.                
I just receeived this adapter. There is a loss in the signal, in terms of both tone and volume.  The resulting sound is very dull, compared with the one what you would get without this adapter.                
It is a simple female-to-female adapter.                
Easy to use.                
This is not something I had expected.                
Don't know yet.                
I will not use it.  I am searching for a better adapter with little or no signal loss.  If you are serious about tone, don't get this one.                
these would be great if every pedal had the inputs/outputs at the same height.  since all pedals are different these may not work well for you with out putting your pedals at a weird angle and in a bind.                  
Work as advertised.    Ignore the effects comments by the poster trying to connect a pedal -- OF COURSE IT DOES NOT WORK.   It's for rack gear (Balanced connection!)     Clearly the person trying to connect it to a pedal has no idea what they are doing.                
No features to speak of.  It's an adapter.                
Plug it in.  It works.                
Excellent physical build.                
A bit on the pricey side especially when you compare it some of the Neutrik and Switchcraft options.                
Comes apart and doesn't have a notch to hold it in very well with screw.  The fact that you can take it apart can be a great thing for some people so these are very subjected.                
Great ends, quality Beldon Cable, good workmanship and made in the USA.                
I purchased this cable NEW from zZounds and it lasted one show!  I used it for one gig, then during rehearsal a couple of days later it starting cutting out.  Geezzz - truly you get what you pay for.  I will return back to my Monster cable.                 
used these cables before their great but dog hair sticks to them.only draw back! ha ha                
I purchased 3 of these at a great price to use at one of the churches I play at, since the 6 input mixer couldn't handle all of the microphone pairs I wanted to use.  I have freed up 3 channels and am ready to expand my setup there.  I am ordering 6 more to use at the other 2 churches in my parish!                
with out question the very best cable on the market.  As a DJ/Karaoke pro I have to nothing but the best, so that my customers can enjoy the very best other wise I go out of business.  If you wanna play you gotta PAY.

Your Customers will never forget a good experiance                
N/A                
You can get them in any length I got 1 foot since I use it for my drum module and my hi hat isnt far from it and I dont want a 3 foot cable on the floor. The one foot is perfect might purchase a 6 foot one for my Bass                
Easy Install                
Built Sturdy                
Best Bang For Your Buck                
N/A Probably Wont Have To Either                
The metal around the inputs makes it sexy lol                
Gets the job done and wont disappoint                
Well as sound isn't "really" effected by cables which are better then cheap...ill just say 10                
Its a cable and at that it does well.  I found it not to twist THAT easily, which is nice.                
I find it to be made well and its back by a 10year warrenty.  Also its made in the US                
for $14 for a 25 foot is great especially at this quality.                
I haven't delt with or needed to, but as i said it has a 10 year warrenty.                
Its practical but i guess cables can have sex appeal? Its simple and gets the job done.                
Well i hope i dont have to use the 10 year warrenty but its nice to know its there so i plan to use this cable for a while and actually own 2 (one as a backup)                
Nothing special, just a good price                
First off, its a cable and it does what its supposed to, connect my guitar to my amplifier. Now if your an audiophile and absolutely want the best tone, there are better options such as mogami or monster cable, etc. However given the price to performance ratio, you cant get any better than these cables. I use several of these to connect guitar, amp, and pedalboard together and I notice no loss in tone compared to more expensive cables (I have some mogami cables as well and did a comparison). I'm not saying that there isn't a difference between these cables top of the line ones, I'm just saying i couldn't tell a difference.                
Its a cable, self explanitory                
Pretty easy to plug it in                
The soldering is top notch and it is heat shrinked for extra reinforcement. I would expect these cables to last a while                
Like I said before, for the price you can't get any better performance than these cables                
Haven't dealt with the company                
For this price?

Can't be beat. Sound is true enough when tested against my other cables, like Monster cables. Can't tell a bit of difference.
                
Like the right angle / straight sides for hooking up to my effects and loop.
                
Its a cable                
I give it an 8. Could it be a little beter made? Sure, but you'd have to pay more. This is a bargain!!                
Can't beat this price                
n/a                
just a practical addition to my setup.
                
I am satisified for now, but always have backup cables, just in case. Only time will tell if this was a real bargain.
                
Tried out the Gold Rush 10' on usual equipment and was a little shocked at the wide range of clear tones. Did have a Hosa, Fender and Monster cable before this. Very happy with the results. The cable is a true beauty, thin and stiff. The gold appears and disappears depending on the angle. Once again, I could not be more happy than with this CBI.                
It gives your tone the fullness that most cables kill.  It has a vary full tone.                  
Its a cable how can it have more features?                
The cable does not get kinks or knots.                
Best you can buy.  It is so reliable.                
If you want tone, buy this.                
CBI is a great company.                
It is cool looking.                
Totally great.  Good full tone and road tough.                
Good, very full tone                
NEVER gets knotted up or anything!                
I don't gig regularly but it seems like it would most definately hold up on the road                
I like the gold inputs and the black cable with specs of "gold" in it                
I love it. Would replace if stolen or something of that nature                
Bang on. Ad was accurate. Product was as good or better than expected. All circuits tested perfectly. Build quality, labeling, stress wrap is excellent.                
Would it be possible to design an easy-to-use wrap and carry system.  Might detract from the cost of this system which I was VERY pleased with.  I just realize, now that it's in use, that carring 100' of cable with the box on one end and the connectors on the other end puts the system at some risk.                
Our grougp just put together a system with JBL bottoms and Yamaha tops. Yamaha 20 channel board---2500 Crown Amp for bottoms and 1500 Crown for the tops--Using an SHS 2500 amp for Monitors--DBX Crossover, DBX EQ for main and DBX for Mont. other effexts in the rack as well....Snake 100 ft and easy hook as expected---Rock the hell out at a gig Oct. 29th---excellent samll clug hook up                
all                
#1                
great construction                
yes                
had no need to                
great                
yes                
This, by far, has to be the worst cable I've ever owned. It is a light gauge cable and the connectors are poorly made. It failed *just outside* the 30 day warranty period. It did come with my mic package (mic, stand, cable), so it was practically for free, which is why I'm not too upset. However, I would have gladly paid more initially for a better quality cable to be included.

Even though I have not used this cable in performance, I can definitely say it is not road worthy. I've had cables that had really harsh treatment on the road and outlasted this one by years.                 
I could have pursued this as it was still covered under manufacturers warranty, but decided it wasn't worth it. David @ Zzsounds was helpful and offered me a discount on a different cable.  My only disappointment was that I feel a 60 day warranty would be much more useful (which is why I shaved a point off).                
Used them last night, sound was fine.                
Mic cables, what can you say?                
N/A                
Hey, they are economy cables. They do not appear sturdy enough for heavy-duty use. I used them for my drum mics, which have a fairly low amount of tension.                
low price - quality proportionate                
N/A                
N/A                
I am overall satisfied with the product.                
The sound is very good.                 
This is a cable, dosent have any features                
Plug and play!!!!!                
Do it. It's a pretty good cable for this price. If it cost $30, i'd still buy it.                
I have not needed any support, yet.                
I've had it for about 3 month and they held up. My sister can through one day and accidentally tripped on the cord and pull it really far (like about 30 feet!!) and it still works good                
I bought 6 less than 6 months ago and have systematically thrown them all away.  Nothing like your karaoke singer's mics cutting out mid song.                
Wire is flimsy weak junk. Plugs don't work in new jacks like the good one's are Switchcraft or Speakon. Don't Waste your time with these. Most times won't even plug in and make connection                
If it don't plug in and make connection, then obviously this is useless. Wasted time and money.                
CRAP.                
A HUGE NO!!!   The money you spend for product and shipping, and return shipping, You could have bought 3 good ones.                
Why bother their stuff just don't work with pro gear.                
Don't work, DON'T WANT IT !                
Trashed them first day. Not worth sending back. No one should not be allowed to sell this crap.                
Extremely poor quality. Two of three cables failed in less than 7 months. The wire is flimsy and solder connections are VERY poor. I finally trashed them all.                
Every time our church needs new cables, I buy these. Years ago, we used to buy the bargain "3 pack" of another brand for $15. They don't last. Spend a few extra dollars on these, and you wont be sorry. I'm not sure why, but about 3 years ago (and earlier) these cables came with a "Lifetime Warranty", but on our most recent purchase, it says that they come with a "10 Year Warranty". Regardless, we have never (as of yet) had to have one of these cables replaced. If we get 10 years of use out of these cables, I probably wouldn't even bother with making a warranty claim. Now, they don't get used, or get abused, like a working band would use them, but for our purposes, they work great.                
I am very happy with this cable. It performs very well, and appears to by quite rugged. I use the cable between my mixer board and a powered speaker. ZZounds was good to deal with and delivery was prompt.                
This is great. The Neutrik Connectors snap right in and made of metal. I'm confident they will last a lifetime.                
Good quality, low noise.                
I guess it has good features, the neutrik connectors are good.                
Good quality with belden cable and neutrik connectors, low noise.                
Good price for the quality                
Good warranty.                
it looks pretty good, discreet black connectors                
Good quality overall.                
I recently switched over from passive to active speaker set up for our band's PA.  Had to change out all the Neutrik cables for XLR.  Running EV ZXa1 subs with JBL EON 610 mains, and bought these cables to connect to the mixing board.  So far so good.  Can't comment on durability since I've only used them twice, but they seem like good cables.                
I usually just use Live Wire or Monster because of the lifetime warranty.  We gig full time in a cover band and play the usual bar and grill, island resort, and occasional casino gig, so the CBI's do plenty enough of a good job for me.  However, on the fly, I prefer to buy Live Wire because you only have to buy it once replace it for free if it goes bad.  And the clips on the Neutrik female ends of my CBI cable keep getting stuck and I have to pry them out with my fingernails.  Other than that, I'm happy.  You can't beat getting two 30' mic cords for $45!                
Very good mid-priced cable, not noisy                
Good connectors, heavy cable                
works as it should                
not really appealing, just a mic cable                
seems durable and quiet, thats really all I need                
Ordered a pair of 50 ft. CBI microphone cables and had them at my door the next day!                
These are some of the best budget cables or the price I have ever own.                
I was amazed at how quick the items I purchased arrived. The microphone cables worked just fine. I have another project at church and will order more cables for our fellowship hall. Very Pleased!                
Quality cables good value.                
This is a pretty decent sounding cable. I don't know if it compares to handmade, or Mogami studio cables, but nice nonetheless.                
It has everything a cable should.                
It works like a cable.                
Well, the Belden cable and Neutrik connectors should speak for themselves. Time will tell.                
Eh, a dollar a foot for a good quality cable doesn't seem outlandish to me.                
Didn't talk to anyone.                
The Neutrik connectors look nicer than cheap ones...                
I would think it's a solid purchase for anyone looking for, well, a cable. Take a step up and have some made if these don't cut it for you.                
Very Good to excellent                
For Microphones                
Plug and Play                
Seems fine, time will tell.                
yes                
Price                
lifetime of product                
I purchased these cables for use in our church. They get a lot of use because they are connected and disconnected at least twice a week, for band practice and Sunday service, plus whatever other programs that go on during the week. You pretty much get what you pay for when it comes to cables, and so far, even though these are not high end cables, seem well worth the price paid. I would suggest that whatever cable you get, make sure it has the Neutrik connectors. You won't be sorry.                
I bought several of these cables with the highly touted Neutrick connectors. After only a few months several of these connectors screw on back covers split for no apparent reason. Some were in fixed rack equipment with no movement or any other physical abuse. Although the wire quality and assembly seems good I won't be buying any more. Other brands of similiar age have shown no problems.                  
I tried to find the back covers to replace the split ones and no luck. I finally replaced the connectors with some quality shell and insert types.                 
The 2 out of 8 that I ordered that work sound good.  2 DOA 4 failed within a few months while 30 other brand cables that I use work fine under under same non-abusive use.                
It's a cable.                
Easy to troubleshoot when no signal.                
New cables DOA or going bad in a short period of time by no fault of the consumer have a negative value.  I would have paid for the knowledge not to buy CBI.                
Sent letter to VP of company.  No reply.                
Absolute junk!                
CBI has all the best cables. They never short out or anything.                
No comment, it is a cable.                
Best cables you can buy.                
See above.                
They have lifetime guarantees. This makes this cable really shine.                
Awesome cable.                
Best cable company there is.                
your speaker cable are far superios to any i have owned.  the sound and quality of construction are great.                
i love the plated ends.  plus they roll up easy and can take a beating.                
the guitar sound was superior to the cables i got with the peavey speaker system.  i threw out the cables that i had because they constantly lost connection.  your solder joints at the cable ends are great and heavy duty.                
it will last forever                
i purchased 2 speaker wires from radio shack.  radio shack was almost twice the price and was 5 foot shorter then yours.                
the company was helpful and informative                
i would not buy any other manufacturers speaker cable or microphone cable.  your product is superior                
These are thick, well made speaker cables suitable for connecting mains or monitors to your amplifier.  The 1/4" plugs are well made and the cable itself is very thick compared to the original cables that came with our system.  I have used them only twice but we observed no buzz or distortion through our system.  My only complaint is that I wish they were ten feet longer.  The next size up was much too big.                
  I really like these cables. They feel good and heavy and I'm sure they will carry the signal with out any loss of strength.                
These cables are worthy! Needed some longer cables for bigger spread on our speakers. These are better quality than I was expecting. I'm pleased!                
The cables are nice and thick and feet quality, but ends have metal shells and are twice as thick as what the picture shows. These cables cannot be plugged into my audio interface, both at the same time, which is not right. The whole reason why I got them is due to seeing CBI cables in the recommended section                
These 14-gauge cables deliver good sound even at lengths of 175 feet from amp to speaker.                
The PVC jacket is rugged but stiffer than rubber, but seems to endure better regarding sharp surfaces cutting or nicking the surface.                
It winds well enough --but the stiffness, especially when new, can be hard to overcome, so it is important to always wind it correctly.                
After three years the connectors are finally failing. The 1/4" sleeve portion of the plug comes loose where it is riveted onto the fiber disc. It can't be fixed, so the connectors must be replaced. When they get loose, there is the danger of a short happening, or just an outright lack of a connection, which could damage the amp. I got a terrible high end hiss one time because of the looseness--not sure if it was amp related or a bad connection into the speaker. The outer cover had an oversized opening for a larger cable, and the play it allowed from the extra space may be contributing to the early loosening. In the picture of the connector, it does not appear to be the oversized-opening type. Maybe it was a quick exchange during manufacturing due to a lack of a smaller-opening outer cover being available. The opening should be as small as possible for the cable jacket to fit in. My cables are not subjected to excessive abuse or use, and I am always very gentle with them despite this eventual and increasingly evident problem.                
Despite the connector issue, I would still prefer them for the value.                
Not attempted.                
It's just a cable with connectors on it...for sex appeal, a cable can be considered phallic in nature, especially with oversized connectors.                
It does the trick for now.                
Not much to say but it connects my amp to my speakers, much nicer then the overpriced other cable I'd been using.                
The CBI cord may not be as good a quality cord as say a monster cord, but it seems to be able to stand up to the abuse that I put them through. I,m a DJ and work about 2 weekends a month. My prier experience with CBI speaker cords and as a Bass player in an active band and used the CBI instrument cords believe that they are great product.                
One of the CBI's was defective and was quickly replaced. Had a 10' & 6'. It had an old style package. The new one is flawless. The soldering is okay, definitely done by hand. These are about 1/2 of the weight of Monster, but I switched to avoid Jac damage. The package says there's a 10 year guarantee.                
We purchased two 25' and one 50' CBI 14 Gauge Speaker Cables. Good, solid cables at a reasonable price.  We will be purchasing more in the naer future as we replace older cables.                
Sounds great, looks great. Very satisfied.                 
Perfect- No issues with sound quality.                
I did not know I would need to open up the cable and 'redo' some connections to use the cable in a "bridged-mono" application. Even though some work was needed to be done to it so it would fit my application, there were no issues and I was up and running in minutes.                
Plug it in! If you need to change some polarities on the connectors it's no big deal. Very simple product.                
Very high quality. Upon opening up the connectors, I saw that the connections were very solid and any soldering points or points of contact were manufactured very well.                
Value is great. This cable will last an incredibly long time as long as you don't do anything stupid with it. I honestly think you could use this cable as a tow line for moving a broken down car. This thing is rugged...                
N/A                
Roger Ebert gives it "Two Thumbs Up"                
Purchased this cable for connection between a power amp and subwoofer. Cable is very heavy and definitely 'road-worthy'.                
High quality cable, high quality connectors. Can't go wrong.                
Have use the CBI cables for about 20 years and have never had a one fail me.  A great product for the price.                
Great cables.  More boom in the subs.. cables do matter                
behringer  EP1500 amp  yamaha  A500  speakers  use to use cheap gemsound cables upgraded to cbi amp doesnt run as hot tighter low end                
simple plugand play                
very solid previous cables i used speakon connector came loose                
oh yeah                
havent had to contact them no problems                
great                
dont have to look im satisied                
It worked fine for 2 months then it quit working completely. Took the ends apart and the wires are connected solidly but it does not work at all. Replaced it with a monster speakon cable. Hopefully it will last longer?                
Im going to send them an email through their website and see if they will replace it?                
IT IS EXACTLY WHAT I NEED.MYSETUP IS MUCH QUICKER AND I DONT WORRY ABOUT PROBLEMS DURING A SHOW.                
WORTH THE $$$$$$ PAID!!!                
DID NOT NEED SUPPORT YET..THEY WORK FINE                
OWN IT                
SHOULD LAST FEW YEARS OF USE.                
Definitely worth's it's money, very well made                 
Don't mess w/ 16 guage - these are the cables you need.  Tough duty rubber covering stands up to hard use, connections to plugs are solid, 1/4" and Speakon plug ends are heavy duty and make tight connections and 14  guage wire gives less signal loss.  You can spend more but you can't get more for your buck.                
better quality cable                
u can conect a jack input speaker from a speakon                
great cheap cables very good plugs 1/4 and the speakon as well..                 
Only worked for 3 months, guess I should have paid more for a better cable.                
Sound is not really the issue here, it is ease of play, which improves your music, but it does not actually change tone or pitch.                
It helps with the clammy or sticky feel a guitar can sometimes have, based on humidity, temp, your hand's chemestry, cleanliness, etc.  I have used this product for 20 years.  A can lasts for years.  I hold it in my right hand, and spray it to hit my fretboard, left hand and back of the guitar neck in one brief spray.  It is usually good for a full set of playing(45 min to an hour).                
every can consistently good, lasts a long time.                
Never had to deal with them.                
I always have this product sitting on top of my amp, in quick reach for all practice sessions, and gigs.                
All good, no negative comments                
This stuff rocks. And it lasts forever. I bought one can 10 years ago, and I just now ran out. I figure if I buy 4 cans of the stuff, I'll be good until I'm ready to start collecting social security. Typically, I use lemon oil on my rosewood fretboards, but only after I've cleaned them very well with rubbing alcohol. However, I love the look and feel of a high gloss finish on maple. Problem is you can get tacky/sticky issues. That's what I use this stuff for. I use finger ease on the back of my guitar necks, and it plays and feels wonderful. Try it, you'll like it.                
Does what it's supposed to do. And only a dab is needed. I spray a very small section of the back of my neck with the stuff, and then take a clean cloth and rub it up and down the guitar neck.                 
Couldn't get much easier.                
It's good quality stuff. I've never had any issues with it discoloring my finish or anything like that.                
I used a similar product before that came in a tube. I don't remember what it was called, but finger ease is a better product in my own estimation.                 
Never needed support.                
are spray cans sexy?                
It's good stuff.                
Cuts down on string noise                
I paid seven bucks at a guitar store.  Not worth that much!                
good product to cut string noise and makes it easier on callouses.  If you get it on your pick fingers, its almost impossible to keep hold of the pick.                
Been around and using it since the mid or so '70s. Clean, effective, no harm to strings, neck or fretboard. just cover your frets. Afterward after wipe down, spray some on a clean white cotton sock and finish the strings all the way down in the pickup area. Great stuff. Makes for easy smooth playing and keeps strings clean. Excellent on back of neck. Allow to dry for a couple of minutes or so and then wipe down.                
Overall this kit sounds very nice for the money. The stock heads are okay, but not great. I will be replacing them with some nice coated heads in the near future. That being said, I did some recording with them today and was impressed. The drums were tuned pretty tight from the factory but we're easily tuned to my liking. The kick drum is like a Canon, very punchy. I was probably most surprised by the snare drum. I didn't have high expectations but was pleasantly surprised by just how good it sounds.                
The biggest selling points for me on this kit were the Virgin bass drum, and short tom depths. The stand mounted vs kick mounted toms were a must have for me. The kick drum legs have two positions. Open and closed. It is a simple and sturdy set up, and it's nice to not have to mess with setting them evenly. The hardware pack was an added bonus, but I would have gladly paid less for just the Shell pack, and got different hardware.                
It took me about 2.5 hours to set up from unboxing to playing. A beginner might find some of the set up a bit challenging, but if you know drums you shouldn't have much of an issue. The memory clamps take some time to dial in, but once they are you won't have to do it again. The mating function really helps to speed up set up time in a fast paced gig situation. The lugs on the drums must be aligned just right in order to get the screws to thread. It came with some grease for the kick drum lugs but was still quite difficult. Thankfully the kick is the only drum that requires this assembly, until you want to change heads.                
The drums themselves are well made. The bearing edges are very precise, and the wrap finish is nice. I did have some difficulty getting some of the screws to thread, but eventually worked it out. The hardware pack is pretty cheap. The rivets in the stands don't seem like they will hold up to constant set up an tear down. The cymbal stands have some play in the legs which is bothersome. The kick pedal is not awesome. The beater is cheap and will need replacing if you intend to use the pedal. The chain linkage seems light and cheesy compared to other entry level gear. Same for the hit hat stand, although the hihat does have good action. The tom mounts are okay, but I cannot speak to their longevity quite yet. They do hold nice and tight, and are easy to adjust. Good design, but the material is rather cheap. All of the threads on the hardware were a little finicky and I would advise using the grease and some care to not cross thread anything. I'm hoping that this will get better as they break in and get used more. The hardware is functional but will leave a more advanced player wanting more.                
This kit is definitely worth what I payed. If I could have purchased just the Shell pack for $599 it would have been even better, but I am satisfied with what I got for what was payed. The hardware pack is somewhat of a let down but is functional for now.                
I have not dealt directly with the company, but am awaiting an email from zZounds about some replacement kick drum lugs to replace the ones that were damaged in shipping. Hopefully they come through.                
The overall look and presence of this kit is sharp. Very presentable for gigs, but still affordable. It's modern and sounds very good for it's price point.                
I recently decided to pull the trigger on this drum set. It was a long time coming, and I was definitely due for a fresh kit. After a long debate between several different kits available, I decided to go for it. I play in several bands and play gigs regularly. I needed something that sounds good, but that I am okay with taking out of the studio. I also was hoping to spend less than 1k. I had some doubts and reservations but am happy to say that I think it was a good choice. When I received this in the mail there were two holes in the box, and without opening it I could see that some of the kick drum lugs were damaged during shipping. Mostly cosmetic, but it was a bummer. We will see if crush will make it right, but for now it plays fine as is. The factory packaging is pretty weak and I would imagine this is not an isolated incident.                
This speaker is very true to what you put in. No frequencies are hyped across the guitar spectrum but yet it still sounds like a good guitar speaker and not sterile or hi-fi. Has the openness of the American speakers but retains some British smoothness. In my opinion one of the most versatile speakers Celestion makes. High end is crisp and present but not piercing and the low end is full but not loose.
Highly recommended!                
I am a Marshall DSL 40C owner,even after removing the C19 cap its still has a lot of high end harshness because of the 70/80 celestion stock speaker it came with. After installing the A-type 16 ohm,I now have a much warmer low end omph,relax mids,much fuller over all sound with a sweeter high's and still retains that Marshall sound that I dig alot! I thought about an Eminence but to my experience,Marshall and Celestion go well together for the sound I'm going for and also the SM57 seems to be much more friendlier on picking up those combination on a live gig situation, with very little tweaking done. I mainly use 90% bridge humbucker(Dimarzio PAF Pro) on alder body maple neck. Sound" IS" subjective but I really dig my live results. Highly recommend it,especially for Marshall amps...                
I replaced the stock celestions in my Blackstar HT Stage 60 and what a different amp. The amp really came alive. Crisp highs, punchy mids and great bottom end. Well worth the investment.                 
There speakers and reproduce the sound to it's full potential                
Again there speakers. Easy to replace. Just make sure you know the correct ohms 8 or 16                
Never had a failure with a celestion                
For the difference in the sound. Worth every penny                
Haven't had to use there support                
Again, when I replaced the stock 70/80 celestions. I couldn't beleive the how much better my amp sounds                
I would replace them tomorrow                
Wanted to take my Rivera 100 Duo Twelve back to close as original as I could and these were recommended as replacements. They sound great, no flutter in the lows and crisp and clear in the highs.                
I put this in a Vox Pathfinder 15r combo amp and after a 80% break in period I notice this speaker was louder and clearer even with max volume, I have a 2nd Pathfinder with original speaker in it to compare. This definitely has that Celestion sound, kinda G12h30 meets an Alnico Blue vibe to it. Takes distortion/effects well. Just clear as a bell. What can I say I'm very impressed how full and loud this sounds for a 8" speaker. The advances we have today in musical gear is amazing ! Buy this speaker its a worthy upgrade.                
I bought this to replace the stock 'Gold Back' speaker in a 1997 Marshall Valvestate VS15R. The 'Gold Back' is typical of the lower grade OEM Celestion speakers. It didn't sound bad but it didn't really sound "great". This little amp kicks but I knew it could sound better. Upon opening the box I immediately noticed the metal frame on the 'Eight 15' was thicker and felt more substantial than the 'Gold Back'. The improvement in tone was undeniable. Now, granted the Gold Back was 21 years old, but... With the 'Eight 15' the highs were more sparkly and generally had more presence in all settings. I know it will only sound "more better" once the break-in is complete. (I used an HSH Fender Strat with a coil splitter.) The VS15R is unique in that it has dual pre-gains. I dimed both pre-gains and the amp howled like a wild animal. I can only comment on this one amp and speaker combo but it was a huge improvement. And for $29, it was a purchase with great economic value.                
I got this to drop into my Fender Mustang I that I keep handy in my bedroom. Even though this speaker is only rated at 15w, it handles the amp which is rated at 20w without blinking an eye! The more power I give it the better it sounds. It totally opened up my amp sonically. I had recently put a set of Seymour Duncan Seth Lover's in my Epi Les Paul, and although they sounded great, they just seemed to fall flat. In came this unassuming little Celestion speaker and BAM! I don't think that I could ever ask for a better sound out of the rig I'm running. Crunchiness is so nice and open now but it sounds just as good when I back off and clean it up. I cannot recommend this speaker any higher. Thirty bucks made my Fender Mustang sound like a Marshall. Getcha Some!                
i bought this speaker for my small marshall mg15cfx practice amp. the stock speaker started to crackle during strumming and bassy notes. i figured i would take a chance and replace the speaker. i ordered the 8 ohm version and received in a couple of days. originally it looked like the screw holes weren't going to line up but they did. now i have not had a chance to break in the speaker yet, but already it sounds significantly better than the stock speaker was (even at its best). it is a cleaner, clearer sound. Anyways what I'm trying to say is that if you are thinking about a replacement speaker for a cheap practice amp, you can't go wrong with this. It is really a fantastic speaker for the price. The only reminder I will give is that it is only rated for 15 watts, so if you have a 15 watt speaker and use overdrive pedals and crank the amp, you might want to look for a 20-25 watt speaker instead. but as long as you're not aiming every dial, this speaker should do just fine! do yourself a favor and try it. i am sure happy i did.                
For the 15" woofers in my Mackie Thump 15s. The difference between these speakers and the stock speakers is truly remarkable. I was running a sub at 120hz. before acquiring these and now I will only drag my sub out for outdoor gigs in the park. The clarity of the midrange is immediately there, and the tight, solid bass is much improved over the stock item. I heartily recommend....and you need to buy from zZounds. I am a long time satisfied customer and they will always "do you right." The "wow factor" and "manufacturer support" are all about a solid and reliable speaker which needs no "support." Mine works perfectly, so I have not contacted the manufacturer....if I did, it would be to thank them for giving out excellence with value.                
I thought there was no way the sound of my Fender Super Champ X2 could be improved on, I was wrong. With this speaker, (even though it's made in China) in my treasured Super Champ the sound quality is just so unreal. I will gladly put my Super Champ head to head with any so-called "boutique" amps anytime, anywhere. All guitar players out there that are obsessive-compulsive about tone quality like I am, you need this combo...                
I'm using these in a 4X10 closed back cab. They're very musical, full range, without being "hi-fi". I'm a roots player - blues, alt-country. No shred. No metal. For what I'm doing, these are the best I've ever used.                
They seem to be really well made. Nice heavy baskets. They've been completely reliable.                 
Excellent value.                 
The search is over.                 
I put this in a Fender Super Champ XD and i could not believe the improvement in sound , depth and accuracy of the amp emulating features.  Warm , rich sound with great bass, mids and highs and almost the depth of 12 inch speaker.                
suprisingly good made in china celestion                
For what you get with this speaker, it is a total value.                
never had an issue                
Incredible sounding speaker, best 10 inch on the market.                
I purchased this at the same time as a Vox AC4C1-12 in order to replace the stock speaker.When I first heard the stock Vox branded Celestion V-Type, I regretted buying the G12-35XC.Once I installed it though,.. all regrets were gone.This is a nice speaker, very vintage sounding in this amp, but holds up to dirt WELL. It tamed the slight harshness on the Vox, that I knew was going to be there.I would recommend this speaker for just about any style except metal, stick to the Vintage 30s and G12T-75s for that. From jazz to hard rock though, no problem. I have never owned any Pulsonic coned speakers, so I cannot really judge their authenticity or "mojo" in that department. I like it.                
Great 4 12 tone from a single 12. Balls bass treble and clean. I did a 3 hour break in period before taking it through its paces                
I bought the Celestion G12H75 Creamback 16Ω to pair with a Vintage 30 16Ω in a new empty 2x12 cabinet with a two thirds closed 1/3rd open back at 8Ω. I play through a Marshall head and use Gibson Les Pauls and the tone is great! I also have a 4x12 Marshall cabi et with 2 greenbacks and 2 Vintage 30s. I have not played through the 4x12 since getting this speaker. The speaker has a lot of bass and needs to be mixed with a Vintage 30 or other similar speaker to balance the bass a little. The Creamback has a nice and clean sound perfect for classic rock.                
Very clear and musical.  Celestion nailed it with this speaker that would suit anyone's playing style.                
Features?  Tone, tone, tone.                
Install was pretty straight forward in my Peavey Classic 30.                
The speaker seems well made from China.                 
For $125.00 this thing is a steal.  I am now thinking of building my own 2x12 cabinate and plan on using at least one greenback in it.                
Haven't had to deal with support.                
Not sure if I would try a different brand from now on.  Celestion is a tone junkie's dealer.                
I have a Peavey Classic 30 and a '80 Led Paul custom.  The Blue Marvel speaker that came with the amp always had that ice picky sound to it.  I began a quest for tone (never ending for guitar players).   Changed out the original 490 humbucker and SD Allen Holdsworth model for classic '57 & '57 plus.  Then started looking at the amp. The amount of replacement speakers can be overwhelming however I kept coming back to the greenback.  I just couldn't find anything close for this price range.  I wanted a classic sound with a little bit of bite to it.  I plugged in my DS-1 and with a couple of adjustments from EQ I was in tonal eargasm.   This is a very nicely balanced sounding speaker that also sounds awesome clean or dirty.  Also I have to say that living in NJ helped with shipping.  I ordered Wednesday morning and Thursday afternoon it was on my door step.                
This is a nicely balanced speaker with good full bass, killer mids and warm, clear highs.                
Great components make great sound.                
It's a speaker!                
Nice heavy-duty chassis and good overall construction.                
I only paid $100.00 new for this and am very satisfied with the product.                
Haven't dealt with them.                
If you're a guitarist on the eternal quest for tone- don't ignore your speakers! The Greenback has dramatically changed and improved the sound of my amp. Highly recommended.                
I think I'll be quite satisfied for awhile.                
Excellent classic rock and blues sound.  I put 2 of these in a home made 2x12 cabinet and they sound awesome.                
Its a speaker - has everything it needs.                
Getting a wide range of sounds that suit my needs, particularly rock and blues                
No probelems with quality so far.  Expect them to last 20 years at least!                
Got them for $159 each in Australia.  Very competitive price.                
Haven't needed support                
If you want the classic rock guitar sounds - get it!                
I'll be keeping these for a long time.                
I have an older berhinger 412 cab that i bought that came with jensens...i replaced with the g12t-75s and it blew my mind. I plugged in to my friends peavey 412 cab and it sounded good but not as good as mine loaded with the celestions....worth every penney if you treasure your tone..(i play in a metal band)                
I HAVE BEEN PLAYING GUITAR FOR MANY MOONS-I PUT THIS SPEAKER IN MY FENDER STUDIO 85-IT OPENED UP THE AMP WITH INCREDIBLE SOUND-THIS AMP SOUNDS AS GOOD AS MY CARVIN WITH THIS SPEAKER-BUY IT-IT WILL MAKE YOUR SOUND BE GREAT                
there's a lot of bass                
nothing that any speaker wouldnt have                
i think this speaker was made really well because it has been in marshall cabs for years now, i dont see how it could break unless someone mis-treated it                
i would like to see the price go down                
neveer dealt with celestion                
its silver, so much better than black
                
everything about this speaker makes playing guitar a better experience. This speaker and the vintage 30 are the top for metal, in my opinion.                
I Bought a pair to run off my guitar rack. I admit- I am running a solid state rack-mountable amp into them, but I use a Rocktron Gainiac as a pre- and they sound spectacular (for metal and leads). Due to the fact that I play Ibanez, I really wanted to capture the potential high gain aspects of the system, and these Celestions do very well in this build. Gosh, do they 'break up' nice!

BTW- They do sound rather sweet on a really clean (touch of re-verb) channel also.                
I bought them used (fearfully)from a local used equipment shop. Lucky for me- they dont seem to have the typical characteristics of an abused speaker.                
Bolted right in to my custom twin cab                
Um.... has anyone ever heard of Marshall? They speak for themselves. Never a problem- even when pushed hard                
Spendy, but you buy these one time (unless you decide to trash them for fun- then they are spendy twice)                
Never had to call them.                
These are perfect for what I would call an 'ideal' speaker. Sexy? absolutly when you send high gain patches through them.                
I love these. Thank you Celestian.                
defined bass, sweet highs                
would have given a 10, but they aren't cheap  :)                
i installed 4 (16 Ohm-100 Watt version) of these in a slant cab, powered by a Peavey Ultragain Pro head (predecessor of the XXL)- all knobs to 11..  sounds killer...  turned my flubby crap sound into defined hardcore glory, great lows, mellow highs..  from chugga to rippin solos                
good when and if it works at a low range,                
if and when it worked, it was good.                
bought these speakers to replace existing 16 ohm to 8 ohm to match impeadance for the amp head, looked good out of the box, 4 months into light usage, one of the speakers starts to frame buzz. warranty is another issue, celestion manufactures in china, typical chinese quality-junk-my 16 ohm speakers never had this issue.                
to pay this much for poor quality is not a good value.                
trying to get warranty support out celestion, good luck.                
will replace with other manufacturer, or look for non chinese made clelestions.............
                
Great speaker for blues to Metal                
THESE SPEAKERS HAVE THE BEST OVERALL TONE OF ANY SPEAKERS I HAVE OWNED (AND I'VE OWNED MANY). THEY HAVE A BEEFY SOUND THAT CARRIES FULL RANGE WITHOUT ANY SHRILLNESS OR EAR FATIGUE. THEY OPERATE WELL AT ALL VOLUMES, CLEAN OR OVERDRIVEN. WHEN OVERDRIVEN (I USE A MESA HEAD) THEY JUST BLOW THE ROOF OFF THE DUMP. BEST SPEAKERS EVER, AND WORTH THE OUTSIZED CELESTION PRICE.                
JUST SCREW THEM DOWN AND PLUG IN...AAAAHHHHH, THE POWER OF TONE!                
FLAWLESS. I HAVE HAULED THEM ALL OVER THE LANDSCAPE AND HAVE USED THEM NOW IN THREE-FOUR DIFFERENT CABS WITH NO PROBLEMS.                
NOTHING CELESTION PRODUCES WOULD BE CONSIDERED VALUE--TO GET THE BEST, YA GOTTA PAY FOR IT. AND YOU DO WITH THESE, BUT WELL WORTH IT!                
TONE RULES, AND THESE PRODUCE THE MOST DESIRABLE TONE EVER.                
I BELIEVE THESE ARE THE LAST SPEAKERS I'LL EVER NEED.                
Excellent speaker, glad I purchased,sounds round,full and vibrant, perhaps Celestion's best speaker.                
great                
nice sparkle and tone no recone kit available                
easyy                
good                
175                
The Worst                
very wow                
Hello FolksI love the Celestion Gold and it is definitely one of the best sounding speakers in the industry. I have a shop in The Nashville area and have sold over 100 on E bay.Recently I had a customer blow one of the speakers it was obviously abused but I'm like Sam Wal take care of the customer and he'll send you 10 more for treating him right.Well when I heard back from Celestion they told me they could offer me another speaker for a whopping 25 dollars off of what I normally pay. I asked them about re-coning it and they said re-cone kits are not available??? What The Hell you've got to be kidding so if you blow one of your celestion Golds you've got a very expensive door stop. It's really a shame that they just don't get it in my 30 years of selling speakers I've never heard of such a dumb thing. So if your Celestion Gold is starting to get a bit Fatigued be prepared to buy a new one unless you want to drop some aftermarket Chinese kit in it.I've decided not to sell them anymore because of their poor customer service I can't afford to take care of my customers especially knowing now there are no re-cone kits available for such a fine Speaker/Cajun Man Nashville TN                
on a scale of 1-10, the alnico gold 12 is a 10! everything else i've tried comes in at a 6.                
worth every dime.                
they were hard to reach,unfriendly and i'm not convinced they know what they're talking about, at least at the 2 u.s. numbers.                
i did'nt give you a $ amount above because i'll be buying 3 more.                
This speaker is not an unattainable gem like the JBL 120's. If it gets destroyed just buy another. REcone kits are very expensive and hard to do. Its only for the domain of vintage speakers that are no longer made. Its much easier to buy a new one than try to recone it or pay someone to do it.                
The clarity is amazing at all volume levels. They also have one of the tightest attacks making them great for blues and jazz. The pair I got replaced the Line 6 speakers that came in my Flextone II, and these sound hundreds of times better, and they handle every amp model with pristine tone and clarity.                 
Definitely one of the best sounding speakers for guitarist. Celestions pressed steal construction and higher quality voice-coil should give you a lifetime of great tone if matched to the right power.                
These speakers are full of value. Well worth the price. Most of Celestion products hold a great value but these are one of the best. I was torn between this and the greenbacks, but I'm glad I got these. After hearing them I'd definitely be willing to pay more than what I did for them.                
Great product for a good price, from a great company. Overall I'm very satisfied with these speakers and I will be for some time. They brought new life into my older Flextone II, and I look forward to many more years of enjoyment.                
Bought this speaker to replace an oem Celestion 70/80 in an open back 1x12 cabinet. At 90 watts this speaker adds some headroom over most oem speakers. I expected some improvement but not the immediately audible quality increase. All highs whether played clean or with drive are more articulate and sweeter. More mids presence without any overbearing extra coloration of any frequency. 
Buy alnico. In my opinion this is one of the best gear buys I have made in over 40 years of professional playing.                
Haven't really heard anything about these speakers but I thought I'd try one out and wow! Put this speaker in a little 1x12 I use with my Bugera T50 and it sounds great! Now comparatively, the speaker that was in the 1 x 12 had seen its days. It didn't sound horrible but it wasn't that great either. The super 65 has a nice tight sound, and gets loud as hell! I've played through plenty of different cabinets before but never knew what model speaker was loaded in them so I can't really make a comparison between speakers. Kind of curious to see what they would sound like loaded into a 412. For the price you just can't go wrong. And I'm very happy with this speaker!                
I also used two of these bad boys to swap into my Bugera 212. Night and day difference! Great tone, crisp, clean, loud, and most importantly afforable. Super happy with this purchase. Even better than I expected!                
I learned years ago that speakers make a huge difference in shaping your sound. When I buy a new 2x12 combo or cab, I always pair one of these with a Celestion Vintage 30. With that combination I believe you will get the best sound out of your amp. The Creamback paired with the Vintage 30 have all based covered from bass, mid & treble frequencies. You just can't find a better combination with these Celestion speakers. Thank you zZounds for your excellent customer service and pay as you play plans. No other seller of great gear beats you guys! 2 thumbs up!                
My Marshall DSL 40 was too bright and tinny and I had to keep the treble and bass on 2 and the presence off. I put in the Creamback and now I have all controls at midnight, I can now add or subtract as desired, but it sounds great where they are..It brings out the character of my AM Strat and Mex Tele. I love my amp now. I play Rush, AC/DC, Billy Squire, old school metal etc,,,The speaker has that style of midrange punch. Very close to my old dsl 50 half stack. Kudos to ZZounds also as I got the speaker in 3 days!                
I installed the Celestion G12M-65 Creamback Speaker into my Deluxe Reverb.  It opens up nicely and allows just enough bite to come through.  If you play Country, Rock, Surf Sounds, and more, you will love this speaker.                
I use it in front of the clean channel on my Marshall DSL15C and/or DSL40C (added Creambacks to both and replaced V1, V2 and V3 stock valves w/Electroharminix 12AX7's and they both sound amazing w/tons of natural compression) witch turns them into virtual TSL's. I'm stoked with it!                
Bought a pair of these for my Orange DT30H. These are great if you want to use a 2x12 cabinet. The extra power allows them to handle low frequencies better than the greenbacks. The DT30H has a real punchy midrange in fact, I thought it was too much when I tried it with the Vintage 30s but this speaker really brought out the personality in the amp. It has a nice well rounded frequency response when played clean and has a smooth (not harsh) distortion.                
First off, I DID NOT buy this speaker for a top notch amp. I bought it to replace the stock speaker in my Fender 25R practice amp. As one can already assume, the sound is thicker with the Celestion. It cleared the low end and cleaned up the grainy top end. I would have used this speaker in a tube amp if it required a 10" speaker. However, I'm a big fan of Celestion from their Vintage 30V in my tube amp. This is a no brainer when it comes to replacing stock amp speakers.                
I am a professional musician. I use a Gallien Kreuger MLE208 for most of my smaller jobs. After years of service the speakers were shot so I was looking around for a suitable replacement. I noticed that the new Quilter 100 watt amps were using these Celestion 8 inch speakers successfully. I did some research and decided to buy two from zZounds. As usual the sales person was friendly and knowledgeable . The online purchase process was quick and easy and the shipping was almost as fast.
Installing the speakers was a bit of a chore since the amp has a metal encloser that has a billion screws holding it together. But once I got it apart everything went smoothly.The speaker terminals are clearly marked for plus and minus so there was no problem connecting them correctly. I was pleasantly surprised at the sound. The new speakers seem to be more efficient than the old ones with every note "speaking" clearly with no annoying overtones or bass woofing. I don't have to turn up the amp as far as I did before and when I do turn it up the sound doesn't distort until a much higher volume than before. All in all I would recommend these speakers to anyone who needs a good 8 inch speaker for PA or guitar use.                
I put this speaker in my Tech21 Trademark 10. The stock speaker is like most 8" that come in low powered solid state amps, just OK. Farts at louder volumes and breaks up excessively when you run a moderate amount of bass. However, I put this little guy in and it's awesome. A lot louder and you can actually get clean sounds at higher volumes. It sounds very balanced and as big as a tiny 8" speaker can. I love it                
I purchased these as replacements on a Rivera M60 2x10 combo. I took a chance on these based on reviews and demos on the internet. These did change the sound of my amp for the better. These are not cheap speakers and ZZounds made it possible for me to experiment with my amp. I 'm very happy with the way they sound. If you have good gear, it only makes sense to have good speakers to complete your sound.I did not need manufacturers support. Speakers are an easy install.                
Upgraded the factory speaker in my Marshall DSL 40c with the vintage 30. The difference is knight and day . Have used this speaker in many amps, boxes with everything from blues to metal and it performs! There is a reason you see the vintage thirty in almost all the top shelf rigs out there. It lives up to its reputation, stop thinking about it and buy it now ! You want regret it ...                
This is a great speaker for rock, tight low end, present midrange and smooth highs. Some folks are off put by the "upper mid spike" but in the right amp or paired with the right speaker this compliments the tone beautifully instead of being an annoyance. Great articulate sounding speaker. Highly recommend pairing it with a Swamp Thang in a 2x12.                
I have this speaker in my Fender Hot Rod Deluxe. I play Country Music along with my Fender Telecaster. This combination is very clean, powerful , and loaded with tone. I plan to replace the Black Widows in my Twin Reverb with Vintage 30's very soon!                
The speaker is very well built and looks as good as it sounds. It carries itself perfectly in my kind of music.                
This speaker in conjunction with my Hot Rod Deluxe is a very reliable, powerful combination suitable for any gig. I've used it outside, in ballrooms, and on our last cd. No disappointments whatsoever!                
The value is surprisingly great considering the low price.                
No. I haven't dealt with them.                
It's fantastic.                
Ten years or more. I thought I was happy with the Peavey Black Widows in my Twin until I bought my Hot Rod Deluxe with the Celestion Vintage 30. I only hope my Twin sounds as good with a pair of Vintage 30's in them.                
Good price. zZounds beat others for me. Shipped lightning quick. Installed in minutes. The tones coming from the Firebird, renewed HT5R and Boss distortion pedal were shockingly improved. The '16 'bird HP pups are a perfect match for me. The Schecter Banshee elite FR-S was more subdued after the V30 swap, but improved in crunchy tones and power chords. It's all relative, and your mileage will vary, but exetremely pleased with purchase from zZ.                
These vintage 30's sound amazing! Excellent sound quality. You will get good low end and mid range from these speakers and the highs sound great as well. I can play all styles of music with these speakers and you can, too.                
These speakers really don't have any special features, but the magnet is much bigger than the stock speaker that I replaced.                
When I first took these speakers out of the box I could tell that I had some very well made speakers. I email Celestion before buying these speakers because they were made in China. They explained that the factory uses the same quality parts as they use in England. So, don't worry. Not even about the glue that is used!                 
These speakers are worth the price. Every bit.                
They answer emails right away and will tell you what speaker to buy and not to buy.                
IMO, these are the best replacement speakers that one can buy. I put these speakers in my Genz Benz G Flex 2X12 cabinet. Now I have that Rectifier sound without the huge price tag. The way that the G Flex cabinet is baffled, the Celestion Vintage 30 60watt speakers produce a sound that will make you hate to put your guitar down!                
weak highs no bass mostly mids I have heard them with many amps just not much tone I replaced mine with celestion 70's great change 12m70 tone monsters 2 12 50 watt carvin.                
made well even dose the job just not with my style I USE P90'S AND A HEAVY MID RANGE SPEAKER IS NOT GOOD.                
Outstanding sound clarity, bass response, and tightness when pushed hard.  I have two of them in a cab hooked up to various amps.  They can bring out the best of any amp, especially sweet Fender cleans--but they sound great with anything.                
Great price for the sound quality.                
A 2x12 cab loaded with these speakers revitalized all my amps.  I have mostly Vox and Fender tube amps, and the clarity and punch I get from adding these speakers to any rig is outstanding.  Great buy.                
This is hands down one of the finest guitars I have ever owned! It is capable of producing an exceptionally broad range of tones, all of which are very usable and capable of covering virtually any style of music. The neck is super fast and just feels great, effortless to play for long periods of time. The guitar is just loaded with features, all of which are very pragmatic, its obvious there was a ton of thought put into this build. I would say it is as fine a working mans guitar as you can come by. The tremelo is rock solid, intonation is fantastic in all registers, there isnt a single spot on the neck that is cumbersome to reach. The pickups sound incredible and can dial in everything from sweet bluesy single coil tones to full on shred. Lastly, I personally love the aesthetics of this axe, its not overly flashy but is undeniably beautiful in an earthy kind of way. Natural roasted finish is off the hook. I really couldn't be happier. If you are a working musician looking for an exceptionally functional yet highly refined guitar this is definitely one to consider. You wont be disappointed!                 
Bought one a few months ago and it absolutely solves every problem I’ve had with gigging here in the Florida weather. Rarely goes out of tune, plays and sounds like a sweet dream and rarely break string anymore due to the redesigned Floyd. I can open the case and play no matter if it’s 50 and dry out or 100 and muggy. The only issue I have is the bridge. If you over bend strings like I do expect to be pulling the high E right out of the saddle. I’ve had it inspected and nothing is wrong, it’s just a weak point in the design. Charvel support had no viable solution for this, maybe I’m the only guy out there overbending this thing                 
sound quality is 10 out of 10 being compared with a Strat and an Ibanez JEM and using the same rig each time with same settings                
Not a lot of features .........tremelo or multiple knobs.  Just a volume knob and that's all this instrument needed                
Just plug it in and play..........right out of the box it perfect                
Yes, made well and I'm familiar with Charvel dating back to the 80's. I never had a problem with the San Dimas originals and they were played hard and long for years                
I thought it was a little expensive but then again it is also the best in my collection of high quality instruments and has top billing. I cannot imagine what would play and sound better                 
Yes ,we go way back to the 80's when I owned 4 of them at the same time. I was a good client with this company and they have always been good to me                
5 out of 5 stars .  Looks great and sounds even better                
Outstanding instrument in every way...........I bought one last month and have played it  every single day and there are zero issues.  I own a Srtat and Ibanez        ( JEM 77P ) and had owned 4 Charvels circa 1980's San Dimas originals. I debated buying a Charvel as I believed there was no way they would or could match the 80's models and I'm here to say this one has proved me wrong thankfully !  This has quickly become the go-to instrument of choice and it had tough competition with the JEM 77P.   But facts are facts and this rather expensive instrument has won hands down. I've played guitar since the 80's and am building a recording studio this year and this will be used for recording purposes no doubt.  zZounds has been completely excellent to work with answering any questions and getting the products shipped quickly and with no damage whatsoever.  I spent a lot of time comparison shopping in the past and turns out there was no point . They have provided me with a Marshall Cabinet  , Egnater amp , wireless setup and now this guitar.  I honestly won't hesitate to buy again when the time is right !                
My Jim Root has EMG's so I was wanting something more expressive. The hard mounted JB/59 combo really does sound very well with this wood and weight. Plugged into my 100 watt Peavy Windsor head and stomped on my Vai Wah. really nice tone. I'm a big Jake E Lee fan and the tone kind of reminded me of his tone off of Dusk. Raw and clear but distorted. Cant wait to experiment with the set up a bit more.                
The neck is really cool. Its wider than my Fender JR across the fretboard but the back isnt any thicker. It was unusual at first but after a god hour I had myself in the pocket and adjusted to the differences. If you like Ibanez necks, you would ALMOST be at home on this. Split coil is cool as I love a good single coil neck tone and adds more tonal dimension ala the 6 pack of sound. (YOUTUBE THAT)                
This thing was in tune out of the box. Again after adjusting to the wider neck I was off to the races. The Floyd works as it should and I'll have to re-learn my trem tricks as I've been away from it since I've been on the Jim Root for so long.                
Man I gotta say I stumbled on Made in Mexico guitars by mistake 3 years ago with my Root Tele. That guitar was so well made I knew for my price range I was getting another MIM guitar. This one again, is so well crafted I'm really suprised at how well the Mexico factory does for the price point. Its a beautiful guitar in person that immediately gave off an EVH kind of vibe to it. FRETS, WOODWORK,AND ELECTRONICS all in perfect condition.                
I think this thing is worth much more and very suprised it isnt at least a grand. Top notch build, great components, great specs. It's worth the price for sure.                
I have not ever dealt with Charvel. But I'm a longstanding customer and advocate of zZounds. The one time I ordered a dream guitar "Les Paul" I recieved it packed expertly as usual but the build quality was so bad I sent it back. zZounds didnt even flich. Let me send it back and chose an SRV Strat instead. I am poor and if it werent for zZounds pay 2 play plan I wouldnt  have any of the awesome gear I do now.                
Well its woody looking and I dig that. The picture that is in the zZounds page is a little bit darker than what I got. Which is cool as it matches closer to the lighter maple fretboard. So much like the Jim Root Tele, this Charvel Style 2 is hot rodded tele that you just dont see everyday. with some fantastic meaty pickups directly mounted to the wood, a Floyd Rose and all that beautiful wood grain this thing wow's. Even my girlfriend dug it.                
It came down to this Style 2 and a Wolfgang. After reviewing hundreds of youtube reviews and demo's and Guitar forum reviews I pulled the trigger based on a few things. First and foremost, reviews have been overwhelmingly positive. To be honest the only negatives were because the headstock wasnt a tele or there isnt a case. I have a Fender Jim Root Tele that is bad ass and also made in Mexico. So I kind of figured the build quality was going to be on point and it was.                   
I'm blown away. The quality, looks, and playability are simply the best. The pickups are powerful and the coil tapping gives it complete versatility.Not much I own or have owned even compare. This axx is in a class by itself. Charvel has always made an excellent guitar, but this new Pro Mod......well thy have outdone themselves!!                
I’ve played guitar for 22 years. Owned everything from a Les Paul, strat, Tele, superstrat, sg all the way to flying v’s and stupid BC Rich guitar. Always stick with heavier music. While this guitar doesn’t leave the best access to the highest frets, everything else about it is a perfect mix of smooth tone, sustain and a fast neck. Pickups sound awesome through an array of different amps, playing clean and heavy. Do yourself a favor and buy this guitar.                
First off I chose the Black one with the trans top, It looks great. I was excited and nervous at the same time. I have a lot of Fender Strats, and wanted something, hotter and definitely built to shred. This guitar does not disappoint. Out of the box it was pretty much in tune. The setup was first rate, low action, no buzz and the Floyd was Level with the body. I played the guitar for about 45 minutes unplugged to hear and feel its resonance. I liked what I was hearing and feeling. The guitar is gorgeous and the neck is really the star of the show. Not too thin and very slick, it appears to have a minimal finish (satin maybe). It just feels right. The fit and finish on this guitar are amazing, I have many USA Guitars and this guitar is really on that level of craftsmanship. Now lets plug this thing in, I played the clean channel on my Hughes and Kettner Matrix, and it sounded very nice great body of tone with crisp highs and even low sounds. The pickups respond well to volume adjustment to lower the gain or even clean (usable) for you guys that just run wide open and used the volume to control your rig. I liked the coil tap, you can get stratty tones  that you get from a single coil. There are a lot of tonal variations to be had, if you have to chose only one guitar to get you through a gig, this guitar covers a lot of sonic territory. This guitar is not just for metal or hard rock. It is a serious, versatile instrument! I bought this one to see how Charvel was building super strats and I am already planning to buy another. I took advantage of the payment plan, you can too... get it today and play on. CJWII                
fit and finish is flawless, color choices are great (i got specific ocean which is like a metal flaked surf green), features are plenty (the floyd 1000 works perfectly and the tuners seem fine), play-ability is top notch (amazing smooth necks on these), sounds are incredible (the coil splits and 59/jb are a great combo on this guitar and i can't see upgrading them, and i typically run pearly gates and emg's in my guitars). can't go wrong with these guitars if you're in the market for a high end super strat. i'm not a shredder...i'm more blues rock and jam-oriented and this guitar suits me perfectly...ignore the stereotypes! on the quality-side, the fender ensenada factory build amazing instruments for the price tag and honestly this charvel puts my old fender classic series 72 thinline to shame (same factory and the 72 is built great, but charvel is in a different league). they should come with a case and the action was a touch high for me (not a fault of zZounds or charvel as i prefer very low action), but that's honestly the only downside. highly rec'd from a long-time player and actively gigging musician and gear nerd.                
best made in mexico super strat charvel sounds just as good as a jap or a usa great tone and tap coil, neck is raw and fast, maple sounds killer !! buy it                
I purchased the black burst sand dimas around 2 weeks ago, when the guitar got here the paint was cracked and checking. I asked zZounds to exchange it for another one and when the replacement guitar got here, the same issue was present. 2 charvel have had the same exact poor QC. That is not quality and certainly is not worth $900. I would stay away from Charvel guitars until they fix this issue. I wont be purchasing anymore charvel instruments.                
Very good fit and finish. Could'nt find a blemish anywhere. My only regret is not getting the seafoam green                
I could not be happier with this guitar. The action was nice rite out of the box. The tone is perfect. It is nice and light, sometimes I play for like 4 hours at a time and hardly feel it on. I like to think of this guitar as my Steve Via signature without the monkey grip and $2000 cheap with same quality. I Am in love with zZounds. I donated my guitar due to not enough hands to carry stuff. Was going nuts without it!!!! I went from zero to three guitars in 4 months thanks to the payment option... my first two guitars came the next day!!! I just wish that some of the guitar company’s would at least through in a gig bag.......                
I have 4000 dollar guitars that do not sound nor play as good as this Charvel does. I would recommend this to anyone wanting a strat body , with the sound and feel of a Charvel . Best guitar I own by far.                
I had a JP16 but I got rid of it because I was not a fan of the pickups and overall tone of the guitar. For it's price point I did not feel it was worth it to spend money on swapping pickups. I did miss how incredibly comfortable the guitar was, especially the neck. That is where this Charvel comes in. They had one at my local store and grabbed it on a whim. Wow, the neck felt fantastic and even though my guitars are usually black I found the satin orange very appealing. I ordered mine from zZounds and have had it a few days and I have no regrets. The guitar was reasonably set up and looked perfect. Some new strings, some stretching and into my Helix and 2x12 Randall with EVM 12L Black Labels. I was very impressed with the sound from the SD Full Shred and Alnico II pickups. The guitar offers a nice variety of tones with the 5 way selector and the volume pot is very smooth with almost too little drag. The neck joint/heel are very comfortable and the tremolo works well with the locking tuners. The neck is slim and actually has a hint of maple scent to it. I mentioned the JP16 earlier because after owning it and now this DK-24 I feel this is a very similar guitar for about $1500 less.Only a few differences: Electronics/pups, SS frets, USAmodel) Neck profile, feel, comfort, playabilty are almost identical. Both are great guitars and if you do not have budget limitations by all means get the JP16, get both lol. All joking aside though this DK-24 is a serious guitar and a great value at this price point.                
I love this guitar, have no complaints at all. It stays in tune perfectly and the neck feels amazing. For some Duncan Design pickups they sound really good I wouldn't even consider switching them out. Everything feels solid on this guitar. I love this guitar so much couldn't be happier with this purchase.                
The microphone is very sensitive. You can talk and it responds.                 
The gig bag is a nice addition. Its always nice to have storage for your gear. Especially this awesome fixture.                
Just plug it in and watch the magic. Everything comes ready to go. Not much to do unless u plan to put a dmx controller on it.                 
I have other chauvet products so I knew the quality would be great. Can never go wrong with chauvet.                
This light is worth every penny.                 
When u see it you go ok is that it. Then u turn it on and you go this is the most awesome thing I've seen since transformers.                 
Overall this thing rocks. The 4 seemingly liittle lights make it seem like u have an entire light show. it covers a HUGE area and the leds r super bright. U will not regret gettin this as an addition or centerpiece or just using it by itself.                 
No sound w/ this product.  n/A                
Come with a carrying bag.  I added O clamps to the bar, and the bag isn't big enough for them.                
Plug and play... I don't have a dmx controller yet, however the sensitivity control and programming was super easy to figure out.                
Looks solid, lights are bright and people enjoyed the show.                
4 lights in one bar basically... can't go wrong.                
N/A, haven't needed any support                
I like being able to point the cans where i want and fillin the dance floor.  I got 2 for each side of my stand.                
I have a karaoke/Dj business & these lights work GREAT for this!!! I have had one for almost a year & have yet to replace a light. Just bought a second one for my other system. I would recommend these lights to everyone!!!                
No Sound.  It lighting effects                
Love the gear bag included.                
Mount it on your speaker pole, or light stand.  Simple.  Then adjust the lights to cover what-ever area you need lit up.                
No problems yet.  Hassle free.  Love the extra power outlet so I can run my lasers off of it as well.                
No complaints about the value.  It adds so much to my show...  Priceless.                
Haven't had to call for support.                
Exceptional addition to my light show.                 
Love'em.  Recommended to anyone who needs some flash in your show without using gobs of amperage or adding gobs heat to the stage area.                
No sound                
Very simple, plug and play, linked two together,awesome light show !                
Set up is quick,easy to understand readout.                
So far, so good. Time will tell when I get some hours on these lights.                
Well worth the money, these lights compliment any laser.                
none needed yet.                
Every mobile DJ should have at least one.                
I'll use these untill they crap out, then buy more.                
Got my new Chauvet 4PLAY Moonflower Light Bar, and I could not be more thrilled with it. Can't wait to hit my next gig                
The 4play is everything that was advertised. It is a great compliment to the 4bar. I wish it could be controlled by the 4bar foot switch.                
I don't use the DMX controller, yet. I was surprised that the programming is limited and different from the 4bar. I wish there were some tips/hints as to the proper setup and directing of the lights in a live band situation/gig.                
Seems to be very durable                
I would recomend this product to others                
I have not dealt with the company. But am confident there woudld be no problems given the quality of the product.                
Very simple effect lighting, covers a huge area and is very affordable!                
Purchased to use with the 4Bar.  Works excellent together.  A must for the on-the-go DJ.                
the 4 play moon light is great except when i got it one of the light brackets were bent except for that it works great this summer i am going to use it for a gig and all the other things i bought here work great                
it has all the features that i expected for what i bought cant think of any more for this product i bought it open box but it works like the new thing                
its very easy to learn how to use this product easy to set up the manual is easy to read it has a few things that iam learning about it but this summer it will get the real test when i start gigging and it is expandable master to several slaves that i will be purchasing over time                 
yes the 4 play is made of steel and powder coated mine is in great condition except for a light bracket when i recieved it in the mail the bracket was bent except for that dependability i think it will last a long time as long as it is taken care of this is the only one i have at the moment but will get more later and as use on the road i say it is very road wervy  i cant find anything wrong with it and as for as long as it will last that goes how someone takes care of it if taken care could last for a long time                
i think the price could be alot lower cause the product is what i think should only cost 99 dollars the price is a little steap for the quality                
the service was great  and arrived on time with no exceptions iam a new customer only had it a few weeks so havent had to use any of the services yet                
it looks like what it is supposed to look like it is black in color                
i am satisfied with it and i plan to buy at least 3 more                
I did not research this product to well before i purchased it! even though it has a cool light effect,i did not know i could not use the lights individually,even i manage it and made them work,research your product before buying!be cause i did not know the dimension of the lights were so small,but they cast a big broad light spectrum for their size.I am talking about looks wise over all                
I received my 4 play from zzounds 4 days ago. Out of the box one of the pods didn't work. Called zz and asked to send me one for replace. Want credit card to hold the price until they get the old one back. Basically tying up 440.00 or my dollars to fix a problem I didn't cause. Chauvet was no help either. They didn't have the pod in stock and wouldn't send it anyway. Stuffs great when it works but don't expect service after the sale.                
Don't produce sound                
It is great tha this lights come with its own carring case.I use it on sound mode when i dj this light is always a winner.                
Simple and easy to set up.                
Looks like is well build.                
Great product for the price                
have not use the support yet                
The 4play looks very profesional and when you see them on they look awesome.                
have no intention on ever getting rid of them.Like them very much.                
Does Not Produce Sound                
Plug and play can be set and forgot if needed                
Very easy to use                
Looks to be made solid but the quality control is lacking, the unit I received had a ridge where the mount was welded that scratched my light stand, The case was not lined up so I had trouble sliding it over my light pole. The addresse were not set on the lights even though manuel said they would be.                
I would say it's worth the price.                
Have not contacted                
This thing throws alot of light but you really need 2 for anything over a small dance floor. There is a ridge in the mount that will scratch up your light stand (at least on the one I received) The light addresses were not set when I recived and the case was not lined up so it would not slide over my light stand. The case that comes with offers very little protection.That's the bad now the good the built in programs are great plus you can recall them via DMX it uses almost no power so it's great in some of those poorly wired halls we are always playing. It is very reponsive when use in audio mode. I will buy more of these                
These were the first lights I bought and i've got to say they are outstanding. Sound active mode with some fog really makes a nice light show. I normally used them on a speaker stand, but have recently started setting them in front of my facade and using them as up-lighting for my DJ setup. The payment plan for this is icing on the cake!                
What can I say. Everything I buy here is awesome. Bought it Sunday, had it Tuesday. Makes it easy for a local musician to have what they need for those under paid gigs. Thanks zzounds!                
Works well with the Chauvet 4Bar. A must for the on-the-go dj.                
I initially bought this to find out that this wasn't what I wanted but I have used it a few times for my Band rather than with my DJ rig & it has worked out very well.Not extremely bright but it is more than enough to light up the 3 man band I have.Pro:Kind of rugged & built very decently.LightweightVery quick set upCons:Not very bright.No static color displayPlastic spots could be better                
It's just a good basic light.move spots anywhere you like. Easy to use.                 
It's just a good basic light.move spots anywhere you like. Easy to use.                 
This is NOT a DMX bubble machine. There is no external interface. Just on and off. Nice unit if you don't need to control it. Otherwise, forget it.                
Not enough padding to protect lights unless you keep them in the box and throw them in here for carrying. I'll have to find something to wrap my USB Zoom in since I threw the box away.                
Chauvet makaes great lights, but this bag is total junk. The legs would not stay in place from the moment I opened the box! I had to put some set-screws into them to get them to stay. First night we used it on a gig the handle broke. Next night the zipper broke. There is no way to fix the zipper. It is now totally useless and I can't return it because I installed the screws. This bag is total junk. (But I love the Chauvet lights!)                
I like this bag a lot its well padded the material is a little stronger than the Arriba,( I own 2 of  Arriba AC-210 Bags) I purchased it to hold 2 ADJ ECO UV PLUS BARS and got more than I bargained for. It also comes with a shoulder strap that's comes in handy when carrying more than 2 bags, you just toss this one over your shoulder and keep it moving.                 
great product small size excellent features
The bag came straight out of the box with a broken zipper puller. Being that is usually the first to go and the hassle of getting it replaced. I decided to use it. In one week the other zipper puller broke and the zipper ceased to work. I was very disappointed that quality control sent a damaged product out to me to begin with. I have many Chauvet products. My 4 play stopped working last month. Starting to change my mind on Chauvet.                
No sound output, but the sound activation works well.                 
Its a light. Very bright, and looks way cool.                 
You will have to read the manual for DMX mode. If your a DJ plug it in, adjust the sound sensitivity and go. If you dont want to mess with DMX, I suggest buying the optional foot controller. Im going to for smaller gigs.                 
Well made, professional look and feel. Not cheesy in any way. Should last a while.                 
If you've been thinking of jumping into LED lighting, this is where to start. Great price to performance value.                  
I gave this a nine because I havent needed it yet, and I hope I dont.                 
I will buy more of these and the smaller "mini" version too                
I would buy again as Ive said, these fit right into my DMX setup perfectly.                 
Well, 1st off there's always something good to say about Chauvet but this time, I believe they outdid themselves with this product of the Mini LED Wash. I bought 4 of these right off the bat and they are amazing. So easy to daisy chain them electrically AND electronically! They're bright as all get out and do the job VERY nicely from a club to a wall accent, these babies will perform! Thanks Chauvet!                
These lights are a great addition to my stage set-up. They can be configured to highlight the dance floor, walls and ceilings. The many scene settings that are built into these lights, allow me to configure and daisy chain them without an external controller. All brackets needed for for truss or wall mounting are included. The solid construction, optional DMX controller ports, and complete instruction manual, makes these lights a perfect choice for any venue!!!                
I recently bought this to add to a dj setup....this light is very nice and has several different mounting options included with it......first used it at a last minute outside party that we had no time for big lighting...so i simply put this on the floor in front of the dj and it actually was all we needed!....I am going to add another.  On a side note...i haven't always been pleased with the quality of Chauvet lighting but this one is very well made....I'm now more open to buying other Chauvet lights.                
Affordable, yet reliable! Works great with DMX, and with sound activation. I've been using it as front lighting with my one man band show. plus on my rear truss when I DJ. Very easy to use and program!! I'm getting two more!!                
great product at a great price                
Seeing lights don't make sounds.  This product works off PA sound very well.                  
easily programable.  very versital.                
very good.                
Its a very good light, but it's just a light.                
haven't used it yet                
works great on my stage show.  Needs fog.                
This is a keeper.  I use it to make fan beams in the front of stage. There are other lights that could do the same. But at much higher cost.  I'm happy
                
Use it with the 4 Bar Wash System. Love it!                
This was my first light I bought to start djing and I don't regret buying at all very awesome light good for small to medium venues leds make it very bright many patterns. I liked it so much I bought another.                 
the on board fog button.                
the manual dose not explain how to store the fog machine.                
i think the fog machines are great and made well.                
okay.                
the set up is great.                
until it stops running.                
I have purchased 5 of these packs and a few from zZounds.com. I have had problems with random fixtures going bad. The main boards have been going bad after a few months of having them. I have returned now my 3rd unit to zZounds.com and BIG THANK you to them for understanding Chauvet has a problem with these and taking them back. I use these maybe 3 times a month and the idea/fixture is perfect for my use but doesnt stand up well. I see having problems with these that will not go away base on the flaws built in. Hopefully Chauvet comes up with a better mother board/computer on these and replacing them in the future.                
Give the wow factor to your new light setup. easy wireless set-up.                
Love the flexibility you get with these stand alone lights!                
Love these stand alone additions to my show!                
I honestly thought the fogger was a decent buy.  With the premium juice the air stayed pretty fogged for a while.  I didn't have to run it constantly. When I did use it, it was fairly quick to fill the area. I actually had a lot of juice left over after the 5 hour event. It was a tad loud over the speakers.  Overall good buy.                 
Disappointed with the quantity of fog produced.  Even with an 11 amp heater it couldn't produce fog continuously.  At a low production setting, it would think it was out of fluid after a few seconds and lock out.  Had to be more than 25%.  I did like the ability to vary the rate and the adjustable nozzle was great for mounting it on a light bar.  All foggers seem to be noisy.  ZZounds is great.  I've ordered a number of items from them and have been very satisfied with their service.                
boughtt this to fill our shed with fog to make it super spooky for a halloween party. it worked awesomely. kept it goin all night for the dance party too. it worked flawlessly.                
has a pleasing, quiet whooooshing noise in use                
simple and practical                
tons of fog and the Chauvet fog juice is the best, hangs for hours and reduces to an excellent haze. minimal rainout                
havent had to use                
This fog machine is a nice addition.  convenient wired remote with about a 8 -10 foot cord for convenience.  I've used this for inside and outside shows, but its better for indoor use, not so much for outside, but what fog machine is.  This is definately worth the small price.                
I wanted to spice up my light shows for my mobile DJing so I decided to start out with the cheapest fog machine I could find. I was super impressed with the amount of fog this little guy puts out so I immediately bought a second one. Two of them will easily fill a smaller venue. Well worth it!                
I purchased two of these not being sure of the output.  I believe one will do well in most circumstances.  I mostly use it in small to large clubs.  The stages up to 24' x 16' (W x D) and these do well.  For the money, its a no brainer.  Yes there are good Hazers out there in the above $1000 range, but this does exactly what I was looking for at a fraction of the cost.  There is no overwhelming smoke, and lights beam well, even when you don't notice any haze in the room.  Its lightweight and easy to use.  The DMX function is great too.  I quickly set it up with my lighting software as it took me every bit of 5 minutes to get it up and running via DMX.  I like the fact I don't have to use "dip switches" to assign the DMX address.  Using it in stand alone mode gives good options too.  I am very happy with this purchase.  Very simple to use.                
These lights are amazingly bright and project an extremely crisp image with deeply saturated color! They are perfect if you need dynamite in a small package. We use these along with haze and a few LED pars and LED wash fixtures and they have no problem punching beautiful beams of light through our stage wash. They are also very easily and quickly able to be set to the correct DMX channel                
I use two sets of these with two GigBar 2 sets, and everything looks and works great! I use the DMX control function which works flawlessly.
Wish they came with a case!                
Got this light for small venues, it does the job very nicely, we are satisfied with its performance, the stobes are not  too bright and that's alright, we don't like a lot of flashing going on. the derby has a nice coverage area. you wont be disappointed if you decide to purchase this light.                
easy to operate great effect                
easy to use small package with great features                
Just got 6 of these. Way brighter than I expected. Tons of features. With a little patience you can do AMAZING things with these lights. I use them as two towers. Three lights high. They are great as crowd blinders, and def add a lot to my bands live shows!                
Excellent piece of equipment. Because of the tight, narrow beam we were able to use it in a church where (because of the architecture) a long throw was necessary to hit a relatively small target. It worked.                
This is a very cool item, creates a very nice effect for DJ's.  The quality is good. The documents/user guide is not very good, extremely vague on setting up features.  Comes in a nice carry bag.  Also comes with a few extra boards for the lights if something doesn't work but no info as to how to install it, you're pretty much on your own.  I have only used mine a few times in the sound activation mode and it's very cool.  If you are a solo or duo act, the constant changing can be distracting but a single color is very nice.  All in all, well worth the money.  The wire ties that come with it are not easy to work with.  They hold up the drape nicely on a 10 foot truss but they are "removeable, re-useable" and they don't come off very easily.  I suggest just using the regular ones and snipping them at gig's end.  Drape folds up and fits nicely in the bag.                  
Very satisfied with the product and the fast shipping
It added more of a show to my Dj gigs that I use it for and provides a great background for me.                
Great looking facade and drape combo that gives your show that extra WOW factor. However this is not for the mobile DJ at all. This unit is very fragile and you take the risk of damaging the lights each time you pack it up and move it. I've spent more time repairing lights that worked before I took it down to move to a venue, set it up to find out it's not working properly because of a damaged circuit board. I've even been extra careful in the moving/transport. To have this unit in a permanent location is ideal, not for mobile dj. Other than that, I love the product, very cool.                
n/a                
basic features that get the job done.                
pretty straight forward, even for those new to DMX.                
its plastic, but the buttons/faders seem fine.                
can't beat a DMX controller for around $50                
no problems                 
there are 2 versions, the regular one and the clear one. the clear one is pretty cool, cuz depending on what color you are set on, the actual controller itself will glow the same color. neat feature.                
i needed a simple, easy to use, basic dmx controller to control uplighting (such as the slimpar 56). works perfect.                
Solid construction.   Easy to use.  Inexpensive.   Does what it is supposed to do.                
This is a wonderful controller for a beginner, very simple. the thing to be weary of is the fact that it only has three channels. three channels are great for most slim pars and lighting strips, as long as they are only RGB. If you have a light such as the American DJ Mega Bar RGBA you will notice it wont work due to there being 4 channels. Other than that it is an amazing little controller.                
With only 3 channels, this unit is really not worth the money. Yes you can set multiple colors and such but if your looking for something that can utilize the effects of even the most simple of lighting its not worth the money. I bought it to use with the ADJ tribar spot setup and honestly, the little $19.00 remote has more functions in than this does.                
not bad if you use color washing lights only i have 2 fallout rbg lights and it dose not work well with them put a par can ya it works fine                
Sounds great for a light controller!  - Works pretty good too.                
I am still learning DMX and the Obey, seems to do everything I want it to do!                
I have needed some help, there really is no directions for DMX - I am stumbling through it - but with help have several programs that make it real easy to use                 
Appears pretty solid                
I think the cost / benefit ratio was very goode                 
I have had to call and email,  email takes a little bit for a reply, but the replies are very thorough.  I called also and the phone help was great -very patient with this novice, I was very impressed                 
It is a very nice board                 
THis looks like it will suit my needs for quite some time                 
After owning the obey 10, this was a breeze to setup.                
A bit of a learning curve but, once you get it its great! Only thing I miss is the option to Dim lights on the fly in scenes!                 
Overall Good product I use it to run two 4-Bars and the 6 Spot by Chauvet. I like the unit it does lack the ability to be able to fade a scene manually which is something that I would like it to have. Sometimes I don't want to use the chase to fade through my scenes. But overall a good product                
Very easy to use and set up. Awesome control.                
Has pedal board you have to cycle through for lighting effects so I bought a controller for more flexibility. Has very nice molded carrying case and a strudy speaker type stand with a carrying case. One unit will light a small stage with no problem and the LEDs are brighter than you might think. Overall this is a VERY handy lighting unit to own.                
You can't ask for any thing easier to use and set up. The only thing is don't try and get any help from Chauvet there support if you call it that is not at all won't call you back or answer your emails. If you do get to talk to some one they are don't know and will have to get back to you good luck with that.                 
This is my first DMX controller. I sat down with the manual for about an hour
And had all 12 lights on. My first show was amazing!! I received more compliments 
Then ever before. If you use smart lights you need this.                
The fixtures built in preset colors,custom static color mixing , digital control panel,low profile design with double yoke, and the power linking features.                
This fixture is very easy to program in standalone or with a DMX controller. Manual is is very user friendly.                 
This is a solid built feature the LED's are not exposed the plastic case that the feature is housed in is actually very durable.                
Well worth the price you pay for it.                
I have quiet a few Chauvet products just recently I needed and antenna for one of my wireless receivers gave them a call , Placed the order with them had the part in less than 5 days. They are a real light company located in the US (5200 NW 108th Ave. Sunrise, FL 33351) not some knock off company here today gone tomorrow.                
Light weight and very easy to use. More than capable of handling big events as well as small. Just a quick shout out to ZZounds, I went to them with a lower price from a competitor. Then not only matched it, they beat it! Great product, excellent service.                
I have purchased 12 of these par cans.  They are solid and great for up lighting.  I also use them to light my facade, as well as mount them on my speaker poles to flood the dance floor.  Easy to use and scroll thru the menu.  You can create or customize colors to your liking.  Small cons, not as bright as the ADJ Hex pars that I own as well.  Some or my slim pars don't do what the function says it should do.  I use them often for my mobile gigs such as weddings, quinceneras, etc.                
I'm new to lighting, but I have been running sound for over 30 years. I'm the stage manager in a coffee shop in Fresno CA with a small theater in the back. I needed something to light up the stage and our piano that sits off stage, the slimPAR 56 works perfectly. I have three on the stage and one on the piano. The washes are great and the effects are impressive. I am extremely satisfied with their performance.                
A second set of lights that I ordered, this lights are great and portable with the bag if you choose to purchase it. I use the lights for up-lighting primarily but they are great for wash lighting as well! Very Very Resourceful lights!!!                
I love these lights. They are a cost effective way to provide great up lighting. I recommend these.                
Easy to use, good casting for small to mid sized venues or as effect lighting for larger setups                
These lights are great! Light weight and portable. Gives the room a great affect. Love them.                
I bought 2 Chauvet SlimPar 56 Led, to use in a church as background wash. Just what I need. Great stuff.!                
Not a bad light for what would be considered the lowest powered for Chauvet in this category. Makes great up lighting for a party or event. Great light for the price, but if you want more lumens or color range move up to the slimpar64.                
Very bright.  Responds to the music well.                
Cerwin vega still rock!                
I did my research online of these lights before I bought them.  Once I bought them and connected them, that's all I needed.  Plug, set to Sound Mode, and you're done.  No more extra lights needed, No more time wasted connecting other lights.  I run these Master and Slave, and they are all I need for my Mobile DJ Gigs.  As for Weddings, not sure they're a good idea because of the laser lights messing up pictures as the laser beams appear on the faces.  But if you DMX these lights, you can control what lights you want on and off.  Adding a Hazer or Fog machine really enhance the visual effects.  I added one Swarm per speaker pole and both of these lights, light up the entire room with awesome effects.                
I've compared the SWARM 5 FX to the STINGER FX 2 and the STINGER out performed the SWARM 5 FX, now I gave compared the STINGER FX 2 to the SWARM WASH FX.This SWARM WASH FX is the new king in my book. Active, bright, built like a tank.Now I run this light with my 2 WASH FX lights and I can really get the Club hopping.The SWARM WASH FX is really the SWARM 6 FX.Great job from CHAUVET                
Love My Swarms Lights, Fills the Room, Easy to Mount. works great                
The Chauvet LED Shadow is an amazing product!! I spoke with a chauvet rep, and according to them each of the 192 LED's is only a 1/4 watt of power, so that's about 48Watts, the unit was able to be run off of a 90 Watt Inverter in my car off of the 12V Cigarette lighter adaptor. 

The dimming functions and the strobe rates are really clean and pack a hell of a punch. AMAZING JOB FROM CHAUVET!!
                
Extremely easy to use, the dip switch settings on the back of the unit allow for you to set the strobe rates varying to about 9 different settings, the 10th setting allows for sound activated mode and has a few pre programed LED chase sequences. THe draw back to the chase sequences, it's only in the pre program, you cannot set it to automatically do the LED chases even in DMX mode. ( If there is, it's not listed in the manual and I haven't found it yet.                 
The plastic cover is alittle thin, and I also have witnessed where some of the LED's in the panel lose "blocks" but a slight tap on the fixture fixes that. Could just be a ground or something. 

For the price and functions, Chauvet Delivered using the TFXUVLED fixture! Where else can you find a UV LED strobe ?                 
Chauvets support is pretty good, but I sometimes feel I'm not getting the correct information. I've sent countless emails to see if I'd get the same info over the phone as I would over the internet with no response.                 
I liked the first one so much, I scouted 5 different locations and plenty of phone calls until I found one!                 
Hopefully a year or two at LEAST! I need about 2-4 more fixtures to really have some fun with them! 
                
I was pinched for time, had a Blacklight Sweet 16 Party in 3 days, The guys at ZZZounds really helped out with pricing and shipping. Product is lightweight and 6 panels can light just about any large dancefloor or room, DMX effects look great too.                
The first unit that came had 3 of the LED's out, called customer service and it was replaced with no questions asked. The replacement is flawless and has a large beam. Very impressed with the blacklight wash that is cast from this light.                
It has several features. Ex. auto run, sync to music, and dmx controlled.                
Easy, I just pulled it out the box and pluged it up. I fixed the lights control on the fixture to run to my needs. Took 5 minutes                
Great quality! Hard metal shell. As long as you take care of it, it should last a long time.                
This is a great product. I would recommend to anyone i know to buy this product if they need it.                
I called to ask one question when i was trying to register the products i bought but they didnt understand my question and transferred me to an answering machine.                
These lights just look sexy when they hang.                
Lights up huge area and for the price its well worth it!                
I have used many products for DMX software from Free to paid, and this product is by far the best one I have used. I am sure there is something out there that I have not used and that is probably because it costs twice as much as this product and with the features Showxpress have I cannot justify having to pay those prices. zZounds was a champ matching the price i provided them and then went on top and beat it. If you buy this product you will not be disappointed.                 
Like the title says - after realizing that most lower-priced hardware DMX controllers simply weren't up to the lighting I had in my mind, I began looking at software solutions. After some test runs with various software, I settled on Chauvets ShowXpress software. The software is free... the compatible DMX box is decidedly NOT free. Pricey little bugger for the minimal amount of stuff inside it - but it's results that matter.
Absolutely trouble free install - ShowXpress saw it immediately with no bother. Laptop - USB - Xpress512 - DMX out to the bars, worked immediately and I was off and running. Nice thing with the software is it allows a 3D mockup of the stage layout and lighting - once I had defined the various lights in the "universe" I was able to pack away the 512 and lights and do my programming strictly on the lappy without the hardware attached.
I'm actually happier with this box than the scores might indicate - haven't needed manufacturer support, it makes no sound, and what kind of "wow" do you want from a little silver box?
Oh - currently running 2 Chauvet 4-Bars in the rear and 2 ADJ Tpars in front (go with the Tpars - way more bang for the buck) using around 70 or so DMX channels for full RGB control. This box will handle up to 512 channels, so tons of room for future expansion (looking at some moving heads currently).So - pricey considering what's inside, but no hassle operation out of the box. Does what it says on the tin with no mucking about - and that's good enough for me. If the ShowXpress software meets your needs - buy this interface.                
This is an upgrade for us from the ADJ MYDMX 1.0.  We loved the ease of setting up new scenes and easily controlled our 6 DMX lights.  Solid and great free software.                
Nice pick, does not glide off the strings fast. Instead these picks kinda grabs and sticks a little to the strings. Also there is no bevel like the red Jazz III's. But I still use them for the solid notes they make.                
I placed a large order and had tossed in a 3pk of picks, i opened the package up and 1 was broken. I went to grab another one and it broke in my hand, without even using it on the guitar. i reached for the final new one, on first strum, the pick broken in pieces. I threw all of them away and decided to take the loss. its not worth asking for a replacement based on the price, but i wouldnt recommend these.                
the sound produced by these picks are warm and solid.they have less mettallic tone,and a more woody tone.great for leads and single string  picking.good for jazz.                
indentation on one side for your thumb,grips well.                
kind of a thick pick,which i love.will not bend at all.                
the tip wears out kind of fast but still useable.                
worth the price for something different,they are hand made.                
n/a                
very warm tone                
good picks,i got the blonde wood picks so i could try something different.                
Fantastic pics love them you're wonderful pics they are very good in your head and the feet constantly music and songs very clear on the streams thank you S pics they are very good in your head and the feet constantly music and songs very clear on the streams thank you zZounds The wonderful pics                
these picks are great,i give them to other guitarists that i jam with as a sign of friendship.                
Very beautiful rich mid-rangey tone. A real pleasure on my dreadnought .                
I gave these a try to see if they really sound like fingers on a bass guitar. To me they sound pretty much like other picks, though they have their own sort of tone. I like the tone, they just don't sound like fingers to me, except when I let my fingernails grow a bit. My fingers then sound like picks. Don't get me wrong, these are nice picks, they're really stiff, good for bass guitar. The only bad thing is they smell terrible. Hopefully the smell will fade. If you keep them away from your nose, I guess they're all right. Then again, they're not THAT type of pick :-) 
I tried these with round wound strings, I'll soon try them with a bass with flats, they might be even better, flats always sound good with picks to me. I think they're worth a try.
The CL-1 took my existing pre-amps, added the levels I needed, and improved the sound. I'd say the price is worth that sort of performance!. Dynamics like an SM57 and SM7 are brought to life. Not to mention any passive ribbon mic! Do yourself a favor and grab one.                
I initially received a faulty unit. It was quicker to contact the manufacturer, so I emailed them. They called back fairly quickly and knew exactly the problem just from my description (a buzz in the signal). They sent me a new unit before I even sent back the old one (which they post-paid).The box does just what it says - adds clean gain for up to two channels. I've used on ribbon mics to get a nice boost on vocals and acoustic instruments. Also have used on dynamic mics to get a bit of headroom on the board. It is also very comforting to have your ribbons plugged in through the couldlifter and not have to worry about phantom power.Solid construction with no problems since the replacement.                
While there's not much to "review" about the Clouslifter CL-2, it works as expected, delivering clear gain and phantom power protection.  I purchased at "used" product and it looked like new...saved some bucks!                
I use this on my quite singers, and I love the boost that it gave them. I did not measure to see if it was 25 db of gain, but as I can tell it worked as promised. It was a nice clean boost in gain on my quite singers.                
I've had a lot of fun using this thing with all my dynamic and ribbon mice. You're rewarded with a wide variety of new sounds when the Z is introduced in to the recording chain. Boring SM57? Match this with it, adjust the impedance, and welcome to a brand new microphone. The hi-pass filter and clean boost are also extremely useful.                
It works for me . I read where someone said the seat does not rotate. Mine does. Not much padding, but I'm a light wait, 165 pounds. If your a big drummer this throne won't be comfortable. But overall I'm happy.                
N/A                
It is a cheap drum throne.  You adjust the stem for height, period.  The seat does not rotate, which I wish I had thought to check before I bought it. The seat itself is pretty small, I'd appreciate about 2 more inches in radius.                
Easy to set up and it works.                
So far so good.  No creaks or groaning under my weight (220 lbs). Double braced legs seem well built.                
It is a decent throne, but I wish I had spent a little extra money on one that has a better seat.                
N/A                
This is not the flashiest of thrones and looks as cheap as it costs.                
I am contemplating a return before my the return period runs out.  It is quite uncomfortable after an hour or so.                
I am not actually a drummer, I purchased the alesis dm6 usb electronic drums so that i could play my own drum parts without having to use vsts or drum machines. Quite naturally a good seat would be required, I am pleased with my choice...the cannon percussion up197 drum throne. It is a solid seat, the cushion is firm yet comfortable..I highly recommend this drum throne.                
The up197 drum throne is very sturdy and works like a more exspencive throne                 
The screws in the bottom of the seat became loose, and the plate underneath the cushion is cracked in several places. I weigh about 175 pounds, so this is not a matter of my dietary habits.                
This is still a pretty good buy. It lasted me a year. It's obnoxious to have to get another throne now, but I would consider getting another one of these.                
I picked this up about a year ago to go with my first drum kit. It seemed reasonably comfortable for the duration of its life. I would say I used it for an average of 5 hours a week, and it died in its 15th month yesterday.                
Hey thanks for the help in the purchase I recently made.  The drum throne and other accessories are perfect for my setup.  Thanks again                
Nice and sturdy.  Adjustable in 2 different ways.  But height adjustment involves removing and reattaching a bolt.  Granted, it is a wing nut so no tools are needed but what a pain if you share a throne with one of your kids like I do.  I will be buying a different throne soon to address that.                
It came fast and packed really well from ZZ, this is agreat throne for the money - bummer its not a swivel but after three hours it gets alittle loose -yet it doesnt break loose. about two hours on the throne your ready for a stretch.Hardware is durable and has a nice finish - If you know of a lightweight drummer who likes to work hard here ya go- and height is just right.                
Great product. Sturdy and reliable!                
very comfortable,sturdy,and just plain sweet for the price                
After just under one month of use, (an estimated 2-3 hours a day, give or take) this throne has rendered itself stuck. The bolt that holds it in place in terms of height has warped the metal through which it rests, thus negating any ability for height adjustment that this throne is intended to have. The cushion itself (which shows no signs of wear) is relatively comfortable for up to and slightly beyond two hours of use, but for a 6'5" 185lb musician just finding his way into the world of percussion, this is incredibly disappointing. You get what you pay for. No effort has been made to reach out to the manufacturer given that this is obviously not a defect, simply the quality of materials.                
Two hours max on this seat. Spend the money and get a more comfortable seat. It is sturdy and i'm sure it will last a long time, but so would a rock.                
Delivery was cheap and fast ... mainly because I live in the same state as the warehouse.   I researched and decided I wanted the Pearl Traveler's Drum Kit because it was complete with excellent hardware ... I totally agree.  I changed the high hat cymbals for better tone and put a pillow in the kick drum.  I think the head with the kit are just fine.  It went together fine.  Sounds great ... I don't want to work, I just want to bang on the drums all day!                
I purchased 2 of them, as I wanted to create an easy, set up for me, and my husband to nestle in together to play together, they are great, quality hardwear, easy fold down, set up, and light enough, and compact enough to carry on the beach. The seats, are a little cheap feealing, like the fabric isn't gonna last long, but the hardware quality is so good that, it will be easy, and maybe fun to recover when they wear. Definitely would buy or recommended again. Thanks ZZ                
This is a truly unique guitar. From the beautiful Solid Indian Rosewood top, the warm colorful tone, and the Fusion style neck and radiused fingerboard. I have the 12 fret model with a cutaway. it’s a breeze to play. The Rose sounds like no other guitar I own. In a good way though. It resonates and sustains to the horizon. Wow! The Fishman electronics work as they should. The internal microphone is a nice addition. I am very happy with this buy.  Cant comment on manufacturer support.                
This is a really nice guitar.  I like it better than my Taylor.  I play for the church and it has a very rich beautiful tone.  It is easy to play chords and sounds beautiful fingerpicking.  Not to mention the color and size is really nice too  My favorite of all.  I get lot's of compliments on this guitar                
Overall it's a decent ukulele for the price you pay. The sound is rich and loud. Each detail and feature is aesthetically made.                  
I wanted to buy my son and entry level UKE for Christmas but instead I bought a really nice one in this instrument.  I am sure by price tags their must be better on the market but as far as I am concerned for $99 I am not sure why you would want one.  After a year I actually think I ended up buying me a UKE since I play it daily.                
You really can’t go wrong with this beautiful instrument. It looks great, and the sound is bright with incredibly warm undertones. If you are looking for a ukulele that is well built, with a tender yet voluminous sound you will find it here. This is a ukulele you won’t be able to put down - you will want to cradle it in your arms daily, almost hourly. This is my second (I gave one away to a little girl I taught how to play) , but I couldn’t stand to be without it, so I bought another one which I will never depart with. This is a uke for artists and lovers. I can’t recommend it enough.                
after hitting lot with a couple of bad GK Studios late last year,  which both zZounds and Cordoba bent over backwards to correct, when i finally got my hands on the guitar i remember thinking, "man i wonder what this would sound like in solid wood?"  well, the GK Studio has been amazing.  it has opened up so much over just the past 8 months and i finally nailed the sound i wanted when i tried the Cordoba high tension strings.  i am completely satisfied with its sound and action.  with the new polyfoam case that came with my c10 i feel like i have my "electric" guitar nailed.  however, i never got to scratch that "solid wood" itch, until now...
so to reward myself on the occasion of my 58th birthday i crossed my fingers, threw some salt over my shoulder and ordered my "dream guitar" site unseen again, your requisite cedar topped, rosewood back and side, ebony fingerboard, mahogany neck, bone nut and saddle, gold hardware classical guitar and hoped for the best.  and boy i wasn't disappointed!
the Cordoba C10 is incredible, beyond even my strict expectations.  the craftsmanship is impeccable.  i honestly can't find a single flaw in the entire instrument.  the wood on the soundboard is tightly grained and even.  the finish is applied evenly throughout.  the mahogany in the neck seems to be a higher grade than in my GK Studio.  the ebony fingerboard is beautifully dark and straight.  the gold hardware is smooth and accurate.  granted the guitar is simply stated, but elegant as is the mother of pearl rosette.  
amazingly enough, the action is almost there for me, right out of the box.  i will invest in a professional setup just to extract all the tone and action that i can from this beauty. 
the guitar sounds incredible!  the estudios i practice everyday sounded like new pieces, every note clear and musical.  the intonation is right on, up and down the neck.  the bass and treble are wonderfully balanced and full.   even the volume projects surprisingly well.  and to top it off i got the "new" headstock design (or the old one, i don't know, but it's the one i really wanted).  i knew that i'd landed myself a winner!
i honestly couldn't put it down yesterday after it arrived and i really needed/wanted to get it into the Humicase and let it settle in to the summer climate here and humidify. 
the only thing i will change about the guitar is the strings.  i'm anxious to hear how it'll sound with the Cordoba high tensions.  
i'm not going to promise that anyone else will get as lucky as i got, but if i wanted a good classical i'd be eying that other Cordoba C10 and hope it's from the same lot.                  
Every fret had a sharp burr on both sides. Other than that the guitar is beautiful. Has a deep high gloss finish with a flat black fret board. Nice but unplayable out of the box.                
I have played guitar for 45 years. This is a very nice guitar. Note though that zZounds lists the nut width at 2" and is really 2.04 which for those of us with smaller hands is a big difference. They got the mm correct, but I am not so metric. The fit and finish on this guitar are first rate and it is as nice as some much more expensive guitars I have played. The tone on the cedar top is dark and quite Spanish sounding. Very nice for classical or Bossa playing. I suspect the sauce is brighter as it usually is but I haven't gotten to try one. I like it very much but the neck width may be a deal breaker for me. But I sure like the tone. I give the 1 star in manufacturer support as I wrote to them via the website and got no response.                 
I have played guitar for 45 years. This is a very nice guitar. Note though that zZounds lists the nut width at 2" and is really 2.04 which for those of us with smaller hands is a big difference. They got the mm correct, but I am not so metric. The fit and finish on this guitar are first rate and it is as nice as some much more expensive guitars I have played. The tone on the cedar top is dark and quite Spanish sounding. Very nice for classical or Bossa playing. I suspect the sauce is brighter as it usually is but I haven't gotten to try one. I like it very much but the neck width may be a deal breaker for me. But I sure like the tone. I give the 1 star in manufacturer support as I wrote to them via the website and got no response.                 
This is a great guitar for the money.  I have had the opportunity to play on some rather expensive custom luthier made guitars.  The guitar has a nice sound.  It has a brighter sound than a traditional cedar top guitar.  
I previously owned a Cordoba F7 and I loved it. For whatever reason, I decided to sell it and I regretted that decision ever since. I finally decided to get another classical guitar and tried several in the $2k range. By far, the C12 blew all of the others away. I have small hands and this guitar is incredibly easy to play compared to several other guitars I tried. It also sounds amazing -- the bass is excellent and the higher notes sound amazing, too.
While it's made in China, I'm also very impressed by the craftsmanship. It was setup perfectly out of the box and I can't find any issues with it at all. I'm definitely happy with my purchase!                
From the moment I opened pulled the case out of the box, I had goosebumps. I was currently playing a Cordoba C5 that I was in love with. It got me through many of my classes and concerts, but it was just time to upgrade. Upon opening the case and taking out this beautiful instrument, I had to simply stare at it for the first few minutes before even playing it. Once I sat down and strummed the first chord, I knew that I had a keeper. The warmth and overall tone was something that can only be experienced in person. I took a gamble not playing one before purchasing it, but I had read enough reviews to trust my gut and I have no regrets at all. I play a wide array of classical music and some modern pieces; across the board the C12 can do it all. If you're trying to get an amazing guitar and not go bankrupt, this is THE guitar you want. I don't see myself buying another one for many many MANY years to come.                 
Clarity, resonance, playability , I can"t put it down !  This is my dream guitar !  I took a chance on a blemished instrument, and I cannot find a flaw.                 
Noses up about Cordoba classical guitars being made in China. Well I guess you don't know your history. For centuries the Chinese wood carving artisans have been revered throughout the world for their intricate works of wooden art. It's no wonder that the very savvy CEO of Cordoba Guitars chose these devoted, knowledgeable artisans to produce such beautiful instruments to reach our hands and our musical hearts.                  
Very nice guitar for the price. The sound is warm and Kenny Hill knows what he is doing when it comes to setting up shop for a mid range concert instrument.                
Simply said; this magnificent guitar should be upgraded to Cordoba's master series. The C 12 sound has such a beautiful voice, not to mention it,s high "decibel" volume. Why try to explain it? You have to play this fine guitar to believe it. I've been playing classical guitar for close to twenty years, and with that said, I honestly feel that the Cordoba C 12 would easily be just as comfortable on the concert stage.                  
Recently purchased the Córdoba C12 SP from Zzounds. It arrived quickly as usual with the service at Zzounds. However the guitar guitar was far from new, it looked more like a battered demo than a new guitar. Scratches abounded on the back and there seemed to be someone's lunch remnants on the face. The strings were heavily played by the looks of rings around them. The guitar sounded very nice but comparing it to a C3M there seems to be a huge disparity in price versus what the tangible difference appears to be. Zzounds offered about $200 off to keep the guitar however I sent it back and they graciously received it. Buying online has its pros and cons but Zzounds helps buffer them out with their customer friendly policies.                
Around 10 years ago I bought a guitar-shaped object that was part of a package. It has never kept in tune for long  and my interest in playing it was low. Now with this beauty sitting beside me I am twitterpated and can't wait to finally learn to  play the guitar. 
zZounds.com was so easy to order from and the shipping was quick considering this is the Christmas season.                 
Great guitar, it has a rich sound and excellent tone. The quality of the craftsmanship is awesome. The looks reflects its traditional heritage. Once tuned to pitch, it stays that way very well .
Sturdy yet lightweight, fast and easy to play. Go for it!!!                
All solid wood no laminates.  You will be hard pressed to find a better sounding classical guitar in this price range and higher even.  The Cedar top makes for a warm deep sound.  Mine needed some fret dressing on the ends.  For the price no problem.  Bone nut and saddle.  The gig bag is excellent.  I have gone through countless guitars of all kinds.  This is one of the best buys out there.
To Note: Cedar will ding and scratch just looking at it.  Make your own pickguard out of some clear vinyl you can find at Wal Store in the material department.  Cheap.  It clings to the gloss finish.                  
Was really impressed by the online and phone service I received. I had ordered the C5 and a gator classical guitar case, separate, while inquiring about the discount price and how that would apply to both together, even though but both would be sent separate. "how nice it would be if both were sent together, I was told that probably was not going to happen, because both were not in the same proximity. I received the order in about 5 days, WY is a hard place to get an order of this size  in this amount of time. I received "one" package, the guitar was sent in the gator guitar case, which was excellent, goes to show my individual situation was taken into account. The guitar is of superior make, the C5, beautiful wood and sounds rich and vibrant, I do plan to buy the same again. I have always felt in order to get a good guitar you must be able to sample them, I have not been able to find a guitar in WY or surrounding states that are not a toy quality. I am not disappointed in following these online reviews, invaluable.                
The Cordoba C5 is a Great buy for a classical Guitar. A few years ago I tried a C5 , C7 and C9 and I thought the C7 and C9 were Fantastic and was not impressed with the C5. So I had the C7 on my radar but never got around to buying one (I mostly play acoustic and electric guitars), but recently I decided to take the plunge and finally get a Classical and went to test them out. I was very surprised when testing the C5 it had the C7,C9 feel and sound , huge improvement over my previous experience. I also tested others brands and none came close to the Cordoba's in the same price point. After doing more research, the main difference between the C5 and the C7 aside from some cosmetic upgrades is that the C5 has Mahogany Back & Sides and the C7 has Rosewood. This usually means that the C7 will have more Hi/Lo sounds accented and have a little more volume, the C5 will have more Mid's accented and have a warmer mellower sound, Honestly I can barely tell the difference and other than then that its virtually I identical to the C7. When I received the C5 it was in perfect condition and came in the Gator GLCLASSIC Lightweight Classical Guitar Case I had ordered with it after playing the C5 for a month I can say I made the right decision, I am so happy with my purchase and quality of the guitar it sounds great and plays great. The finish on the guitar is perfect it really make the details in the wood look awesome and the Case fits perfect and protects the guitar very well. Thanks zZ                
I waited awhile to do this review so that I had time to play with my new axe for awhile!  Boy, oh boy what a guitar.  I had fully expected for this to be a 300.00 guitar but was I wrong!  This is a beautiful instrument, bar none!  
The tonal quality is what one would expect with an instrument costing hundreds, if not thousands more.  I watched Tavi Jinariu play this guitar on youtube and it was fabulous!  Perfectly sized with one minor, and it is very minor and did not reflect on my ratings, is that the neck is just a fraction too small for my big palmed, shorter finger hands.  But, I found that if I rotate it slightly outward, it sounds so much better (no buzz).  I would recommend this for any beginner and professional!                
This guitar has an encreditable voice. It tone is warm and distinctive.The volume projects well in a closed room and is a full and even tone throught. I havent had to mike it but I just know thatb it will soar.                
The gig bag is a treat and is well padded. I wouldnt hesitate to carry my guitar to an outing in it. The bag is strong and attractive and I think offers some protection from bummping and bruising.                
This guitar melts in youre hands. I skim up and down the fretboard with such ease that I surprised my own self. I can bearly put this beautiful peice of art away.                
This is a very well made classical guitar. For under $1000.00 The quality and finish of this instrument is unique. I love the looks and style of this guitar. I mainly use this guitar for training and practice as I am a beginner in the music world but I think that this guitar travel well and in the proper venue it would be a pleasure to hear played.                
This is a great guitar and not only preforms like a high end guitar but its looks and feature are equal as well.                
This guitar stands tall in the looks department and is a work of art. The finish and wood tone is splended and nicely highlighted at the curves and back. The headstock is bueatifly stained and well carved,the word that comes to mind is elligant.                
I will most likely keep this guitar as a main stay and as it wears or fails I will keep getting things repaired and beefed up. The saddle and nut are plastic but for the money and quality this is quit a bargain. I will eventualy replace the nut and saddle with bone after they wear out. You cant ask for a better guitar for this cost.                
As a classical guitar student looking for a step up from my original "starter" guitar, I was particularly anxious to find a guitar with not only better sound, but also with high quality workmanship made by a company fully dedicated to producing superior quality instruments.  The Cordoba C5 was perfect for my budget, and my research into Cordoba convinced me that this company is seriously into this business for the long haul, and that the C5 would be an excellent choice for me at this stage - and that they have a full range of guitars to meet my future needs as well.  Now that I've experienced the C5 for a month I'm absolutely delighted with it.                
The Córdoba C5 acoustic guitar is a good instrument to start learning to play guitar. It has great sound and clean sounds. The only problem I had with my guitar was on the E string. It had a buzzing after sound after the first week. It wasn't hard to fix, all I used was a small peice of paper underneath the string holder (by the neck of the guitar). Other than that I am glad I got the right guitar.                 
Solid Top Classical with no issues for this price is unbelievable. Purchased this guitar for my wife because she just couldn't play a steel string acoustic without hurting her fingers. She Loves this guitar and I find myself picking it up quite often over my other steel string acoustics. Great Big Tone and wonderful feel. The strings that it comes with are Premium Avarez Strings! Beautiful Guitar!!                
If you're thinking about learning the classical style of guitar playing this is the instrument to choose. Very playable and sounds great. With a solid cedar top for under $300 is a steal. I agonized over a more expensive model(C10) but realized I just needed a decent guitar to learn on and this instrument goes way beyond that. Looks and sounds like a more expensive classical guitar, so just go for it you will be pleased!                
This guitar is wonderful!! I am a newbie, but even my teacher was impressed with the quality and sound - especially as I chose a "B-stock" to save some money. I was very impressed with the price, quality, speed, etc.   Would definitely recommend zzzsounds and this guitar to anyone!!                
I bought this guitar 5 years ago to have something a little easier on the fingers with which to take lessons. The top is solid cedar, the back and sides are no doubt laminates. Overall it’s an easy-to-play student guitar, once you address one, critical issue.The frets aren’t finished or dressed properly at the edges. They are VERY sharp, and must be smoothed a bit unless you wish to add some profane vocals to your playing. As a student guitar, the action is pretty high, at least mine was. As I became more proficient, it was an easy task to reduce the height of the saddle a bit. If you do so, be careful as the saddle already sits low in the bridge. If overdone, the strings will contact the bridge, and you’ll need to shim the saddle until you can replace it. The C5’s voice has mellowed with age and use. It came with Savarez strings, but after trying a lot of brands, it’s worn D’Addario Pro Arte Hard Tensions for a few years now.Although I have others, this is my “go-to” guitar when I want to relax a bit and play. It’s a good investment, but it will require a little attention before it becomes comfortable.
I haven’t had reason to contact Cordoba about any issues, but a “Manufacturer Support” rating is required.                
I couldn't believe this nice and beautifully-made guitar was available for even$300, let alone $200! The mahogany body is very attractive, the neck/fingerboard width is great, the tone is wonderful, and it's also very light. I plan to do some recording with it very soon so I will fin d out more about THAT particular aspect of it!                
Awesome guitar. action is perfect right out the box. I would recommend this guitar to all my friends.                
I purchased this guitar and have no regrets! It plays great. Very deep loud sound. Lightweight and easy to transport. Great for the price. Would reccomend.                
We where impressed when taking it out of the box and this was reinforced when we heard it played the first time. Great looking and great sound. There was a small blemish on the top (factory finish) but not enough to return it. Other than that imperfection, we are delighted with our purchase. Best value for a guitar in this price range.                
The overall build quality was good with one glaring exception. The frets were not dressed at all. This was hands down the most painful guitar I've ever tried to play. The tone seemed good, but the guitar as it arrived was unplayable. This is not a reflection on zZounds, but on Cordoba's quality control. Even for an inexpensive guitar, this is not an area to economize on. So if you order one, you may be lucky and get a more finished guitar, and if so, you should be satisfied, but I was disappointed.                
I researched this for a couple of weeks, and have played guitar for over 30 years so I've owned some good ones in the past. 
All these reviews about this c5 being the bees knees   are astonishing. Maybe I received a different c5. Now this guitar is just fine played ok and sounds ok but there is very little that is special, in fact I should have bought the c3 and saved $100 but I'll live. 
Actually I really should have waited and bought a used Yamaha for $50 but again this has a trus rod and warranty so I suppose its a good buy. 
In the end it's a $300 guitar, don't be fooled into thinking it's anything else.                 
The sound is not really good, I always have to tune it right everytime I use it.                
Sound...beginner quality                
Fits the beginner bill for weight and size.                
Same                
Well made. Beautiful to look at.                
At half price ok, full pop...nugatory ghost rider.                
NA                
Sound quality kills the wow factor                
Had I paid full pop for this item it would have gone back. Wonder if YAMAHA wouldn't have been better. Its ok for a beginner which my wife is but I have a Martin so I am not impressed. It is beautiful to look at and is light and easy to hold for her.                
I ordered this guitar on a Wednesday night around 11 pm with standard free shipping and it showed up at my doorstep saturday. I was so excited to see it, upon opening it it was exactly how i pictured it. It is such a beautiful guitar for the price. I loved the fact that the guitar had a bone nut and saddle. It makes the playability so much better and its a great addition to the guitar for the price. I also really love the Fishman pre amp with the built in tuner. Really makes tuning it up quick, easy, and accurate. Overall its a great guitar with no problems. Plays great and sounds even better. Cordoba guitars are great and id recommend them to anyone.                
Wanted a transition guitar to play some blues and jazz with my friends.  Guitar sounds great either lugged in or unplugged.
Value for the price is exceptional.  Great instrument for the price.                
This classical guitar has great sound, easy to play, all frets work and a buyer can choose from three different colors. It  has a built in Fisherman EQ, tuner and a trust rod to accommodate the neck to your most preferable play-ability.                
I bought the same Cordoba C5-CE guitar after I returned the one I bought from you and which I paid $63,00 to Fedex to ship it back.  The Cordoba C5CE  that I recently purchased at  Allegro Music Store in Fremont , California has a great sound.  The store owner explained to me that the trouble might be on the way you store this products. He said that it was not stored in an ideal location and weather condition hence the buzzing sound.  The one that I bought from you does not have a solid sound on the 2nd and 3rd strings.  Overall, it sounded like a cheapy guitar and not worthy of the Cordoba brand.                  
The components and materials that were used to produce it were good and overall appearance is great                
I was not able to get a good sound from it although it was very playable.                
It was well built but the sound was not solid.                
The selling price is reasonable but with the sound that I got , it seemed like a rip-off.                
I have not personally talked to a Cordoba company representative except the ZZounds people.                
I liked the gig bag.                
Can't tell. I am doing good with my present one though.                
sound is a little thin unamped but is awesome with the pickup and thru a PA system.                
Love the tuner and the Fishman is also great.                
Wish the action was a tad lower but not that big of an issue it is very playable.                
I thought the fit and finish was outstanding. Don't know about how reliable it is but appears to be solid.                
Very well priced. I was suprised it was such a quality intrument at this price.                
Haven't had to deal with them.                
Very nisce sex appeal very Spanish Classical looking.                
Probably won't replace it any time soon.                
The sound is a little thin acousticaly but is excellent when pluged in to either a little Fender amp or the Yamaha efx 212 Pa system.                
The tuner is the best part about this product.                
The only thing that didn't warrant a 10 is the tuners on it. Other than that the fit and finish is excellent.                
Haven't played any thing else to compare it to but it is I feel worth the price that I paid.                
Haven't had to                
Very good appeal the smaller neck feels better than a standard classical neck.                
I expect to have this for at least 5 yrs before upgrading. When I do I will look for every thing this guitar has the preamp and tuner.                
I've had three of these.  All three after a year or so the bridges pulled off.... bang. open the case to a mess of strings and the bridge ripped off the guitar.  Sending back the third guitar and HOPING for one that doesn't fail.  What a PITA.  I've owned a lot of guitars, some of them for over 40 years and have NEVER had a bridge that just pulled off.  Really tired of paying for shipping to get a new guitar under warranty.  Keep hoping the next one will will be better but so far just have been disappointed.  Really regret buying a Cordoba..                  
I purchased this guitar new with a natural finish from zZounds.com online and within a 7 day week I had received my guitar very promptly. 
I started playing guitar in 1995, mainly I play electric so this guitar is nice to play because of the thin neck however, it is wide like a traditional classical. I record a lot and wanted a classical sound of a Spanish acoustic guitar.
The guitar was in great condition when it arrived however, I went to play the guitar using the on-board tuner and noticed it wasn't working because the pickup system wasn't fully plugged in inside the guitar! I didn't want to send it back and I have enough knowledge to figured it out myself.
Luckily my wife and I were able to plug the cable back inside the guitar and everything worked perfectly.
The guitar acoustically and electrically sounds really good! The thin body is comfortable for long periods of time and it still has a full bodied sound despite it's compact size. It feels like a very good quality guitar in the hands. The weight of the guitar is evenly balanced from neck to body.
I have played a similar Ibanez model which plays like an electric because of a smaller size neck/fretboard and nut width, and was considering that because it's cheaper however, the Cordoba sounds superior especially when unplugged. It has a nice defined mid range, sweet highs possess sounds that are inviting beyond the 12th fret, no fret buzz, and defined lows.The Fishman electronics sound dynamite! When I recorded this guitar it sounded best when not eq'ued besides a little bass and treble boost from on-board pre amp on the guitar.
The battery door is a little bit tough to open unless you have a strong thumb nail. 
It could use a 3 or 4 band eq control instead of a 2 band however, they did that because this guitar does NOT need EQ'ing to sound good. Just PLUG AND PLAY! The tuner is easy to use and very clear. Comes with a phase switch.
Overall no big complaints. I guess the only thing I could say is the price is average, always could be cheaper in price. haha :) Treat yourself to something nicer than the Ibanez or Tyler Mountain (cheaper guitars).
I recommend anyone to buy this guitar for any type of player beginner or advanced. 
Great sound, look, and it makes me want to play when I see it on the stand.                
I'm a professional guitar and bass player for more than 25 years and I can tell you that this guitar in particular is a really good deal. The sound is clear and  the small body it's amazingly loud. The tension was right outside the box and really easy to play.  I've been trying so many different brands for years and Cordoba is really consistent with their products. I got the black one, it's a keeper for me!.                
I received my item new. The pickup system was unplugged inside the guitar so I plugged it back inside the guitar, and it worked great.
The tuner works well, very easy to use. 
Acoustically it is great! Nice low frequency resonance despite the very comfortable thin body design, projection is medium loud, sweet highs and upper range is great.
I've had the guitar a month, it has no fret buzz whatsoever knock on wood it stays tgat way. It's best to control humidity levels using an AC or dehumidifier for us South Floridians.
The neck is wide like a traditional classical however it is very thin so it plays great for hours without fatigue.                
This guitar is great in all aspects.  Straight out of the box, the guitar had perfect intonation. The sound is full and well balance which was a concern for me because I have tried other thin line classical guitar that sound weak. This guitar is perfect for any style especially classical guitar.                
This little guitar is a great purchase for casual play. For a small thin body it sounds quite nice and meets my needs for an "extra" guitar to keep by the bed or couch. I don't usually play a classical, but I wanted a quiet instrument to fool around with others might disturb others. The thing looks great with it's gloss black finish, is light, and comfortable to hold, and gives good tone. First and only Córdoba. I am pleased.                
The sound is very warm, yet yields very nice highs. Very sweet sound. The sound of this guitar with or without amplification is very sweet. The onboard BBand is very nice. You won't be disappointed.                 
I wanted to let you know that I received my C5-CET a few days ago from Zzsounds.com. I’ve had some time to draw an opinion about this new addition to my collection, and I’m very impressed with Cordoba. She sounds, looks, and plays as good as any $2,000.00 plus guitar. Workmanship is very good. I examined it inside and out. Bindings are flawless, and inside bracing is nothing less than high quality craftsmanship. I compared the craftsmanship and playability against two high end guitar, both are U.S. made, and honestly, the C5-CET stands right up there with them in the categories I stated.                 
Plays very smooth. I like the thin neck.                
As I explained earlier, this is a very well made guitar.                
You cannot beat the price on this guitar. There are other builders that would price this guitar a lot higher. This is a well made guitar.                
I had a question concerning the truss rod before I received the guitar. The are very responsive and fast to get back to you. Their website is awesome.                
I don't know about "sex appeal", but the thin-body is very sleek and is made to play standing up. To me the thin-body provides an ease of play.                
I don't expect I'll be trading this guitar. I would replace it if I were to lose it, as it really fit me and my playing style.                
Compared to a Manuel Rodriguez classical guitar that cost me substantially more two years ago from another retailer, my very recent purchase of the less expensive Cordoba C7 leaves me slack-jawed; I can tell you that not only do I find the tonal quality superior, I also like the slightly lower profile neck which is a perfect fit for my medium-size hand.  For many more reasons including those above, I find myself more and more drawn to play - and now practice - just so that I can experience this guitar more often; this is a good thing as being a non-professional it allows me to dream a little as I build on my abilities daily rather than occasionally.

There's no question.  Cordoba offers a beautiful, superbly handcrafted guitar.  As well, if you purchase it from an authorized dealer and register your purchase at the Cordoba site in their own words they say, "When you purchase the HumiCase™ within 7 days as your Córdoba guitar, we (Cordoba) will upgrade your Limited Three Year Warranty to a Limited Lifetime Warranty."

Comparison really is important when buying any guitar, so just try and make sure that you have a good standard from which to make your final decision for both quality and price.  However you may choose, Cordoba offers a good basis from which to compare.  And, after seeing what this site has to offer in great pricing, there's no question that my purchase of an upgraded model of a Cordoba will be made here.                
In the pictures, it looks great, but when you get it... man! 
Not to mention, it plays like a dream. I got the guitar just yesterday and I have played it for a few hours already. Sounds great, very mellow as other people have said. 
To sum up my thoughts- The guitar is beautiful in sound and appearance, the case is excellent, the value and wow factor are incredible for this price point, and it is just plain fun to play.
Great product and zZounds is always great! Would buy again if I lost it                
This guitar has a vary warm tone due to the cedar top and rosewood fingerboard. It has great basses, not as great trebles (obviously not spruce). Sound is very mellow, you can drive the guitar when you want. You can also play it softly and it responds well. I play classical exclusively and it fits my needs perfectly. It definately compares to the La Patrie (500 dollar model), Kremona Sofia and Fiesta, and the New World Series 45c (Kenny Hill).  I don't record with it, but I plan to.                
Solid top and the bone nut and saddle are great. The neck is a little larger, and more squared off. The guitar isn't overbuilt, it's really light. The only downside is obviously the neck shape and the laminated back and sides, which is still great. Very georgious guitar.                
Everythings great.                 
Of course it's not a lutheir built instrument, but it's one of the best instruments you can buy for the money. I've tried several Yamaha's that were overbuilt. The Yamaha 201s for example doesn't even compare to the sound on this bad boy. I've heard that Cordoba has had problems with the bridge falling off, I've only owned this guitar for a little while so I'm still waiting to see if any problems arise.                
Definately.                 
I havn't had to use their customer support yet.                
Probably the best thing about the guitar is the colors. The indian rosewood back and sides and I actually had black tuning heads... just beautiful...                
This guitar is one of the best if not the best sounding guitar for the money. I have played it for some time and it sounds beautiful. The sound is very full and crisp yet mellow, but you can drive the guitar if you feel the need. I would definitely recommend.                
I received my C7 about a week ago and have now had time to really gaze and play and appreciate this beauty!  It is a gorgeous instrument.  The fit and finish is incredible.  Even the inside of the body is beautiful!  The sound is loud and full and can cut through.
I am a student learning classical guitar and this guitar is going to keep me happy for many years I think.
Here's the main thing...  I took this guitar to my instructor and he started playing it.  A look of confusion came to his face...   "How much did you pay for this?"  359 (it was a "blemished" stock).  He plays some more...  "Man, I couldn't find this sound when I was looking for guitars until I crossed the 1000 level".  Then after 15 minutes, he gives it back and picks up his guitar.  He starts to play and says, "My guitar doesn't sound as good anymore."
True Story.
I got a great deal at zZounds because it was "blemished".  I still have no idea what the previous customer found wrong with it...  I can only guess they didn't understand the strings need a while to stretch and stay in tune and so they returned it.  I can find no mark, no issues - a truly remarkable value - and it comes with a fantastic gig bag.
I also own a Cordoba 25TM-CE Ukulele and I have experienced same high quality in that instrument.                
This guitar is excellent! Hands down the best sounding classical in it's price range. When I was "test driving" classicals, looking for something that had depth, clarity and projection, I kept coming back to this C7. It is by far the most well crafted as far as sound that tried out. I really found only very subtle differences between it and guitars priced much higher.                 
For this to have the "made in china" slicker slapped on the back of the headstock, it really is very well crafted and shows an excellent attention to detail. The tuning keys are ornate and work excellently, the finish on mine is superb and doesnt have any flaws or imperfections. I purchased the Canadian cedar top because the sound is deep and warm, but projects excellent treble tones as well.                 
Came ready to play after the strings settled in slightly. No having to horse around to get rid of annoying buzzes or hums. Is built just like classical guitars that are twice the price.                 
Everything came perfectly clean, finished, and ready to play. I am glad I ordered it from zZounds because the ones I was trying at my local GC's were getting the typical store display abuse. For what you pay for this guitar, you are getting more than your money's worth. It seems as if Cordoba understands how to build a quality product at a reasonable price.                 
Best value for your money. This guitar will make you want to never put it down, and you won't be stressing on the price either!                
Everytime I get it out of the case, I get excited to play.                 
I plan to play this guitar until I wear a hole through the wood or my fingers fall off, whichever comes first.                 
I love the sound,  the feel and mine came with the action perfect. I should have got one a long time ago.                 
The sound is good. I wouldn't put it in it's own category but definitely on par with other guitars in the same price range.                
The most useful feature is the truss rod. This is very uncommon in traditional classic nylon string guitars and will prove very useful.                
The main key to getting great sounds from any instrument is the player. However, I would recommend changing the stock strings to some EJ45 Pro-Arte's from D'addario. They have a warmer tone.                
As long as you keep it in the supplied gig bag and make sure to check the humidity often, I see no reason why this guitar wouldn't last decades.                
Absolutely worth the price. For $500, you'd be hard pressed to find another nylon string that has the same level of craftsmanship. Some may argue that you can't get a good nylon string for under $1000 but for those of us on a budget, you can't go wrong with this.                
Fortunately, I haven't had any reason to contact Cordoba.                
The price, the truss rod, the finish, $500 = Wow.                
I must say this is a fantastic guitar for the price. I felt as if I was playing a $800+ instrument. The quality is really on par with other popular brands that also sell nylon string guitars in the same price range. The finish is beautiful, a nice reddish/natural color. I read some complaints about the guitar being a bit too heavy but I disagree. It couldn't be any more light in my hands and fits perfectly in my lap. The neck is smooth and fast, fret edges are trimmed and tuning pegs feel like they have a good weight to them. A top quality guitar for under $500. Thanks Cordoba!                
I have to say I am very happy with my guitar. It is great unplugged, and even better going through a PA. I play a lot of classical, but also James Taylor, Paul Simon, etc. and the guitar works perfectly for that style as well. I am also very  impressed by the customer service at zzounds. I had a problem with the first guitar I purchased and without hesitation they found a solution for me. Overall very satisfied with everything, the guitar is beautiful. I played many others in looking and this one stood out right away, strong sound, easy to play. Highly recommend.                 
The sound is different than what I am used to in a classical style guitar. Typically a Cedar/Rosewood guitar has a somewhat muted tonal quality. Not so on the C7-CE, and I welcome the difference in sound, which is more "crisp" - not bright but more pronounced - "livelier". And the low strings have a more acoustic steel string "wood" tonality which is not usually heard in a classical.                
I like the idea of the electronics, a piezo/mic combo with appropriate controls, and a built in tuner. Where this fails at is in two areas: 1) the guitar cord must be shoved all the way into the endpin jack past the point of where the actual connection would actually occur and even then the signal may cut out - I'd say it's a bad endpin jack; 2) the body of the electronics sometimes vibrates when the guitar is played - not so much a problem when playing live but when recording this gets picked up by the studio mic - not good!                
Action is excellent which makes the guitar easy to play, especially barre chords down on the first two/three frets.                
Very good craftsmanship.                
Overall it's a good value. I'd say one-step-up from comparable guitars also built in China.                
Have not contacted.                
It's a guitar. After 40+ years of playing the Wow Factor doesn't matter to me.                
Overall I'm pleased with the guitar but not so happy with the electronics.                
I'm new to classical guitar but I am happy with the cordoba I purchased. Sounds great unplugged and it stays in tune. Can't wait to get better and hear it amped up.                
Received it today and as soon as i pulled it ot of the box, i fell in love with the attention to detail in  the guitar design. Flawless exterior and immaculate finish. However, i believe the bass notes are not as robust as i thought they should be for a spanish classical. I have a 2 year old c5 cordova  and out of the box it sounded better. When i look inside the guitars to compare how they are braced, i noticed that the new c7 is slightly over braced than the c5. And true to spanish fan bracing, i prefer the torres fan bracing compared on the c5. The perpendicular bracing at the bottom of the top inside do not let it vibrate to it's fullest. One another thing that restricts the sound from is the thin plate directly under the bridge. This is not a true spanish fan bracing as advertised. All said, the guitar is an awesome deal at it's price range. zZounds has always been an excellent vendor of these guitars and their costumer service is second to none. I will always buy from them and although my critique may sound a little harsh, i did not compare this guitar to any other brand. That would be unfair to the cordova name.                 
I'm a 75 year old beginning guitarist and bought the Cordoba Cadete to have a smaller guitar than full size for ease of learning. The other feature I was looking for was the nylon strings to aid in learning. So far, I am delighted with my purchase and would recommend to all ages. The tone and appearance are wonderful.                
I've only had this guitar for three hours but I am mightily impressed. I don't have the biggest hands so my full size classical was really difficult to play cleanly. I sold that one (a Rodriguez) and bought this model. It is much easier to play and is prettier as well. The photos on the zZounds website makes this guitar appear to be a light shade of orange. The actual color is more of an a honey color. The guitar has a nice tone and projects well. It isn't as loud as a full size model but that's the trade off with a smaller body. I suspect it will sound better when I put on a fresh set of strings. The tuning keys are smooth and the white pearloid style buttons and gold tone metal really make the guitar look like a more expensive model. The action is within the tolerable range and the frets are well seated with no buzzes. The only criticism I have is with the edges of the frets - they are a tiny bit sharp. (That's an easy thing to remedy so it isn't really a big deal.) A shout-out to zZounds is how I will conclude this review. Their extended payment plans have made it too easy to expand my collection of guitars and amps. Thanks, y'all.                
I sold my 7/8 classical when I bought a full sized classical. Big Mistake. The neck was like a 2x4. I sold that one and browsed literally dozens of smaller models. The Cadete was the one affordable model I saw with consistently good reviews. It's not as loud as a full size model but in EVERY OTHER WAY it is a superlative instrument. It's well made and has a truss rod which is rare for the cheaper models. Out of the box the action was within the acceptable range so I haven't messed with the truss rod. The tuners are smooth but tight. It's beautiful to look at - the pics on the website make it look orange, which it isn't. If you're looking for a smaller size "parlor" guitar, this is a great choice. The stock strings are okay, not great but not bad.                
Sound is definitely bigger than its size but still Folkish, Latin and Classical. Somewhat limited in its utility depending on the users' musical style but very impressive full sound despite it's small size.                
Diminutive size makes it very easy to play for smaller players.                
Light weight, small size, low string action all make it easy to play.                
Excellent quality for it's price point. Wonderful finish and surprisingly good hardware allows it to stay in tune.                
Personally, I think it's worth MORE than it's selling price. But it seems to have held it since I bought it 10 years ago.                
N/a                
Great looking guitar in a small package                
I bought it for my Grand Daughter to learn on but I can't part with it. Beautiful Finish production materials and construction quality that produces a Full, Rich sound far beyond it's sub-$300 price point. Low string action makes it easy to play and it holds tune extremely well. I've had several Nylon string classical guitars as well as a Cordoba RCWE Thinline Acoustic Electric and it, too, ranks amoung my favorite Classical guitars in my collection..                
Sounds and feels like adult size cordoba. My son loved it . 
I first bought a C7 from zzounds and I thought nothing could get better. After a couple years of playing I finally realized that my hands were smaller then the normal Joes hands. So I was in search of a great instrument that fit my needs, and the Cordoba Cadete was EXACTLY that. I do not own my C7 anymore, but I can tell you for almost half the price the sound is extremely sweet. The finish was perfect. It came in record time (3 days) from NY to TX. For it being a little instrument, it is quite loud =D I couldn't be happier.                
This guitar the Cordoba F7 is exactly what I was looking for I have two very expensive flamenco guitars made by Lester Devoe,  I wanted a guitar that I would be able to travel with with no fuss and worry.  This guitar was the answer while it dose not sound like a DeVoe, its really no supposed to and would not even be fair to compare the two.  That being said,  The guitar in my opinion is absolutely amazing for this price point.  The sound it good, it has a flamenco vibe to it the back and side are laminate so they don't have the sound of a real blanca that is made with tone wood that is Cyprus.  Again this guitar is less than 500.00  The playable was a very nice surprise,  all up and down the fret board the notes ring and sound very good.  The playability is very easy and feels great on the left hand the neck is very well shaped and there are no frets sticking out on the side of the neck.  I installed a Fishman Ellipse Matrix Blend pick and mic and am very happy with the results.  I have no reservations in taking this guitar out to gig with.  I feel very good about the purchase and would recommend that anyone who is looking for a flamenco guitar and knows that if you really want that Flamenco sound you do need to spend more than 500.00  but if your goal is to have a great guitar that you can play, travel with, take to the beach, parties, fly with and be able to play and have it sound the way a flamenco guitar is supposed to as compared to a classical guitar then this is the guitar for you.  I have used the guitar in my studio and have been very happy with the results.  My purpose however was for a travel and live playing guitar that I would feel more comfortable with taking out.  When playing live in small settings I will be using the Roland BA 330 for my PA.                 
Came with a great light weight gig bag                
Tune play and rasagados right away and playing rumbas etc.                 
Finish is great, however there seems to be a sligh mismatch in the verner and the center wood stripe, dose not affect the sound at all just a mis to attention when building the gutiar. In no way is this a deal breaker in my opinion.  The gutiar looks great and the tunners felt good and keep string in tune,  I am used to pegs on my other gutiars.                 
To me the price was perfect and with Zzound 4 payments you can pick this guitar up for less than 130.00 a month, no one else offers that as far as I am aware.                
I have contacted Cordoba two times and they got back to me with answers very quick about a hard case, and the best pickup and size to install.  They were very kind as well and the information that they gave me was perfect to find a solution.                 
Looks like and feels like a true flamenco guitar                
I purchased this guitar to play when I travel, or play out in environments where taking a 8000.00 is just not wise.  For me this guitar is a keeper and solves many issues that I was facing while playing in small clubs, bars, restaurants etc.  I can use this guitar as well as a teaching guitar for students.   It meets my goals and expectations for a good working guitar to travel with and have a pick up and mic installed.                
First of all, the sound is very clean - there is no muddiness to it at all on any string. This is a quality that one should look for regardless of the guitar style.
The sustain is quite short - definitely shorter than my friends Cordoba C7 (classical). The trebles have a very bright sound (not the warm tone you have on a classical), and have an almost bell-like tendency to ring. The bass strings also sound great.
As a flamenco guitar should have, there is some fret buzz, though only on one string. The store owner said that if a true flamenco player bought the guitar, he would lower the strings to half their current height, so there would be fret buzz on all strings. I guess this is something I will experiment with later. All that being said, the buzz only appears when the string is played hard, and the buzz does not remain for long.
Overall, the sound of this guitar is amazing - I could find nothing better for the price among 50 or so guitars up to 1,000 dollars. It is really fitting of the flamenco/percussive style (and therefore not so fitting for classical compositions that require a warm tone - think Segovia).                
The truss rod is the feature that sets Cordoba apart from other guitars. Since I move around a lot to different climates, it is nice to have that option.
In terms of build, quality and finish, it is great overall - though there are some minor comments. The front and back of the guitar are not book-matched (looks good anyway). The color is a very pleasant white/gold combination, and the wood pattern is beautiful. Also, the frets protrude just a tiny bit from the neck at some points (again a minor point).
The woods used a fitting for the price range. I think it would be impossible to find a all solid-wood guitar for $500. So, a solid top is the best you can do.                
I found the guitar very playable. The action is about half as high as on my previous classical guitar. And despite having high tension strings, virtually no pressure is required to hold regular or barre chords. 
The low action and high tension also facilitate hammer-ons and pull-offs. 
It's not as playable as an electric of course, but it's as close as a true classical is going to get.                 
I found no quality issues with the guitar. Tuning is nice and smooth, and the guitar stays in tune for a couple of days at least.
Per dealer suggestion, I purchased an Oasis humidifier, and keep the guitar in the case/humidified during the winter months at least. With proper care, I don't see why it would not last 50-100 years.                 
I think that for the price, there is not a better flamenco guitar. You really get a lot for your money.                
It's a beautifully build light guitar, but for me sound and play-ability were the deciding factors.                
I settled on this guitar after a very thorough visit to a guitar shop specializing in classical guitars. Before, I had played an inexpensive $70 guitar for several years that was beyond repair.
I found this an exceptional guitar for the price in terms of features, sound, build quality, etc. 
A great easy guitar to play...excellent choice for beginning/budding flamenco guitarist has the playability needed to master many techniques...very growly and reasonable tone...best value for price...obviously the sound will not compare to solid body higher end guitars, but it is the playablity that makes me pick it up for practicing every time over my other guitars                
Good quality build and quality purfling, machine heads and rosette                
playability is excellent                
Extremely well made for the price                
Value for money A++++++++++++++++++++                
Not applicable                
Stupid question...only relevant to marketing people                
I would replace if lost or stolen                
I received the cordoba f7 I  Purchased in 4 days, undamaged and ready to play. Other than setting it up to my personal preferences, the guitar has not needed any major work done to it. A great guitar in my opinion,  with the quality and attention to detail in this price range I am happy with my decision.                  
For the price the sound quality is great.  Maybe a bit more buzz in the strings that people might like but I love playing it and actually like the tone for flamenco...I challenge any guitar to sound and feel so good for the price...                
For the price the model i have is excellent build.  The quality of machine heads and overall finish is amazing.                
I love playing it.  I have guitars up to $7K but when I practice I pick this one up every time...extremely light, easy peasey to play, love the feel and action...also take to paritrs etc...robust, good volume and poeple have commented on its unique sound...                
Couldn't ask for more given its price                
Enough said                
Not applicable...haven't experienced                
No comment...stupid question                
I have all the guitars I need...however if this was lost or stolen i would probably replace it because such good fun to play...                
After having Sam Ash service dept. lower the action and install La Bella 820, Travis the technician was quite excited about the sound and playability of this entry level/intermediate flamenco guitar. I would like to listen to a good flamenco player demo my F7 and comment on it. I know that this is all the guitar I will need to learn and improve.                
A flamenco guitar needs to have a loud and impetuous voice to complement the signer's  voice and the dancers feet and clapping sounds. It doesn't need the mellow sounds of the classical guitar but each can play the other style somewhat well  in the hands of a competent artist.                
I am confidant that a good flamenco player could make some great sounds with this guitar. It will be interesting to listen to it "open up" as gets older.                
The guitar's appearance is very nice and flawless for a factory made instrument from China. considering it's modest price.. I think that this guitar deserves good care and should not be treated as a "beach guitar" as some flamenco snobs seem to think                
I think that the controlled selling price, including the nice quality gig bag, is very reasonable                  
I have not had any direct contact with Cordoba yet, but their website has a lot of good information on care and use of their guitars                
I have always wanted a guitar that would inspire me to learn and improve my playing                
I am pleased with the appearance, sound, and overall playability of this guitar. I selected it over the Yamaha CG172 SF.                
I am blown away with the sound from this little guitar. It is loud! I read that the 12 fret fusion models sounded better acoustically than the 14 fret models. I played a 14 fret rose and several of the gk series a few weeks ago but none of them sounded this good. The neck is so nice it fells like it was made for my hand with easy access to the 19th fret. Action was a tad high for my taste but the neck was dead straight and no buzzing or dead spots anywhere. Frets are level and smooth on the edges. The wood on mine is beautiful. Nice book-matched spruce and straight grained rosewood accented with mahogany purfling and a flawless finish make for a visually beautiful guitar. But the best part is the tone. I should have tried a cedar top too but this spruce top is really amazing sounding. This baby stacks up to any nylon string that I have played at a fraction of the cost and the most comfortable neck I have ever wrapped my hand around. The pickups sound awesome. I don't know if I got lucky or they all sound this good . I have to drive a very long way to get to a decent guitar store so I'd rather try it out first but you cant go wrong with a 30 day return policy and pay as you play. I didn't think my search would be over so quick but I'm glad it is. Thanks zzounds!                
I learned to play guitar on a Western Auto Silvertone steel string.  After mastering chords and some symbalence of rhythm I moved on to a nylon string guitar where I learned to do some basic finger picking.  Always liked the sound of a nylon stringed guitar.  As I got older I moved on to the larger dreadnaught Martin D28 and it goes without saying the sound of a good Martin is very good.  Now that I am older(61) and some arthiritis I wanted to try and find a smaller bodied guitar.  Maybe a classical but remembered how wide the neck was on my old classical guitar so started researching and ran across the Cordoba web site and started reading about their Fusion Orchestra CE Classical guitar.  I liked the smaller neck Cordoba used.  I also liked the light weight and smaller size.  It took me a while to get used to the sound of the guitar.  I have always believed that a person needs to learn how to strike the strings to get that guitar's benefits.  After spendings about two months playing the Cordoba I am starting to get the good sound this guitar has.  This is a fine guitar for the money you spend. Play  this instrument  and discover the wonderful sounds within.                
Great full body sound. Really warm clean tone. The fishman system is amazing.Would totally recommend this to all skill levels.Gig bag is sharp with a cool grey color.                
I'm a guitar player, i keep on learning classical guitar as well as writing my own songs iI wanted a guitar that i could use to do both and still would look amazing, i tested the C7 and c5 both full acoustic and elec-acoustic and then i tested this one and felt in love. i tested on guitar center but ordered from zzounds because they let you pay on 4 payments and thats amazing i receive the guitar fast and comes with an amazing cordoba gig bag. Get it!!! you will love it                
I had never purchased a guitar sight unseen before. I had always spent days trying out various instruments until I found "The One"! So it was with trepidation that I ordered this one. When it arrived, I was very pleased at its appearance. After tuning, I was blown away by the sound. I know a dedicated classic guitar will sound better (a little) but I am extremely happy with my purchase                
I am very pleased with the purchase of my GK Studio Cordoba nylon string guitar, and highly recommend it for playability and value.  I am a steel string player who has switched to nylon string guitars in order to play more musical styles.  I wanted to learn to read music by learning classical guitar and have now found a nylon string guitar a must for all my finger style playing.  The problem has been finding a nylon string guitar that is playable and sounds good with a variety of musical styles.  I have been searching endlessly for one that is smaller than your typical classical and has a sound that is brighter.  I discovered that a Flamenco Negra guitar provides the bright sound I am looking for in addition to a thinner body. The GK Studio Negra is perfect for me. With the feature of a tress rod my repair man was able to get the action to 2mm at the 12th fret. Wow, great going Cordoba.  A 50 mm nut width and the thinner neck depth adds playability without sacrificing being able to play classical music on this guitar.  The final touch is the cutaway to reach the upper frets.  The sound of this guitar is excellent for the ticket price.
My only reserve is that this guitar is not made of all solid wood and has a whole in it for electronics.   I am a purist and can hear the difference in a solid wood guitar and prefer to have passive amplification.  Although this guitar sounds great and is perfect in all the functional aspects, I will be looking for another guitar.  This GK Studio will be used for practice and "knocking around" while I save my money for a solid wood guitar with no electronics cut out.   
I highly recommend this guitar for the price range, sound, and playability.  Even if I buy a higher quality solid wood guitar in the future, I will not get rid of my GK Studio.                  
Ive had my Gk studio Negra for about 2 weeks now and i have to say that I havent picked up any of my other guitars since. I just love how this little powerhouse sounds. Its is very light weight and super comfortable to play. The action when i got it needed a bit of a tweak but I was able to get it super low without buzz. The guitar looks absolutelly beautiful and plays like a dream. I havent plugged mine in yet but I look forward to doing so soon. I have however played one plugged in at my local music store and was blown away at how it sounded using the Fishman loudbox mini amp. You cant go wrong with the price and value of this instrument especially if you travel. The tuners are beautiful and keep the instrument in perffect tune. The onboard electronics are nice, like i said, i havent plugged mine in but the onboard tuner is great. If you are looking into getting a new classical/flamenco style guitar get this one...you wont be dissapointed.                 
I received my of my GK Studio Cordoba nylon string guitar today and I have to say this guitar is just outstanding. It stand up to any custom made guitar from any Luther costing $3,000 to $5,000. I never expected that such a affordable guitar could sound so great. The craftsmanship together with the cosmetic look is just fabulous. I highly recommend the of my GK Studio Cordoba nylon string guitar. I've been playing for over 55 years and have seen, played, and owned high end guitars and this one is just as high end. The bass response and the highs are right on the button. I am a very particular as far as my guitars. They must sound outstanding and also look great as far as presentation. Over all this one is will be right with me anytime I go out and do my gigs and also play in our worship team. Five stars.                
I have played many guitars in 50 years as a musician, but the Cordoba GK Studio Negra guitar is a dream. The other day my son used in a recital at school and other students performers borrowed for their performance. Great Guitar!!! Bravo for Cordoba.                
Recently I purchased a Cordoba GK Studio series guitar through zZounds. this was my first purchase with them, and I purchased it through their 4-payment plan program.  When I received the guitar, I noticed that the guitar had two dents in the wood work, one on each side of the sound hole. I later discovered a short in the electrical wiring within the guitar plug. I notified zZounds of the discrepancies, and without any hesitation they sent me a free UPS return label and assured me that as soon as the item was returned to UPS and scanned, they would send me a replacement. zZounds lived up to their word. Within days, I received the replacement guitar that was in perfect condition. I couldn't be happier with their customer service.
I have to further give them great thanks for their zero interest payment program. As a working musician unable to get credit anywhere, zZounds steps up to the plate and offered me the guitar I've been wanting for years but couldn't afford. Their "Pay as you Play" program is hassle free, didn't rely on credit score, and I was accepted by zZounds where every other mega-musician store turned me down. For this, I am now a loyal fan of zZounds and will be a returning customer soon, making them my #1 place to supply my music business.                
Had purchase a different brand and had to return because it sounds terrible. Had my reserves on the Cordoba, my in-law is a guitar teacher and has a Cordoba and also a Martin. I order the Cordoba and this instrument sound great, nice feature and super quality, easy to use and the wood looks great I mean it is beautiful, it just give you a wow! Impression. Can't let go of it. Very light, great electronics, the gig bag is very nice.  I have lot to say about this great instrument, but I want to go back and play a little more or maybe a lot.                
It has a great sound quality that exceeds higher priced guitars.                 
Wow looking material, great craftsmanship and beautiful design. All seems in harmony.                 
Very light, easy to play with great nylon strings.                
It has a Fishman onboard electronics a tuner that works perfectly and great details.                
Worth every penny compared to other brands.                
Have not need to contact them.                
It take your breath away and you can't let go of it.                
I have played other guitars that cost 3 or more times as this beautiful GK Studio Negra from Cordoba. This is a great guitar, sound awesome, beautiful wood, great price and it has that wow factor that takes your breath away. Overall it a great guitar, you can’t find other guitars that sound so great at this price and give you the satisfaction of worth every penny.                 
I have played all types of mini guitars and 90% have horrible intonation.. Meaning in standard tuning, a D chord might be perfectly in tune and then an E chord would be ridiculously OUT OF TUNE!  This is a GREAT mini electric/acoustic guitar!  It has the sound of a ukulele with the playability and tuning of a small acoustic guitar.                
I am a seasoned guitarist of more than 50 years...That's right! This instrument is gig-worthy. Looks good, sounds good, and stays in tune after the usual nylon string thing stretch. play banjo style, mando style, ethnic...whatever you can do o this mini axe. Where ever your expertise takes you. Enjoy!!                
I absolutely love this guitar, I'm petite and have small hands so I wanted a light but high quality guitar and I didn't go wrong with this one. The wood is gorgeous, the sound is amazing and you can't argue with the price for all these amazing qualities. The gig case is a great addition. I am very satisfied.                
I absolutely love this guitar, I'm petite and have small hands so I wanted a light but high quality guitar and I didn't go wrong with this one. The wood is gorgeous, the sound is amazing and you can't argue with the price for all these amazing qualities. The gig case is a great addition. I am very satisfied.                
I am just starting to learn and am working overseas, so I needed a small guitar. This guitar fit the bill perfectly. It sounds good to my ears and the nylon strings aren't as hard on my fingers as I thought they would be. I hope to get good at playing and I think this is a great guitar to get started. The price was right, and so is the size (I don't have a lot of room in my little hooch).                
Thought they were battery operated.But, for the price, not bad at all                
Just got this ukulele about a week ago and it sounds great both acoustic and plugged in. I haven't had any trouble with it so far, so that's been good. The neck feels great and the cutaway is a great feature. My only qualm is the finish has some rough spots. You can't see the spots, but you can feel them, so really it's just annoying, doesn't ruin the looks or anything. Other than that though, the quality seems really good!                
This is the first time, ever, that I was able to take a NEW guitar to rehearsal and then, play a concert with it the next day, without the need of any adjustments.  Even my custom made instruments required a day at the Luthier's shop just to adjust the action for my playing and strings - with the GK Studio I had to do nothing (other than replacing the strings) - with a minimal eq the guitar sounded just beautiful - I am very pleased with its amplified sound and since my endorsement with another pickup system is expired I have been searching for a new one that would sound better and be more reliable.  I have now found it.

 the GK is perfect in every way.  I don't know how you guys do it but, I am pleased that I have tried it - perfect timing too for my upcoming projects.                
For years I have been playing a simple, low end Yamaha flamenco guitar due to... well, what can I say, I'm a working musician.  THANKS to Zzound.com and Cordoba Guitars, I was finally able to afford this GK Studio Negra guitar, and let me say that after playing it, it is WORTH EVERY DOLLAR that it is priced at.
To begin with, it arrived at my home double boxed, and further more padded in the inner box to ensure the safest shipping possible.
To my surprise, unlike other guitars it came with its very own Cordoba soft case that wasn't even mentioned in the sale info.  (BONUS!!!).  
The sound from the guitar resonates much longer than other guitars I've tested, and the tone from the guitar is much warmer than the others as well.  Right out of the box, I was able to use the onboard tuner which is one less thing I have to have on stage.  The action is absolutely amazing on this guitar, and even better, you can adjust the tension rod to your liking right between the strings in just a few seconds.
The onboard adjustments truly solve having to hover around the soundboard.  The three band EQ is standard, and it has additional adjustments to balance the pickups and inboard mic, along with adjustment to eliminate low end feedback.
The only minor drawback is not having pegs for a guitar strap on it, but that is an easy fix, as I was planning to get a custom strap for it anyhow.  As a fan of the Gipsy Kings, who have reigned for over 30 years with the Spanish guitars, Cordoba truly honored their name with this Gipsy King series Studio guitar.  And I myself, and now proud to be both an owner and performer with this Cordoba GK Studio guitar.
the sound is perfect for a flemenco guitar.  it is crisp, the basses are deep and resonate well.                
great features                
this guitar was already set up, i didn't even need to change the strings.                
for the price, this is great!                
I would pay twice this amount at other companies for the same quality.                
I have had this guitar for only two months.  I will enjoy it for many years to come.  I have played guitar for over 35 years now.                
I just got me this guitar as a Fathers Day gift. I spent time, as I say test driving it and others. One of the things I look for is when the guitar lets me take it and it becomes one with me. Anywhere my fingers go the soud stay smooth and clear. Action all the way is tremendous and rewarding. By that I am rewarded with the sounds I get so clear I smile. Took hours matching it against a Taylor which I am favorable to. I tried so hard to like the Taylor, Yamaha, and others, but I still came back to the Cordoba. It was what I was seeking to get the soud I wanted. I paly it more now than my steal string guitars. Good stuff!!! "{)                
Bought this guitar new from local authorized dealer. Sounded good in the store and liked the spruce top that produced a nice sound. Got it home and sat down to really try it out. It was then that I saw the guitar had a crack that was about 3/4 of an inch or so running through width of the soundboard at the lower curve of the cut out through the width of the wood. Looked like a chunk of the soundboard could come off.Worse is that there was a smear of what looks like grey Elmer's wood filler on the underside of soundboard where the crack was repaired (factory rework??) at the intersection of the neck and the cut out. This was not a B grade guitar that I purchased, but Cordoba Quality Control is not there.I don't know whether Cordoba contracts out manufacturing or if they buy pre-cut tops or cut their own. Calls into question the quality of material they use, and how something defective, reworked gets to an end-user. Amateur player who has a couple of steel stringed acoustics, Yamaha classical that was redone with new bone nut and bridge. Studying classical as a school elective.                
I've owned this guitar for almost 2 years and LOVE it!                
First off, thank goodness for zZounds' stellar return policy. I had my GK Studio for a week before I decided to return it. The guitar sounds very weak and has no bass at all. Honestly, I think it sounds like a toy. I went as far as to try others at local music stores; none of them sounded much better. I previously owned a Cordoba 30f, which is discontinued, and find myself wishing I still had it. The 30f was a proper student flamenco with a vastly superior tone. I think this us due to the fact that it was made in Spain instead of the Chinese made GK Studio. 
Build quality on the GK Studio is very skeptical too. The frets on mine were jagged on the edges of the fingerboard and it had a boatload of fret buzz and dead notes. A flamenco guitar should have some fret buzz, but not to the extent i had in mine.  Adjusting the truss rod fixed things a bit, but not entirely. A proper guitar setup would have been in order if I kept it. I also noticed some carelessly glued sections on the guitar. It really didn't inspire confidence that it would last five years of playing flamenco. 
I really, really wanted to like this guitar, but it just does not fit the bill. Look elsewhere if you want a well-rounded and proper flamenco guitar.                 
The spider capo presses firmly on the strings, creating a clear sound without buzz.                
It works equally as well on 12-stringed guitars, too!                
I would like it better if it fastened to the guitar neck faster.  As it is, one must hold it with one hand while tightening a screw using finger and thumb with the other.  For studio work or just playing around it would be fine.                
The spider capo appears to be well-made.  I've only had it for a month, so we'll see....                
Compared to better capoes, the value for the spider capo is good.                
This thing is great!  I never use a capo normaly.  I can play in any key at any time.  Where this comes in handy is when I'm playing slide on my dobro.  I don't have to keep changing the tunings or have more than one dobro on stage with me.  I use two at a time for even more diversity.                
The fact that you can select what notes to use on any given fret is great.   I usually place one on the second and third frets of my dobro.                  
Just put the thing on the neck of your guitar and select which notes you want to use and your done.  It could not be easier.                
It is made well, I have never had a problem with it.  Like anything else, it should last quit a while, as long as you take care of it.                
I only paid $19.95 for each one of mine.  It was money well spent!                
Never needed any.                
I can't imagine anyone comming up with another product that is any better.  If anything ever happens to mine I will buy another one right away.                 
I've used the SpiderCapo XXL both for my Squier Stagemaster 7 (7-string electric) and my Ibanez GA3 (nylon string, classical) and it does well with both so far. I haven't played for any extended periods of time with it but it does its job cleanly.
Going with the XXL size of the SpiderCapos was the better choice for me since both the guitars I play more often have wider necks; one at 2" and the other at 1 7/8" (G3 and Stagemaster, respectively). It does actually seem to latch pretty well to 4th fret (just barely under 1 7/8") and up of the neck of my Crestwood flat-top steel string. The neck is too thin for the XXL capo at the 1st and 2nd frets. Since that guitar's pending repairs I can't tell you how exactly it performs from experience, but I have a feeling it would do fine.                
This capo did not work. I bought it because it was the only capo I could find that was designed to fit 8-string guitars. It didn't hold down the strings very well to begin with. And as soon as I tried to bend a string, the string slid right out from under its individual capo-piece thing. Pathetic. It also looks absolutely ridiculous.
Also, the idea that a capo could be used to create alternative tunings is nonsense. For one, it obviously prevents access to the frets nearest the headstock, so the first few frets of any strings that are not individually-capoed are rendered useless. For two, it can only individually-capo strings to one fret. More than one capo would be needed to individually-capo strings to other frets, further-restricting the playability of the neck. Just re-tune, it won't kill you!!!
Thankfully, I found a solution: if you play an extended-range guitar and are looking at this capo, go for a 12-string guitar capo instead.                
Best laptop stand for an excellent price! The ability to adjust the stand to fit your needs makes the stand one of the best and the price makes this product the BEST! Very durable and the dark gray that I ordered, blends well with the controller and table. Great Job Crane!                
Stable. Sturdy stand for your Laptop or Mid-size Controller. I have a few stands. This is the best one so far.                
There almost no difference from the pro stand and the plus expect the tray. For 80 bucks it a no brainier.                 
Does what it says it does, kit comes with everything you'll need to adjust your guitar. I've even used the capo in a pinch, though it's not really meant for playing. Oh and it comes with a setup guide for the newb which is pretty helpful.                
Sounds okay for something that doesn't make a sound.  But once you use this kit to get your guitar set up properly your guitar will definitely sound and play much better.                
A guitar tech obviously put a lot of thought as to what should go into this kit. This kit contains everything that I need to set up my guitars, with one noteable exception: an offset screwdriver for adjusting floating trem claws. Otherwise I have a use for every tool in this kit.  Some people may be put off by the seemingly delinquent capo, but it's there to capo off your first fret for measuring neck relief, NOT for barring off for playing in different keys.

This kit will most likely fit into the outer pocket of most gig bags but it's a little too bulky to fit into any of my hardshell cases.                
I still haven't quite figured out how to use the screwdriver yet...lol!

But seriously, all of these tools perform their function well.  There's an included setup guide to get you going, but if you don't really understand what you're doing with any particular procedure then STOP and take it to a tech to show you.  No sense in ruining your guitar just to save a few bucks.                
Topnotch quality! No skimping here in the quality of the components. The cutters are plenty hefty to get the job done, the screwdriver has a strong feel to it, and the allen keys all seem sturdy enough. The flashlight is also very sturdy.                
If you were to buy all of these tools separately you'd spend a lot more money and a lot of time running to different stores to find what you needed (been there. done that.). So it's definitely a great value.                
This should be on every serious guitarist's must have list.                
I already had a toolbox filled with accumulated tools and odds and ends that I've picked up over the years.  But sometimes "more" means less. I could never seem to find the tool that I needed when I needed it. Now the most essential tools that I seem to use the most are in a nice compact case, ready to go.  It's also very portable, which means I can take it with me instead of having to randomly grab tools out of the toolbox, usually taking way more than I'll need "just to be safe".  Overall, a relatively inexpensive way to treat your guitar(s) right.                
This is a great little kit for somebody wants to get into fixing their own guitars up. I only have one complaint and that's the fact that the spring fell out of the string cutter.                
This has everything you need to work on & tune a Guitar & Bass !!                
Sweet kit for keeping guitar in top shape.                
These cutters work great. The design doesn't allow for a built in method of closing the cutters but if you just slip something over the closed handles that will work. I've used other ones in the past that don't cut guitar strings very well at all.                
This Kit has everything I need to take with me to gigs.
Just the right tools for all my guitars in a handy convenient carry pouch.
Don't have to go digging through my tool box searching for a tool at a gig.
Less time digging. 
More time gigging.                
Well, I got my stagehand kit and it looked great and had everything they said they would send, however, the first guitar I needed to adjust was a Fender Strat, and guess what? It didn't work. There is a hex wrench tip, but the handle gets in the way. I think maybe on some other guitars it may work fine, but I can tell you that if it won't work on one of the most owned guitars in the world, I have doubts.                
I purchased this 4-Bar flex to go with my 4-Bar Tri USB which I also purchased from zZounds.com It works great an overall great bar. I have not been disappointed with either of the 4-Bars by Chauvet and will be purchasing a third one from zZounds very soon. This is a great bar that works great and is bright. Looks great with haze and fog. If your looking for a lighting solution for your band these 4bars are the way to go.                 
Couldn't be happier with these lights! I bought 2 sets of these and used them for the first time on an outdoor stage shining onto the dance floor. These lights are very bright and very easy to set up. I already had the Gigbar IRC so the wireless remote worked with these lights as well and made it so easy to control them. Worth the money!                
great bag , good quality and keeps my Chauvet led lights well protected                
perfect size for my Chauvet EZ wedge tri                
Cool light. I use laser printer and transparency paper to make color logos for gigs. Bright than I expected but cheaply made for the price. CHAUVET and ADJ are far from top shelf though...                
Built like a tank and no cords. What's not to like?                
For a small stage or ambient wall lighting, they'll do well. There should, by now, be multiple or better placed IR sensors. It is highly impractical for there to only be one sensor, located on the lighting face.                
great product the only thing is that u have to plug a sigle outlet per cannon because will shut down your breakers                
Just received these today (bought 4), unboxed and hooked up. These lights are very bright, sound mode is very responsive, and nicely built. Only negative thing I could say about them is that there isn’t a protective cover over the front of the lights. Hopefully it won’t be an issue... You basically get multiple lights in one. Strobes are crazy!!!Will be using them this weekend. No controller, just master/slave sound mode.                
These thing will bring up your DJ or live show up a few notches! I bought it as a addition to my old lights and truss that is huge about 10ft wide and no movement just flash lighting since moving lights are so expensive I went with the Gigbar. I tried it at home loved it and decided to risk just using it as a primary...Did my first gig with it WOW lit up a 100 by 50 banquet room with a 20ft ceiling this thing was beautiful for now I am ok with one but seriously considering running 2! Buy it NOW you will not regret it!                
I ordered one of the original GigBar when they first come out, and loved it, I now have that one and one of the GigBar2, they have replaced my truss system and all the lights I had to put on and take off each event. These have made my life so much better and my back loves me for it.                
More than likely you have heard or seen the reviews on this light. As a buyer and a owner of this light i can say it's all true the great things you have heard. it will enhance any party or GIg you will have. You want a blue, red, amber, green, or white light show at the touch of a button this what you want. The quality on this light is spintacular, just be very careful with the antenna on the foot switch. zZounds is the best in pay as you play and shipping product. So again What Are You Waiting For? P.S. One other great thing about this GigBar 2 is the easy time to set up and break down. DJ Hammer                
I'm a mobile DJ so I am very dependent on time. This gig bar is an amazing all in one. Is it the most extravagant NO. It does offer the clients a great dance floor feel and once you truly master the ease of the already preset controls you can make the dance floor pop.
I have both the IRC model and the gig bar 2. I will say having these in master/slave is an amazing show. One drawback I have is the IRC does not have the UV so if I make the Gigbar2 the master then when it activates the UV nothing happens on the IRC model. So when I use them in master/slave I have to put the IRC as master which is no big deal. I just did a project graduation and with both of these as well as 20 up lights the stage and cafeteria looked great. Covered the whole floor perfectly.                
This is very good bar is amazing I've got nothing but compliments it feels large to medium size rooms and no problem. It is so easy to set up easy to use great functions I am nothing but impressed with what Chauvet has released with this great product. On top of that I found the item cheaper on another site and zZounds without any hesitation immediately offered me the price a little bit lower than the already lower price I found. It's a no-brainer to purchase from zZounds and to buy this complete all in one system.                
No sound but it can be setup for sound activation.                
For the price your not going to get a better lighting system. And after all the YouTube reviews, this is the most sought after lighting system for the mobile and in home DJ.                
Right out of the box setup is a breeze. All the programs will take a bit of learning but no problem. Even for those of us that are brand new to this.                
Well made, the cases that came with it are a major plus. And easy to transport for being mobile. Plug and play feature is really great.                
Not sure of the value. Not good at that type of thing. But for me on a payment plan from zZounds. It was well worth buying.                
Still waiting to hear back from them. The power cord supplied was way too short, factory goof up. Had to buy a longer one. And 1 of the cams was put on upside down.But so easy to fix.                
Have yet to try it out at a gig. But in my home it is a wow zee wow wow. LOL Wait till the sun goes down to get the true full effect.                
If your brand new to lighting as I am. Then this product is for you. Setup is so easy and interchanging the cams is a breeze. Price and zZounds.com make this a very good buy. Especially on their payment plan.                
This system works great for mobile DJ applications. I have two of these controlled by DMX and they'll cover an audience up to 200. I added some moving heads, and it's all I need! Makes setup and take down much quicker.
Would love to see a "GigBar Pro" with upgraded lights!                 
I'm a Mobile DJ and was originally looking for something with multiple lighting effects in a moderate-sized package. Only con I have is the sound activation. I wish there was a sound activated setting that takes out the strobes, as the strobes work almost too well. But this is nothing a DMX controller won't fix, which paired with an Obey 70 and an additional GigBar 2, this is a must for my setup. Also, I marked a 3 on the Manufacturer Support, as I have not had to deal with Chauvet at all, since the quality is fantastic.                 
This will wow your clients and friends socks off!  If you use them for a dance they make for a great and easy night. If you use them for a staged show the sequins and stones on a dress with light up beautifully.  So Far I'm in love with chauvet!                
This is a great package for the mobile DJ that doesn't want the hassle of programming DMX lighting, Lightbar is literally a LIGHT BAR as it isnt' heavy in the least. It goes up in a matter of seconds and the wireless remote and footswitch make it great to change up the lighting programs with ease. Footswitch however does feel like if you step a bit too heavy it could easily break ( I have a size 13 1/2 foot so this is a concern for me). All in all, GREAT unit for an amazing price.                
I am a new mobile DJ. This is a perfect set up with amazing mobility but more importantly it lights up with great effects a nice size room. The laser light is a bright two color red and green. The 4 strobes are fantastic and the pars and derby lights are great. It can be set up and taken down in minutes. This is a great set of lights that allows for growth when ready.                
N/A                
Wireless                
N/A                
Very Good Product                
Yes                
No feedback yet                
WOW WOW WOW                
Purchased this lighting system after reading a lot of reviews and watching u-tube demos. It is definitely a great system right out of the box. All wireless controls were included as well as carrying case and bag for stand. zZounds delivered it in two days as promised and I haven't had a problem with it.                
this light system yes is all in one very easy to set up very bright and comes with all you need to get started also it's a bang for the buck you have strobe, uv, pars,lazers all in one unit can not go wrong with this one here.                
What a great buy. I'm a mobile dj and this is perfect to move around from place to place and is really am all in one setup... lights are extremely bright and great effects. Right out the box ready to go..                
I have used the GigBar Flex at 6 events so far, and have had lots of compliments on how cool it looks!! Love the fact that I can mount it under my speaker using the SAME tripod!! I've also mounted it on a separate light stand. This light is super bright, fills up a good size room. Setup / teardown time is fast. Definitely worth the price!! Will be buying another soon!!                
I bought this for a wedding last year (yeah I procrastinated about posting a review) I bought it because it is portable, lightweight and easy to take from gig to gig. The ability to print Gobo's was a plus, but I have yet to have great success with my own printed gobo's. You are most likely better off getting them made as I found out. It could be that I didnt have a compatable printer, but it worked, ok.. not great but the client was happy. If you have metal ones made, it is an outstanding unit. works great, throws great light and its a great upsel. I charge $150-250 extra to have the gobo rental for a wedding with the custom made gobo. You really cant go wrong with this for small to medium even medium to large venues. I had an ROI on my 2nd gig with it.                
This haze machine will put out the haze. I've run it for a total of 12 hours between 2 gigs and I still have half a tank of fluid left! I keep it on time delay and it keep the haze in the air. I've run it on continuous for about 5 minutes and it was thick in the venue. The haze makes your lights pop and brings a whole new element to any lighting rig. Well worth the investment! It takes a while to warm up, but once its ready... watch out. I would suggest running it on a 5 minute delay.                 
Says it works up to 30 ft away thats not true , 10 ft if that ,,have several fixtures and operates all the same distance,,returned first remote thought it might be defective but 2nd remote did same thing ,,ok for house parties but for a small gigs it not worth it                
This is a very nice mirror ball simulator with high-power, quad-color LEDs.  You can set up to whichever speed you require, along with 3 LED zones emitting up to 3 different colors simultaneously.  Another bonus with this product is the 100-240hz rating.  I work worldwide, so this is very important.  It comes with a bracket for mounting and you can save time running cables and extension cords by power linking multiple units. No remote necessary, but it’s optional for an additional price.                
I must say  that this laser was worth the money.  well built, trusted company, 2year warranty, great visuals..  i cant find anything negative.  goes on stage with us this july 4th!.                  
This Lazer is one of the strongest lights i have ... I have over 40 lights in my show and this outshines them all and makes my light show extra nice :-)... if you're looking for the best light especially with this price I suggest get a few of these you won't ever regret it...                
i love using this laser. it has some really cool air effects when you mix it with fog. i loved it so much i bought 2.                
We bought two of these . Very cool . Deffinately brought the light show  up a few notches.    It would be nice to be able to get affordable RED or BLUE versions .                
Very well made light! This is an awesome light for the money so I got two of them...                
I was very skeptical because when I first tested this fixture I was at a very small bar, however, when I took it to a nice size hall this one light was amazing even with the hall's bright lights being on. When they finally turned the lights off---OMG and I used no smoke I could just imagine if I used my Chauvet Mist machine this light would have been even more outstanding...I say its a must buy.                
Originally, I bought a couple of these for my cover band but found they were a little hard to control while I was playing. I've since added them to my DJ Rig and Wow!, They really are the professional touch I needed. They sit on the same poles as a couple of Chauvet 4Bar Flex's I purchased earlier and since I bought Two, they qualified for zZounds Payment plan! I paid for both of them with my first DJ Gig!!                
I bought one of these brand new for $225. Right out of the box, I was highly impressed! It has some very neat capabilities in its pre programmed shows. I still use it pretty regularly in my DJ gigs. Only problem (and it has been a big one at times) is that not long after I had gotten it, might've used it 6 times, one of the motors inside it quit working. So I stil have the lights showing, but no motor to make them spin. Not sure if motor actually went out or if it's just freezing up?? It works sometimes and others, it doesn't. Not a good look for being in middle of show, using DMX, and you click your next light show step and boom, the light freezes. It even does it when it isn't connected to DMX. I'm giving it A slightly lower rating for how quickly it tore up, but still has awesome potential.                
Bought 2 of these to check them out for my Truss system & let me tell you, these little guys put out PLENTY of light.Great buy for the price. zZounds ship these out the next day..I do believe we will NOT be buying from any other company, only from zZounds.                
i bought this amp to replace a cheap gem sounds 1000 amp and i'm extremely impressed with the difference in power and sound quality. i bought it to power a set of peavey  sp 5g 15 inch tops and it does a great job i couldn't have asked for better sound, power and price.                  
The Crown XLI Amplifier in my opinion is one of the best sounding power amps for that kind of money. Don't take my word for it; just read as much information as you can on Crown power amps and you will find that they are in fact the best. Here is some inside information that you will not read anywhere. I am a retired engineer out of NASA and worked on non retrievable spacecraft all my life. In this business we have what you call a (acoustic sound test) for every spacecraft. All the acoustic sound testing was performed by Crown power amps. Hope this will help people understand that Crown amps are in a class of there own.                
I use this amp to power two RBH 4 ohm passive subs. While setting the sub max volume setting in the receiver, it requires one to push the subs to the point of distortion, then set the max just below. I could never reach the point of distortion. Every door, wall, window,cabinet, subfloor etc seemed to come alive as the twin subs hit their stride. The cone movement was tremendous. When I glanced down, the clip indicators remained quiet. The Crown amp and the subs still had some gas in the tank. The sheer power on display was sort of frightening. Any more volume and I may be hanging new Wall board. The depth and power of the sonic waves could only come from an amp with real nuts to it. They went right through your body. 
I learned a few things. Two of these RBH subs for my room size is silly, and the Crown 1500 is overkill. I will never tax this amp. How do they do it for 299.00???                
I love this amp. I'm a person who looks for great, realistic sound, life like. This amp and a BBE Sonic Maximizer, two old school 15" Super Pro Woofers, two 8" Selenium JBL speakers and a couple Klipsch Heresy tweeters in two large speaker boxes on wheels. Sounds awesome and gives a memorable listening experience! This amp is clean. It is quiet when nothing is playing. I would highly recommend this amp. It's heavy, which to me means quality as Crown is known for.     I also like that the only difference between this one and the other LXI models is the wattage. All the LXI models have the same specs as the one I bought, such as THD. To me, this means quality going in, all the same in quality specs, no matter what wattage you order.                
I have been using a Hafler XL-280 to power my two RBH 1010-sen subs. It is a bit light for the job at 200 watts @ 4 ohm, and cooks in my cabinet. Sub amps run up to 1k or more, and I would need two to drive four 10” reference class speakers. 
When I started looking at the specs for this amp, it matched my subs power requirement perfectly. I know what quality power sounds like, and does this amp ever deliver. The sub drivers reach max excursion with power to spare. You feel them as much as hear them. 
I did have a ground loop issue to solve but it was straightforward to fix. I hear no fan noise and it’s cool to the touch. I plays nice with my pioneer Elite 59txi. The power led died in one day, but amp functions fine. 
Love the experience with the crown amp I would suggest that everyone should own one                
This amp is amazing, deliveries a crystal clear sound for my gemini dual 15" , I put them with a pair or jr earthquakes (cerwin vega) and the sound is amazing.                 
This amp makes my speakers very happy                
Purchased this amp to replace my old CS1000. CS just did not have enough to properly drive my DJS4's, but boy does this amp. I never need to go above 1/4 gain to drive the mains well. Will be picking up 2 more of these in the near future when I expand the system.                
This thing rocks....I tried a digital Class D amp and was not impressed.  Returned if for the Crown XLI3500.  Rich thick sound that brings your speakers alive.  Its the real deal.                
I bought this amp on the play as you pay plan. I'm glad I did. I'm a 39 yr entertainer. I've dealt a lot with peavey amps. Not because of sound. But they are so reliable. I've also owned some behringer. They are good amps. But they overstate the specs. This amp is the best I've owned. It has power to spare. Looks good on my rack. And it sounds better than any amp I've heard. Until now I thought amps were just a power source. Now I realize that it has a profound effect on the way my music sounds. Bass is punchier, mids are clean and highs are crisp. You can buy cheaper amp. But for under $700. This amp can't be beat......BUY IT You'll love it. I havent needed tech support yet. Its ease of use is why. I don't need dps. I prefer my own separate xover and eq.                
We used this amplifier for our Easter concert outside in front of our church Packsaddle Fellowship. We were driving my Cerwin-Vega PB-18B Boxes. There were 15 singers, 3 keyboards, my 100 Watt Marshall half stack and another guitarist through a Fender amp and Bass and drums. The sound was crystal clear and beautifully loud enough to be well projected to the entire area. We had the XLI at just about 50% OF MAX. We had many people there and the comments on the mix and the sound were all extremely positive, even from very well trained ears. THANK YOU,  ZZOUNDS FOR MAKING THIS POSSIBLE! Thanks be to God for this blessing.                
The sound is awsome, response is excellent to any music style. Just hook it up right, and you will enjoy everything.                
Crown Thought of everything needed to use this amp with. guitars, bass, flangers, sustains, overdrive units. Selection was great.                
Better than crest, qsc, etc. The amp works great and well with any other product. Very playable, fun to operate. Nice bright crown power on light.                
Yes. it is well build and sturdy. With Crown products you rely on high quality sound and features. Crown is the "King" of musical thinking.                
Absolutely, You will waste your time and energy trying to prove it otherwise.                
Yes, Crown is always extremely supportive, friendly with any issue their product owner has. I had no problems. Not with Crown.                 
Looks wonderful in your rack. Anyone would want this amp if they love power music. You can't make much good music without it.. Ya Know!                
This amp is a great value, has plenty of power to service all applications. Crown has giving us music lovers an amp that can provide 1000 watts per channel of pure power. 43 pounds is easy to transport for touring. It stays extremely cool and lets you know when you are getting stupid trying to overdrive it. Everyone, get this amp for all your musical needs.                
This crown amp brings out details in instruments that other amps in it's price range or in some cases twice it's price range could not touch.Great amp would recommend to anyone that does not need dsp.                
It has a input sensitivity switch that is real helpful if your running it through a receiver.                
Plug and play                
Construction seems solid after all it weighs 43lbs.                
Hard to beat.                
Hope i do not need any.                
No i would not want this if i could not use it to make music.                
Now that i have used this amp for 3 months i can tell people a little bit about it.First,i own several amps so that should give my opinion a little credibility.This crown brings out the details so each instrument  can articulate it's exact sound right down to the minute details it really is that good across the 20hz-20khz spectrum.As far as power it is rated at khz rather than hz so don't be deceived thinking it has more power than it does.I have a amp that is rated at 1100 watts hz per channel at 4 ohms and it has a little more power than this crown rated at 1350 khz per channel at 4 ohms.That being said this amp has enough power to drive most speakers except big subs and a person would be hard pressed to find a amp that sounds this good in it's price point excellent job harman engineers.Also i want to give a big shout out to zz their play as you pay option is awsome takes away alot of stress when buying new gear,so thanks zz.                
I wanted to get an inexpensive, high-current amplifier and I needed it quickly for the Magneplanar MMGs I ordered for my birthday in April 2016. I've been driving the Maggies with the xli 800 through a vintage Rotel pre-amp and he music sounds fantastic. Even at 300 watts/ch into 4 ohms, the clipping lights would come on occasionally while playing Comfortably Numb by Pink Floyd at moderately loud volumes. The cooling fans were in full mode after the song ended. Solid amp for the price. I highly recommend if you don't want to spend 1K and over for the exotics.                
I purchased this Crown Amp for my bands monitor system. I was a bit worried about this new line made in China.  The amp came and is well built, It sounds very clean , and a definite upgrade to our monitor system.  We have only used on a few gigs, but so far, so good.  Cant beat the price of 199.00 for zZounds my favorite music online store. The no interest pay as you play has allowed me to purchase a lot of badly needed gear over the last 4 years.  Keep up the good work zzounds !                
Sturdy, powerful and crisp amp. 
Wouldn't expect anything less from crown.                
I bought this mainly for the highs, been using it every week end, at first I was kind of doughtfull about this line or model (was more used to MACROS and MICROS from CROWN) as of now I haven't had any trouble with it, does not get hot, does not clip, now planning to get the 2500 for the mids ..........                
Having been a road engineer & house engineer at some of NY's best known venues, I can say without hesitation that even though I has somewhat skeptical
of the new gen. Cjinese-manufactured Crowns, the XLi series has performed remarkably well.
Excellent reproduction, major output (into 8ohm Polk speakers, cool running and all the sonic & functional protection needed.
Trying to hunt down a 60hz hum, I contacted Crown support. The tech spent 10 minutes talking to me. It was traced down to an old wiring system with a "sketchie" ground. Grounding the Crown to the pre solved the problem.                
Having been a road engineer & house engineer at some of NY's best know venues, I can say without hesitation that even though I has somewhat skeptical
of the new gen. Cjinese-manufactured Crowns, the XLi series has performed remarkably well.
Excellent reproduction, major output (into 8ohm Polk speakers, cool running and all the sonic & functional protection needed.
Trying to hunt down a 60hz hum, I contacted Crown support. The tech spent 10 minutes talking to me. It was traced down to an old wiring system with a "sketchie" ground. Grounding the Crown to the pre solved the problem.                
Bought this from zZounds about a year ago to power my bass guitar rig. Using an Eden preamp DI pedal, into this crown power amp, Bridged mode, 1100 watts @ 4 ohms, into my Ampeg SVT HLF 410. Also hooked up in stereo to see how it would power 2 svt cabs. Sounds great either way! This amp is a beast! Love this amp! Haven't had one problem with it. Can't beat the price either!                
I ordered this for my Bass rig. Once I hooked it up and played on it I knew I made the right decision. My rig shakes the house and the Highs shatters ears. If you are looking for pure power and in a small space this is the unit for you.                
Our church bought this amp to replace a old Peavey that had a noisy cooling fan that kicked in at all the wrong times.  This Crown amp is powerful, light weight and quiet.  what else could you want?                
First off I'm a budget-fi enthusiast not a professional sound guy and have built some great systems over the years. I've been away from the hobby for quite a few years as I was raising a family. I loved building stereo systems on the cheap then watching the color drain from friends faces as my second hand gear walks all over their system costing many times the price. Recently I decided to put a home theater in the basement with an emphasis on music. After reading many reviews I purchased a marantz sr6009 "refurbished" and a pair of JBL J7's "wow what a pair of speakers". I was extremely impressed with the sound from the marantz but I found it lacking in power. 110 "2015" Watts is not the same as 110 "1975" Watts for sure. The JBL's are rated at 450 Watts 6ohms, pretty hard to drive for the marantz. I decided I needed a high current amp to make em sing. I have been reading about class d amps for there efficient, low power, cool operation. I had a pair of Krell mono blocks that would run you out of the room with the heat they produced and would give you that sinking feeling like you left the iron on if you forgot to shut them down. My only concern was early reviews of class d amps being harsh and lifeless. After a lengthy search I stumbled upon the crown xls series amps and at the price point they are offered at I pulled the trigger and ordered a 1502. The Crown definitely gave the JBLs the juice they craved. The highs were great, the mids were great and the lows were tight, punchy and accurate. The amp delivers a very good sound stage, basically it gives you everything you had before just more of it. One thing it didn't do was add that little extra, that little extra that leaves you with a tear rolling down the cheek as you say "WOW" under you breath. So again to eBay I go, I then purchased a Yaqin tube buffer with a set of National Union 6sn7 tubes. All I can say is that I now live in the promised land, I let the tubes warm up and put in "Dark Side of the Moon" always the first. My first impression was jaw dropping. The highs, oh the highs! So airy and precise. The mids are like Irish butter, rich and smooth. The lows suffered a little from the tubes but was still great just not as tight. As for the sound stage .... Holly cow! Notes fly around my head like I'm in a tsunami of sound. This is the most holographic sound I have ever heard other than a tube amped full range speaker set up I had years ago, that system would throw sound behind you, listening at home alone, hearing footsteps behind you really freaks me out. My conclusion is that this is a great amp, especially if you have a finished basement and have limited power available. My power conditioner has a amp meter and has never passed 2 amps. It runs cool to the touch, the fan has never come on to my knowledge. What you put in to this amp is what you get out of it, but if you put some really great stuff in the Crown will reward you in spades. A well known audiophile wrote in a review that he now uses a Crown xls as his reference amp and after my experience I believe him. Now for another one to bi-amp the J7s, it never ends my friends once one has the bug. Oh, and yes the sound did leave me in tears of joy.                
I purchased this amp to drive a pair of CV XLS-12 cabinets. Wow, the amplifier performs flawlessly, is ultra clean, and has no heat issues. I love the built in features. I drive it hard, and it keeps the music going nonstop. Very pleased with the amplifier, solid quality from Crown! I would definitely purchase another one in the future if the need arises.                
This amp is by far superior for my needs. 3 weeks after  purchases I connected  this amp to my mid range 500 watts cubes and played at half way up for 4 hrs and it ran like a beast  and did not heat up or clip. Truly  recommend this amp                 
I'm running this amp mono on a Peavey 18" subwoofer and plan to add another one soon. It replaced a Behringer KM750 as it didn't have quite enough power (750 Watts Mono) and would clip just when it started sounding good. This amp does have more power for sure. It really rocks this sub. I'm sure when I add the second one and take it to 4 Ohms mono, it'll really pound.                 
Holey heck! I just upgraded from the XLS2002 model which is the model down from this one and OMG, this thing pumps so hard. Much harder than the 2002. I have it running two Peavey passive 18" subs into a 4 ohm mono load. It drives them until they can pump any harder. Never clips. AWESOME!!!                
This product is just what i needed to power side fill monitors. More than enough power @ 8ohms 2400 watts. I recommend this power amp, you wont be disappointed.                
Short answer: Buy the Crown XLS2502 Drive Core 2 amp!
Long answer:
Setup:
Receiver: Pioneer VSX-1101 (I am upgrading this to an Onkyo)
External power amp: Crown XLS2502 Drive Core 2
Speakers: (2) Cerwin Vega XLS-12, Cerwin Vega XLS-15S (powered sub), Cerwin Vega XLS 6C (center channel)
Assumption: Crown amp driving the floor standing Cerwin Vega XLS-12 (3 way, 12” floor standing speakers).  
I had bought the Cerwin Vega XLS-12 that was first driven by the Pioneer receiver alone.  It sounded good however at loud volumes, around 90 volume level on the receiver, it became very, very distorted.  Sounded awful and was very disappointment.  The speakers needed lots of power.  So after much research I settled for the Crown XLS2502.  WOW!
I honestly do not know how loud can my system can go now.  It is so clear at LOUD volume.  ZERO DISOTRAION at any volume level.  I had no idea that the speakers were that under powered by the receiver.  When you hear your speakers cracking with distortion they are under powered, not because it’s too loud.  
My system at low-medium volume level sound good, but when cracked up to 90 they sound great.  Lots of bass, extreme clear vocals from the mids and crisp highs from the tweeters.  The Crown amp and Cerwin Vega XLS-12 are the best purchase I have ever made.  My house is ready for a real party now.  Sorry neighbors my house rivals most clubs.                
I own 2 of these amps I run them in bridged mono 1400w per channel I use them to power (2) pair Cerwin Vega VS 12" 3-way Tower speakers. Behringer Mixer runs the show. I am very pleased with them extremely clean sound. I DON'T hear any rattling as mentioned in other reviews and the Bass def drops big time. Only thing that I don't like is the fan noise but the music at high levels i don't hear it. So doesn't bother me cooler amps stay the better so be it.                  
I actually had purchased this power amp and used it to power my bass guitar rig. I must say that it sounded FAB-O'-Licious!! (fabulous mixed with delicious) 8)

I use an SWR (vintage) Grand Prix preamp and the sound that comes out of my 410 and 115 sounds like a cross between SWR and Ampeg. It is a beautiful blend and couldn't ask for anything better!

Only problem is... 

it had mechanical vibration and rattling within the amp itself. Also, when the fan comes on, it is a little too loud and whines in high pitch.

These are the two issues that made me return it. I even tried putting an isolation pad between my rack and the 410 cab, but it only helped a smidgen. 

I also owned a Crown XLS1500 that was worse than this one!                
Love the DSP and all the features it has to make it sound the best it could be.

It doesn't have a speakon connection for bridging. You must re-wire one of your speakon cables going into your first cab. It's all on the Crown website.

You can also simply purchase a banana connector to speakon. I did this. Works great!                
The DSP software takes some learning and experimentation... but I seemed to catch on quick. Although I did call Crown for some insight. otherwise, it's very easy to use. You can simply connect and play and not bother with the DSP features if you so choose.                
The case is really nice and dark grey. Looked great in my rack! But it comes back to the innards and the issues described above.

If it weren't for the two issues I had listed, this would have been a keeper!                
There again, if it weren't for the two issues, this would be the best buy on the market in my opinion.                
They do try to help you with what ever they can over the phone, but when I called in to ask them about the two issues I ran into, they told me that they had put a lot of time into the testing of this amp and said there is no way that I could be having those issues. Because of their denial, I rate them a 9 out of 10.                 
FIXED!!                
Overall, a great sounding amp! Lots of power. Get rid of the mechanical rattle and replace the cooling fan with a quieter one and it would be a Keeper!!                
  Within 2 minutes of un packing I could feel that it was VERY POOR QUALITY. Just the feel in your hands and you know it's made in China. 
   The chassie is so thin & flimsy it's emberassing. Tapping it with your finger & it rattles like crazy. No way you can trust this on the road. The fan sounds like a jet engine and that was after playing bass for 60 seconds.
     The tone was good and I havn't tried any of the DSP modes yet.  I can't say the sound is good enough to overlook the awfull quality of construction.
    Also the banana jacks are terrible. Press in from the top? Believe me this is a corner that was cut by China. I don't believe Crown would design it this way. 
   I'm VERY upset with this purchase................                
This power amp is impressive and a must have for any DJ looking to push some real Bass sound to their system. It has different pre-set up features that are awesome and easy to understand. zZounds made it even easier with the fast and friendly service.                
I was a little skeptical of purchasing a set of these being that I could find any other reviews of them online.  I’m getting back into mobile DJing and they fit my budget and needs so I took a chance on them.
Both arrived in perfect condition.The DSP is easy to use and makes getting both speakers set to the same level very simple (no guesstimating that the bass or treble levels are the same).  I have yet to open them up to full volume as I’m still breaking them in, but what I have heard is incredible.  Bass can be punchy, or full sounding depending on dsp setting.  Crisp, clear highs and mids.  A really well balanced speaker.  
The handles are rubberized, so they’re easy to grip.  The polymer cabinets help save on weight, and don’t seem to scratch super easily.  The full grill is nice, and made of steel (stuck a magnet to it).  There is a screw to tighten the speaker to a stand, hidden behind the bottom handle.  The “Cerwin-Vega” logo on the front is a dull black color, not a bright silver like I thought it was going to be (which made me really happy thought I was going to have to paint it).
I’m waiting for my two CVE18S subs to come in, and once they do I’ll give a further review on both.  I’m really imspressed with everything I’ve seen from them so far and really looking forward to gigging with them.                  
I ordered two of these subs, and two of the matching CVE12 tops. Tops shipped immediately. Subs were on backorder and took a month to get the first one and im still waiting on the second. The one I do have sounds GREAT.DSP is pretty straight forward, handles are easy to grab onto, and its actually surprisingly lite for being an 18" sub. Im really looking forward to cranking these up at some upcoming gigs. No wobble or play in the top mole mount. Puts out nice rich, room filling bass, and gets a lot lower than other subs I've heard. Cant go wrong with these. Great pricing for entry level DJ's, or even seasoned event DJs like myself.One note, despite the extensive packaging, there is a small cracked spot on mine just below the grill. It doesnt have any play in it, and only appears to be a slight cosmetic defect. I dabbed it with a paint pen and you cant even tell it was there.                
Great sub had it for 6 months and still bumping strong.                 
The CVi-118S sounds just fine and definitely delivers what is needed to fill in the low end.  They may not have the punch or clarity of a much larger cabinet, but the reasonable cost and convenient size trumps what little may be lost by using a compact cabinet.                
Two each of both Speakon and 1/4" inputs, no worries hooking up to these subs in any situation.                
These CVi-118S subs are the perfect size for a small gigging band.  They are light and compact enough to carry around easily, and don't take up too much space in the back of the truck.  But at the same time they are rugged and heavy enough to pole mount my SP2s over them, I couldn't be happier!                
The CVi-118S subs are well built.  I've had these subs a few months now, looks like they're going to last a good long while. They still look new, no indication of wear yet.                
The CVi-118S subs are reasonably priced, and well worth it!   zZounds shipping cost was next to nothing, made the purchase an even better value.                 
I've had no reason to contact Cerwin Vega.  They've been around forever, I can't imagine there would be any problems if I did have to reach them.                
The Wow Factor would be how compact the cabinet is for a rugged, well built 18" sub.  Great looking subs too!                
Wish I had bought these years ago!  My old subs were literally twice the size and not much fun to move around.                
these subs are outstanding, lound thundering bass, exactly what i was looking for, i listen to a lot of musinc with heavy bass in it, what a great add to my existing system.                
Earth shaking, window cracking bass!

Do I need to say more?

I connected one of these to a Crown XLS 802 mono bridged, and the bass is so loud and punchy that my hole house shakes.                
1/4" input, 1/4" trough; Speakon input, Speakon trough, connections.                 
Plug in and done, not easy to move, it weight 80lbs.                
I gave it a nine because, there was sawdust and a small plastic bag that came out when testing.                  
Best sound and quality for your buck.                 
The red suspension material makes it look good in contract with the black cone and cabinet, looks good.                
Not my first experience with Cerwin Vega subs, I have them on my car stereo and that's why I decided to buy this one, and expect to last for a long time as the others have.                
I bought 2 of these and a Crown XLS 1000 amp. The amp is a lil under power but it will do the job untill i get another amp. I was frustrated that they didn't come with Specon Cables but i was able to find someone to make me a pair. I got them hooked up and tuned the amp to the setting i need and they THUMPED.. I had a guy from 2 blocks down tell me he could hear the bass in his house.. I was vary proud. The true test will come this weekend when i do my show but from where they sat in the middle of my garage, they sounded amazing. I would recomend these to anyone that is looking to upgrade or add to thier set up.                 
These are excellent for this price I am very happy with the low end these put out. Very happy I picked these. If you need some excellent subs and are on a budget these are it.                
As expected, this baby does the job. I bought 2 and wired them parallel and bridged my amp. Unbelieavable! I'm very pleased with my purchase and couldn't have done it without the Easy Pay.                 
Just recently had some friends over. Outside in yard the Subwoofer puts out a lot of bass. I love it. Will purchase another soon.                
These units have crisp and subtle mids with punchy and non-irritating lows (no brain rattle).  At louder volumes, highs are not overpowered by lows. These sound great across all music genres.                 
These are plug and play units. The best feature is they played right out of the box and and are still playing.                
Simple. Plug, Love Repeat                
Units are solid. Units need cover protectors for road use.                 
These are a little pricey for non-powered units, but are well worth the price.                 
I have not had the pleasure of working with customer support, which is a great feature.                
These look classy in appearance and do not overpower the eyes in high light venues, they blend well in low light settings and sound outstanding.                 
These are solid units overall. The sound is crisp on High and MId-range when used with a powered sub and no additional sound filter (EQs, Range expander, ect...). 
When played alone (amp only) they sound well rounded and full.                 
This sub is very well made and appears to be road worthy. It is very heavy as would be expected with anything housing two 18" subs.  It is a great looking speaker and I receive a lot of comments about its looks and sound.
It does not reproduce the very low notes but does pound with authority without over heating the drivers.  I have been using one and am planning on buying another one soon.                
Excellent sounding subs with big sound for the price. the twin 18" subs move a ton of air making the bass big and bold. it has bolts and mounting brackets already in place for 3" casters. the only draw back that I can say is it doesn't reproduce the super low bass notes that hip-hop, Rap and Dub step DJ's would like, but in large live sound settings, these are amazing with very tight Kicks and smooth Bass guitar rumbling through.                 
If your in a band, you might want to put your lips to a set of theses if your looking for new speakers, i have a line 6 floor pod, and run vocals too, they are really clear, i have to adjust my tone a little bit on the pod, other wise you you will a hum out of them, No big deal, i drive them with a 800 watt head,so i am not even geting close's  to the power rating,,I have had Cerwin Vega before and still do, for my 1000 watt stereo i think there about 25 years old, and still rock"n, and the twin 15 in these speakers WOW ,  All i can say is,, ck them out,, And by the way, there about a 100 # lb a piece ,, but they did put a handle on side of them, still , it would be nice if they put a wheel set on them, hint, hint, there a tank, BUT THEY ROCK,  P,S  THANK YOU  ZZOUNDS you guys are GREAT,                
I bought two of these for a party I had to go with my sub and to make my home stereo system kick-butt.
Mission Accomplished.
They definitely have the aesthetic factor as well, very clean and professional looking speakers. 
For being on the lower scale of high end speakers, these bad boys deliver.                
clean sound from Glen miller to Rush and Eminem sound great! power by nu6000dsp
Took a chance and bought these. There were no reviews and I’m not sure why. I push and push these things and they’re always crisp and clear. Great quality speakers!                
I've only had mine for 1 day. The moment I turned it on I felt and heard the difference. This single 18 might have more bang then 2 of my QSC KW 181's Thinking about selling my 2 QSC KW181's and buying 2 more of these. I have a big gig next week. Let's see how these hold up before I do that                
These subs are good but couldn't keep up with my QSC KW181's. The CV's would be better for indoor applications. I do more outdoor gigs and the QSC have a much longer reach and the CV's drop off drastically and if I try to have them keep up with the QSC they start clipping. I'm getting more QSC KW181's                 
These subs are really good and loud...they def go lower than the KW181 @ 100Hz crossover.I use them with a pair of RCF HD12-A in crossover mode.At very high volumes when i use just one, the limit light will come on as expected which is fine. Just don't let it stay on solid.blinking limit light every now and then is perfectly fine and i play that way all night...bass output is deep as the specs show. The reason some say the QSC go louder is because QSC are better at higher frequencies 50-120hz range and fall off below that.However the cerwin vega sounds deep because it goes lower in 35-80 range.Lower is what you want in a sub.When I use two, things are easier and no limit lights.....If you have a van or truck,go for the 21" CVX...sounds as deep as two dual 18"...i'm very impressed.The wheels make moving this sub easy....the tour grade finish is excellent and grill is solid.Cerwin Vega is back with this sub.Only downside is no delay settings like the RCF SUB 8003-AS II or newer JBL SRX                
I am so so glad I bought this subwoofer I use it in my 7.1 home theater set up and I mean this thing ROCKS ROCKS ROCKS. I am a BASS JUNKIE and this sub delivers                 
This sub carries the low notes nice and smooth.I paired it with the powered Yamaha 18 and the combo sounds amazing.Cant wait to get another one of each.I run them in my dj setup with two passive crewing vega 2 15 and horns.Kicks Ass!                
I have owned this sub for almost a year now and it is awesome! super clean sound all the way to the limit and this thing pounds. I have played all genres of music and it all sounds great.  while i havent done a side by side comparison i have heard kw181's before and the cvxl edges it out. the tour finish is super durable i dont have any scratches in it and it still looks and sounds brand new! i use this in my basement when im not playing shows and it sounds and feels like main stage festival level of bass. i am actually considering buying a smaller sub to use in my house as my neighbors are not big fans of the cvxl line of subs to say the least lol. it sounds super clean at low volume as well but the fact it goes so low 35hz means that even at low volumes my neighbors say the feel and hear stuff rattling softly in their houses. 
I can fit it in the back  of my toyota camry, but you will need to be pretty strong to do so as you cant really get any help fitting in the back seat. Im a big guy and can pick it up and walk with it but i try to avoid it as it is a beast. 
the castor wheels are awesome and i dont have any vibration problems. when i rented kw181's once the wheels vibrated and made an audible sound. i ended up stuffing paper towels in the gap and it fixed it. now that was rental equipment so that couldve been the reason but the wheels on the cvxl dont make any vibrations while its playing
the one thing i would change is the handles are oriented to pick it up when its laying flat. the handles are cutout nicely to lift it with two people but it doesnt fit through doorways unless its standing up vertically like when its resting on the wheels. i find myself rolling it along and having to pick it up vertically and set it back down and the handles are not facing the right way. this is only a minor detail and it isnt hard to move around especially if you have help. 
note there is about a 5 second delay when you flip the switch to when the unit is actually on. you will hear a very quite pop. make sure to wait til you hear the speaker turn on before switching on your mains if you are using the subwoofer outputs or your mains will pop pretty loudly. 
overall this speaker blew me away I have not regretted buying it for one second. If i ever decide to get a second sub I will definitely be getting another                 
This speakers will blow your mind if you know how to use them. They are great made, super resistant. I have 4 of this speakers an im really impressed what they can do. If you are thinking on buying speakers for indoor and outdoor. This is the deal. You can setup this speakers in a outside event, you will hear clear and loud sound miles away. No lie...
Cerwin-vega made exelent work                 
This is a true double 18 subwoofer its a room shaken window braken all the way to the back of any large event church, out door no matter what event the bass will be felt its a true concert sound sub its heavy of course but it will get the job done right i didnt have to trun it up but halfway for a room of 245 or less its a perfect match for my Yamaha dsr 115                 
If you are looking the perfect punch at a low price this is the deal. Cerwin-vega did a great job on the design and build of this awesome subwoofer. You will be impressed what this speakers can do. The punch will be heard and fill to the back row of your event.                 
Excelente subs really nice subs bought 4of these wooooow these sub are just awesome love the way they sound just amazing thank you zZounds.                 
I purchased this tool for a Church! It has single-handedly changed the dynamic of the worship experience, by adding depth to every aspect of sound reinforcement. Vocals are clearer, and instruments are distinct. This is engineering genius despite the size and weight. No Regrets With This Purchase.                
I have to say for the first review I have to say that this speaker Rocks just like the old school Earthquakes this Powered version is totally awesome.                
As a Veteran Recording Artist,I can say with confidence: "This Cerwin Vega EL-36DP subwoofer& competitor's alike,are a must in any and all Pro-Audio presentationsaka Live Sound Re-Enforcement.No subwoofer? No Life!A Live Show can live or die by the subwooferorthe lack thereof. If You're seriously invested in Live Sound? Look No Further. Moreover,if You're converting that basement or spare roominto a "true Cinema"? Don't mess around with subs for consumers Hi-Hi.Mess around with these instead! Their cost is in the same ballpark too. But, the sound is the real deal. 1 of these upfront & 1 of these in the rear, You're covered! No consumer brand subwoofer can compete with these"real" subwoofers. Just look at their construction? Can You imagine 2 of these in stereo upfront,one upfront for the .1 channel&2 in the rear for the IMAX style presentation. LOOKOUT!
Get this? Cerwin Vega also makes smaller professional subs as well, so we can buy multiples to achieve concert& IMAX sound without going broke.Have you ever compared the price for home theater subs vs thesepro subs? Let's be real ok? If You're converting the basement into a real Cinema? Then You gotta budget for Pro-Sound re-enforcement & addat least 1 of these pro-subs to Your sound system. You will not believe the difference in the "tactile sound"coming from Your new theater! I know for a fact, as a life long musician having workedinfront of & behind the recording consoles, "Professional PA Speaker will eliminate the competition! "Get this?Most basements converted to Home Theaters, already use individual,mono block amps, like we do in concerts and Commercial Cinemas. Example:Look on YouTube. You'll see Home Theater owners using Crown Amps to powertheir equipment while their subwoofers are left to try and keep upwith their builtin amps hence the title "Powered Subwoofer.
"Now Look?Any powered subwoofer trying to keep up with speakers powered bycommercial strength amplifiers are outgunned!If one is going to use real amps to power their other speakers,why wouldn't You buy subs like this + the ampsand do it right? The cost is the same. Might be even cheaper in the long run. In My 25 or more years of Music & Home Theaterexperience, I've learned that these commercial subspowered by, lets say, cheap crown amps, will blow the doorsoff the Theater and the consumer subwoofer competition. Don't get me wrong though.In a livingroom style Home Theater, these Commercial subsare overkill & this is where the consumer subs will conquer.Conclusion:1. Building a "real" Theater in a Basement or 20x20 ft spare room?Cerwin Vega EL-36DP subs or their passive counterpartswith external amps are the "proper" way to go.2. Using Your frontroom as the Home Theater calls forconsumer grade powered subwoofers.Well, that's it!Did I tire ya' out?~ peace                
Bought two of these subwoofers for my church after renting another brand to see if the addition of them to our sound would warrant the purchase. Rented ones sounded good so after listening to Peavy, Harbinger, and JBL at a well known chain store, I decided to try a long time known quality speaker maker without hearing them. zZounds has 30 day return, chain store no return. These speakers are great. I really like the quality construction and sound and the price was in our budget. Ordered them on Monday AM and got them the following Thursday PM at my door! running them on a Crown XLS1000 in crossover mode, able to hear and feel the bass guitar and kick drum. No problems so I haven't had to contact zZounds or Cerwin.                
Bought this on the 4 month payment plan.  Great buy.  This subwoofer has a really massive sound.                  
As a MUSICIAN 1st & HOME THEATER FAN 2nd ..
I owned B&W PA Speakers that looked alot alike these
but were light years better for Live Music reinforcement.
I could torture those at 118 db all night long!
Now, from what I am seeing here from current buyers,
these CV's are fragile to real PA use.
"But don't throw the baby out with the bath water!"
I believe the would be excellent, front L-R speakers
for the serious Home Theater, such as: .....
Basement Theaters
The Newly Designed "Box Theaters" (Not the cheap HTIB's)
or
the spare room turned into a Home Cinema.
I say this because,
these CV's are power houses for long throw needs.
3 of these for the front channels in a Home Theater
would be unbeatable!
You'd still want to supplement these with the CV 15"
passive subwoofer & power it with a 500 watt crown amp.
Then hang 4, high grade, 2 way, horn loaded, surround
speakers for the side and rear of the room.
This would be a TRUE Cinema sound system that will
make you forget you're at home.
My opinion, is these will never fail in Home Theater use
& will put that
"Oh Yeah!"
smile on your face when that 1st action scene
explodes on your big screen.
Providing you've got 10 feet between you & these speakers.
Their sensitivity means,
a 100 watt per channel surround sound AV Receiver
will power them up nicely.
This is the way I'd go, if, I were making a Home Theater
in my Large Spare Room, Basement or Garage.
Oh, they'd look threatening too!
The guys would be over constantly for beers
& an Action flick.
 ~ peace
Kinda disapointed tweeters were supposed to be self repairing but i now have to replace them for the 2nd time and now the mid/ woofers are sounding rough and i only use them for residential use should have went with something else for the $ i spent!!                
I've been a Cerwin Vega fan for 30 years and I do like the SL Series of home speakers and the SL-10S subwoofer. I have two hooked up to my home theater system. The 10 inch sub is well built and does hit a solid 28hz before it begins to roll off. In fact, depending on your room, you can get usable output an octave or so lower by patching into a DBX 120A Subharmonic Synthesizer. It sounds full, blends well with the SL line of speakers and I'm very happy and satisfied.                
I absolutely love the bass on these. Frequency response lower than almost any subwoofer. These are dual purpose for me. They are perfect for my Home theater and my weekend DJ gigs. These sound better than all my current PA equipment. If your an audio junkie like me the numbers don't lie. zZounds has made me a customer for LIFE!                
the last and most important speaker in putting together a 7.1 surround system. 4- 6 1/2 inch speakers  seemed nessesary to have a pair of 5 1/4 inch center channel speakers. Definately a great  sounding speaker. Only 16 1/2 wide, fits nice too.                
I use these for movies, TV and casual listening. They sound stellar at any volume. The dual 8" woofers produce serious low end and presence. I sent 95W to each of them and it was plenty. Hi end is smooth and clear. Mid range is well balanced.
The cabinets are average sized for tower speakers but they sound better than any other tower speakers I've heard (Sony, Infinity, RCA, etc.). They have a simple, clean design that just works. They are rock solid and heavy. They also look great with the grills off.
If you want massive sound in a medium foot print I highly recommend these speakers. They reminded me that when it comes to speakers woofer size makes all the difference. If you want serious sound on a budget you can't go wrong with these.                
I've gone through a few Yamaha 5.1 systems, a sound bar and a pair of Infinity floor standing speakers. These SL-28 speakers outperform all of them. Clear highs. Clean mid-range. Strong low end. I don't miss having a sub at all. I did a lot of research and am very happy with them. I use them for movies and gaming in stereo. They're powered with an older Yamaha RX-V775. I'm very picky and these satisfy.                
I made the right choice, these CVs are great, well made and sound like my 1975 CV towers!                
I bought these after trying out their larger brother the SL-28. While these have one 8" woofer instead of two they still hit hard and deep. It probably helps that I'm sending 95W to each of them. 
The high end is clear and smooth. Mid range is just fine; neither spectacular nor muffled. Low end is superb. Build quality is excellent. Appearance is clean and simple; the way I prefer. They look fun with the grills off too. They also shipped with rubber feet which I used on my wood floors.
After coming from a set of Infinity Primus these are a breath of fresh air. The low end is actually there and these have better clarity. All for less money and space. The good ol' fashioned recipe of a tweeter and a big woofer still works best.
I'd recommend these to anyone.                
I was having difficulty deciding between the XLS-12's or the XLS-15's.  Without being able to hear them prior to purchasing, the price of them at zZounds made up my mind. I couldn't pass up the price on the 12's!  I went with the blemished ones which were brand new, unused, but the original boxes were thrashed and the grilles had a dent...big whoop. The price was excellent!   Now for the sound of theses things; HOLY FRIGGIN COW!!!  These are absolutely amazing sound quality!  These topped off my XLS theater as they were the last piece. I already had the 6" center and the 15" sub, but was using some very old fronts from my teenage years. They were 15" 3-way Jensen's from the late 80's. They sounded great back in the day and actually still sound good but didn't have the clarity I was looking for in a theater setup.  Having the 15's prior is why I was having difficulty deciding which to buy.  These XLS-12's are CRYSTAL clear, will rattle anything off the walls and hit so hard that that that you would think a car ran into the side of your house!  They definitely need to be amplified to get the true potential, but even off a 90W per ch. reciever, they were still astounding!  Now they are amped at 150W RMS, which according to CV is still a little shy, but unless they are in an enormous room or a club, it is more than enough to make earth shattering sound and just amazing clarity!  One downfall to boosting the watts to them was I had to amplify my center channel as well, but now the center channel sounds even better than it did before. The center is the XLS-6C. Honestly, with these 12's, I don't even NEED the 15" XLS sub, but man what a sound!!!                
Short answer: Buy the Crown XLS2502 Drive Core 2 amp!
Long answer:
Setup:
Receiver: Pioneer VSX-1101 (I am upgrading this to an Onkyo)
External power amp: Crown XLS2502 Drive Core 2
Speakers: (2) Cerwin Vega XLS-12, Cerwin Vega XLS-15S (powered sub), Cerwin Vega XLS 6C (center channel)
Assumption: Crown amp driving the floor standing Cerwin Vega XLS-12 (3 way, 12” floor standing speakers).  
I had bought the Cerwin Vega XLS-12 that was first driven by the Pioneer receiver alone.  It sounded good however at loud volumes, around 90 volume level on the receiver, it became very, very distorted.  Sounded awful and was very disappointment.  The speakers needed lots of power.  So after much research I settled for the Crown XLS2502.  WOW!
I honestly do not know how loud can my system can go now.  It is so clear at LOUD volume.  ZERO DISOTRAION at any volume level.  I had no idea that the speakers were that under powered by the receiver.  When you hear your speakers cracking with distortion they are under powered, not because it’s too loud.  
My system at low-medium volume level sound good, but when cracked up to 90 they sound great.  Lots of bass, extreme clear vocals from the mids and crisp highs from the tweeters.  The Crown amp and Cerwin Vega XLS-12 are the best purchase I have ever made.  My house is ready for a real party now.  Sorry neighbors my house rivals most clubs.                
I had been procrastinating on purchasing these for a while, as it takes me some time to spend cash. I am sorry I waited so long, because WOW, these speakers are amazing. The sound quality is excellent, the build quality is excellent, and the price point for what you are getting is nice as well. Very solid construction! These speakers are large and heavy, but for a decent sized room, they are perfect. High, mid, and low response is wonderful. You can actually get away without needing a sub at all, however, I swear by one, so I am running a sub as well. I like to feel the music in my body when it plays, and these speakers do just that! I do feel these speakers could use a beefy amp to play constantly and plan to purchase one soon, but they are running very well on an average home-audio receiver without any issues at average volume levels. I would purchase these again in a heartbeat as I didn't know what I was missing until now. I highly recommend these to any home audio enthusiast looking for full-sized, loud, better-than-bookshelf speakers!                
I have 2 xls 12s and a xls 15s sub. And the rest of my 7.1 system is onyko wich includes a ht s592 recever wich is a beginner av receiver.  Holy crap this sounds so good it's crazy.  I m getting a better receiver  I don't need more power but I can't help myself.  Cerwin Vega is a phenomenal Speaker . You can't go wrong plus zZounds has the best customer service Ever. Wow factor is a 6                
The sonic quality of these speakers are superb for it's modest price tag and the low end response is excellent...but again,a substantial amount of wattage is needed to properly utilize their potential.                
As I had mentioned above,the "removable" grilles are a pretty useless feature(if you intend on re-attaching the grilles again.)As for what is useful,these speakers may function well in a studio(provided that they're properly amp'd...but they are a bit too large for most modestly sized rooms.General music listening and/or a home theater application,is the best use...it seems.                
It's easy to get good low end at lower volumes with these,but like I had said,these speakers are power-hungry.                
The XLS-12's appear to be very sturdy and of course,the metal speaker grilles are rock solid.As for the driver cones...well...I can't really gauge how sturdy those are,because I am unwilling to ruin the adhesive that has the grilles sealed in place,so I never took the grilles off to inspect the cones.They appear to be made of only paper pulp,which is a bit disappointing to me,(being that a lot of speakers these days,are made out of carbon fiber,Kevlar and glass aramid composite.)                
The Cerwin Vega's XLS line,are the only home audio speakers I know of,that have this unique 3 way design(with horn-shaped wave-guides for tweeters & mids) and bass driver cones that are larger than 8'.Personally,I don't care for the typical home theater tower speakers,because they are too thin & unstable,which is why I absolutely love CW's 12" and 15" designs!                
The company is fairly easy to get a hold of and they are eager to answer any questions that you have(although I do find some of their answers to be frivolous.)                
Though I am not particularly fond of the Cerwin Vega color scheme,I do love the overall design of the cabinet and it's front baffle.                
The XLS-12's,represent the ideal option...for those who don't want to waste an excessive amount of coin,for ultra high end bookshelf speakers and don't want to be bothered with a subwoofer either.The low end on these monsters are very apparent,even at low volumes...which is fantastic(which is good for apartments with volume restrictions.)However...if you want to bring this puppies to their fullest potential,a high wattage amp is essential(especially if you are going to run a surround configuration).I am currently running a 2.1,4 speaker set up and I have a 270W Sony amp...which is not nearly enough to power the XLS-12's properly.In the Cerwin Vega promo video,they advertise that the speaker grilles are removable,which is not entirely accurate.Meaning...that to say they are removable,implies that the speaker grilles have tabs on them that fit into some corresponding holes in the cabinet,but this is not the case.Actually...on the top and bottom ends of the grilles,are rubber strips,that are glued in place,so if you want to remove the grilles(you better be prepared to wrestle with the adhesive that holds the rubber strips in place and hope you don't tear the rubber into pieces..then...after which,you re-glue them,if you intend on re-attaching the grilles.I never did this myself,because I was afraid of damaging the speakers and I didn't want to create a mess.The geniuses at Cerwin Vega customer support,said that the reason the grilles are not easily removable like conventional speakers,is that they are "professional" speakers and yet,these speakers can be found under the HOME AUDIO category of their website.Come on people,the XLS series are CW's home audio line of products,not their pro PA line!                
Needed a replacement for my 12 yr old vega 710's. Bought some douchey polk audio towers from that "other" online retailer and promptly blew em in less than a week. Sent em back for a full refund and went back to Plan "A"..get some more Cerwin-Vegas. The waveguide kinda focuses the hi's,but these ROCK !!                
Yep it's a beast. Bought a brand new one to replace the one that came with my onyko.onyko makes a great receiver but there subs are junk. Anyway this sub will peel the paint off the wall two words quality and sound. Zzound is awesome. Will be buying more speakers from them.                
This sub did exactly what I hoped it would, deep base like you're at a live show.                
I had this same powered sub for 7 years. Bought it used for $300. Its a beast, its built rock solid and love the sound it produces. This made my home theatre system come alive, also made the walls and furniture rumble. Unfortunately, the controls started going bad after 7yrs which caused it to make a humming sound. Tried to fix it since i'm an electronics tech but couldn't find the correct potentiometers. I'd buy another if I could afford it tho.                
These sound great with many different types of music. The only thing I haven't tried is jazz and classical. But I do feel they would sound great.                
they can be biamped                
need a good amp not a best buy special or walmart junk                
build is very nice                
for the price you can't go wrong remember if you buy the 10,000$ speakers you still need a sub to make them sound like these!!!!!!!!!!!!!!                
They have a modern attractive look my wife even likes them!!!                
In the age of small dinky tower speakers on the market priced at insane levels it's nice to find a company that still builds them like"back in the day" !! WOW I really like these things!! Don't need a sub with these. Analog stereo at its best and better than before. If you've never hooked up a set of big speakers and listened to them get these and do it!!! After much research and counting pennies I made the decision to buy these and I'm not disappointed and neither will you. Sound is clear and undistorted. I will tell you that the highs don't scream at you and are well balanced. You definitly need a powerfull amp not a lame receiver. Separate components old school. There just isn't anything powerfull enough. Biamp and go!!!                
These speakers are off the hook. Low level volume with a good movie enhance the experience beyond that which words can describe.  Crank them up and prepare to thump your world. Clear, crisp and scary sounds will envelope you. But please be aware, these speakers are monsters and may, in my case, be a bit large for a room 10' X 12' .                 
I am very impressed with speakers. They are well built and love a high-powered receiver. The sound separation and clarity are extremely clean. These speakers are worth cent you spend on them. They are phenomenal!                
I was looking to upgrade my old Cerwin Vega 15" (HTS-15) Subwoofer and WOW what a huge difference.  This thing is amazing! It really hits those low frequencies quite well.  I want another one!  It is a bog box but you won't get these low frequencies out of a small box.                
Amazed by this sub. Very clean, packs a tight punch, and can bring the rumbling blow-the-house down bass as demanded. I was a little shocked at the price point at first, but after setting it up and driving it hard, I can't complain at all. Well worth the price in my opinion. I use this sub with a pair of CV XLS-12 cabinets for playing all types of music and video gaming, and the combination is wonderful. No complaints! Great product Cerwin Vega!!!                
Add to my stereo's sound output.  Delivers smooth tight bass.  Great buy to match my cerwin vega xls 215's                
it deliver quality and clean bass with no distortion what so ever. the bass is deep and strong. I use it mainly for movies and it performs beyond my expectation and music sound amazing. I only have one space now so am not sure how it does in other settings.                
the controls on the back makes it pretty easy for set up for music and movies. this sub is been driven by my onkyo ht r 593 receiver. it is jus sufficient in bringing all my movies and music alive                
it so easy to drive these sub. even though you need a receiver rated above or close to the peak power of this sub, 100 watts of power will surely make your home rock                
the design is built strong, big and compact. I believe it is intended to last forever. it is also heavy. the design blends with your home depending on your style.                
for the size and performance one can expect for this thing, the price is beyond believe.                
I have not dealt with the manufacturer. I don't need to as my product delivers beyond expectation.                
price is an object for me. and this sub is clearly the best for my needs at the price                 
this subwoofer delivers nothing short of theater quality. my family and I watch lots of movies and this sub makes you refuse to go to the movies. expect to be amazed.                
prosmore than i expectedadded to my two ls 12 floor standing speakerswith my large cerwin center and rear suroundstill learing best settings for my systembut still sounds awsomeconsrattled all my pictures of shelfglass ones brokesticky tape your vulnerable stuff down if its on a shelf                
Excellent subwoofer that does the job..                
Hey Look?
As a musician, I appreciate CV's
contribution to the world of Live Music Reinforcement.
But, that's right....but,
35hz isn't a very good boasting cycle for a subwoofer
said to be for the home theater enthusiast.
As a rule of thumb, a true Home Theater subwoofer
should operate down to 25hz minimum.
Moreover, the asking price for this CV sub is too high.
It's price per performance is wacky.
There's a USA based speaker Co. that specializes
in subs that routinely operate below 25hz for under $300.
So, I believe CV needs to rethink their pricing
and their product's performance.
At least concerning this model anyway.
I don't like giving a review like this because I truly
like CV speakers.
There's jsur NO WAY that CV should be asking
this much dough for this sub.
~ peace                
For them to sound their best, they need to be set up properly,  To sound their best in my room I have them about 3.5 ft from the side walls and about 2 ft from the back wall. They  have had large adjustable spikes installed,their backs are raised about 1 inch higher than the fronts to tilt them forward and are towed in so they are aimed directly at my listening chair. They also need high quality audio gear running them.Very few home receivers have nearly enough power to make them sound their best, so a quality amplifier with plenty of power is a must!                
They are not as critical about set up as many other speakers are.                
For their price, they are very well made. To keep the price low, they cut corners on the cosmetics but kept the build and parts quality quite high.                
I think they would be a great value at 2x their price. They easily compete with far pricier speakers.                
I have called CV a few times to ask for advise on set up and "tweaks" and have always spoken with friendly, knowledgeable, helpful reps.                
They make me want to get up and boogy to the music better than any other speakers I have owned                
Cerwin Vega was always considered a joke in the audiophile world because the old CV's had brash nasty sounding mids and highs. About 10-12 years ago they were redesigned with new mid ranges and tweeters. Now they have a nice balanced sound while keeping their great bass and their ability to play louder than many PA speakers! With high quality equipment the XLS-215's sound quite nice playing delicate jazz and classical music, and sound truly amazing playing rock, rap and movie sound tracks at unreal volumes. They easily blow away most speakers costing 2x-3x as much. I've owned many different audiophile speakers over the years, some retailing for as much as $18K. The CV's lack the some of the sound staging, finesse, or sweetness of many of them, but they have something that the audiophile speakers were all missing, They are fun to listen to! When I put on some great old Rock-n-Roll they demand to be cranked up really loud,and make me get out of my comfy chair and boogy !                 
I own 2 pairs of these so that should tell you that I really like these. For the money they cannot be beat in my opinion. Better have 2 people when delivered they are massive.I had to have mine delivered by a semi truck!! I also own higher priced speakers but these things do just a good of a job and do not be afraid to crank it up, they also are fuse protected. Quite simply put, they kick butt. I run 200 watts per channel stereo all thru tube amps with NOS tubes. Also if you do have a problem with one of the components which I have not they are so easy to service your self. Just pop out the component and replace a new one if needed . You can do it yourself. A very easy traditional design. Hands down a winner for me! Companies sell 10000 dollar plus speakers each which I cannot afford but you hear little of these. Really sad. In my opinion you cannot go wrong with these but better have the room !!!!! I hope the new company that bought out the maker of these do not start messing them up and keep offering these or if even possible improve on them even more.                
It is true that you can buy better sounding floor speakers, but you will likely pay much more for them. I owned a pair of the previous CLS-215 speakers and found them to sound good. Not super audiophile quality, but very good all things considered. I wanted 4 of them for a home theater 5.1 and 2+2 music setting. I ordered from other sellers only to have them come beat-up and damaged due to ground shipping. After waiting years I purchase four of the XLS-215 speakers from zZounds because they ship them freight and came shrink wrapped together on a pallet delivered with zero damage. Very Pleased. I don't like the big bad bass hype but do find that I rarely use my 18 inch JBL sub-woofers because these speakers provide enough bass for everything except the very lowest of frequencies.                
I would highly recommend them for all your music needs, great customer people and service. I will continue to use there business, for as long as I need music items. 100% Highly Recommend.                
I make my own custom set of bulk strings based on Billy Gibbons custom set... in fact mine is a little heavier. .08 first, .09 second, .12 third, .22 fourth, .30 fifth and .40 sixth. Now some of you might think this doesn't fit any mold, but it works for me with hot pickups. I have arthritis in my fingers and this gauge lets me bend like I was 21.                
These are by far, the best strings I've ever owned. They're perfect for dropped tuning. I play in dropped B and the strings still have the tension and feel of dropped D. There isn't any buzz when you slide your fingers up and down the neck either. I recommend these strings to any and everyone. Perfect for recording!                
N/A                
String winder with built in string trimmer -- great idea!                
The winder, which is plastic, attaches to the handle with a simple Phillips head wood screw.  Tighten the screw too far and the winder won't turn; too loose and you risk losing the screw and the winder wobbles.  The trimmer is a simple scissors cutter.  To get the wire slot open requires the handles to be moved rather far apart, which could be a problem for people with small hands.                
This is not a bad value for the money, especially since you get two tools in one convenient package.                
N/A                
This is a handy gadget.  It folds compactly and is easy to use.  Go to the hardware store and get some spare screws, just in case.                
I'll use this winder/trimmer until it breaks.  If it holds up well (it's new now), I'll get a second one for my other case.                
Wire cutter, bridge pin puller, string winder.                
I gave is a 8 cos of the bridge pin puller. i just bought this todae and i restrung my guitar and i used the pin puller, kinda hard tho. after i used i saw some dents on my guitar. dammit.                
simple design wif great looks and quality.                 
worth every cent                
this product is wad beginners need and wad pros should get                
yea, i love it.                
I have used a set of these strings on my Reverend Rumblefish PJ since I got it in 2003. That's right, the same set for the last 7 years. Everywhere I play people compliment me on the sound of my bass, and these strings are a big part of that: warm, punchy, perfect for the R&B, Soul, Classic Rock and Blues music I play.                
Perfectly polished.                
No problems installing, no problems since. Other players who've tried my bass say it plays like butter, and since my action isn't especially low (medium, really), it must be the strings.                
7 years and running says it all.                
Do the math - how much is a string that sings after all this time worth? More than you're paying here (it's also less expensive than most of the competition I rejected in 2003).                
I've never needed to contact D'Addario, I'm giving them a 10 for a product that didn't and doesn't need their support.                
I think this is a dam' sexy product, because I've seen the way it moves dancers...                
If I ever need to, I will replace my current set with another of the same. I'm beginning to think that's a big 'if'. But just in case, when I decided on this set, I bought a spare... D'addario isn't making money off of me, although they deserve to.                
The sound is phenomenal if you're looking for a warmer, less "twangy" sound.                 
Doesn't have accessories.                
Very easy to install and use. Had no problems whatsoever.                
D'Addario is the best. The scale was perfect. Never had any breaks or anything. These are also the choice strings if you are using a fretless bass or have concerns of marking up the bridge. I use them on a fretless Ibanez as well as 3 different Fender Precision models (Mexican, Japanese and American). Fantastic quality.                
The very best value. Period.                
Never had a need for support but the company is absolutely reliable.                
Best strings made today.                
I have various brands of strings (GHS Boomers, Fender roundwounds, Hatke, etc.) and these are, by far, the best quality and sound.                 
On my Squier VM Jazz bass I've been using Rotosound Jazz Bass 77 strings. They sound nice, but I wanted to try something else. I'm not sure why, but I did. So, I got these strings. The first thing I noticed is they are "brighter" sounding. I haven't learned the slap style of playing yet, and assumed round wound strings were the only choice for that, but I tried a little slapping. On the Rotosound strings, slapping the E and A strings sounded nice, but popping the D and G strings didn't seem to work. With these D'Addario strings, popping actually sounds good! Not as much bite as round wounds, but still very good sounding. Maybe I'll try to learn how to slap after all. The tension seems to be less than the Rotosounds, since I had to adjust the relief a couple of quarter turns to get rid of the fret buzz. I can't tell if that's good or bad, but it's not any more difficult to push on the frets. I can't tell if it's easier, though, it's been a couple of weeks since I played this bass, so I didn't do a comparison. I have another bass with round wounds, but it's taking a lot longer than I expected to play them without all those noises. I'm not giving up, but if I played in front of anyone, I'd use the bass with these flat wounds. Great sound, no squeeks, and barely audible (unwanted) harmonics. Even though my technique still needs work, these strings sound great! I'm almost wanting to put them on the other bass too!                
 They are just great sounding  strings.I play all types of music.I highly recommend  ECB81M  flatwounds.I am a professional bass player and,i have five bass guitars.They all have ECB81M flatwounds on them.What more can you say?                
Smoothe playability.                
Muffling the strings  gives a great  standup bass sound.                
Excellent  product.Never broke a string yet.                
Yes.                
I have had strings given to me. Yes they were.Yes. There was no problems.                
Excellent.Yes,This product  just sounds great                
As long as i am able to play.                
I have tried many different brands of strings and gauges and I do believe my search is over.
I really like the tone of these strings along with how easy they are to play.
No more trying to push down those heavy gauge stings.
I will be buying more of these very soon and I may even try out the  EJ15 Phosphor Bronze set in the Extra light gauge.
All I can say is these are my stings. And they are made in the USA                
Cosistantly the best for the 45 years I've been playing. I've tried DR and Martin neither has lasted or sounded crisp as long. I play country, 50's 60's 70's rock, bluegrass, and blues. Overall nothing has been as good. I play a CJ200 Epiphone acoustic electric,Washburn electric,and a semi-hollow Epiphone Casino.                 
Bright,defined,with plenty of sustain..but has a little more string tension

the tone tends to be brassy and lacks warmth

needs a better balance across all six strings

ok for brightening a cheaper acoustic but not what I would record with

perhaps the core to wrap ratio on the strings needs to be adjusted

a little stiffer to play                
all six strings don't balance well                
average value                
D'Addario is ok, but don't respond well to criticism of their products                
nice packaging,shiny strings don't deliver                
I will replace it very soon...can't stand the brassy tone and stiff feel                
Overall, these strings are fine for a beginner or a backup acoustic, but they are just too dull and lifeless if you are a gigging musician.  Keep a set on hand since they are cheap, but step up to the EXP line if you want a good sound.                
the sound is great. i take one mark off because they do a bit of a squeaking noise when you move your fingers.                
the coloured ends make sure that you dont mess up by putting them in the wrong spot.                
theyre made to last . its just that small squeaking sound that irritates me when you move your fingers.                
very much worth the money.                
daddario is my favourite line of strings.                
i have it already you.                
its mostly good.                
Apparently the last reviewer had a bone to pick with the company, because many pros will tell you these are the industry standard strings. I've tried many so-called 'boutique' strings and these are the most consistent in terms of clarity, longevity, and sustain.                 
Just bare-bones phosphor bronze strings.                
They sound good when you put them on, so they don't really require a break-in, but I prefer them after about an hour of playing time.                
As I said, these are the strings to which every other acoustic string is compared. They are high-quality.                
Getting harder to find deals on them, but they are competitively priced.                
N/A                
?                
I've been using them for years. I esperiment with others, but always come back to them.                
The sound of these strings is a very cheap one, they have no brightness or decent tone to them at all.  The strings have very little of that "new string" sound in the first place, and are gone withing minutes of the first note. Speaking of the first note, you will notice that it will not ring for very long, the string sound DOES NOT RESONATE. I've tried these strings in several settings, and none of them make these strings sound any better, this includes halls, and closed rooms as well as outdoors. The strings don't sound any better when recorded and sound terrible being played through an amp on an acoustic electric guitar.                
The strings require constant retuning, and will often fall out of tune mid song.                
Read what I had to say about the sound, you'll know what the quality is. Terrible.                
Do not buy these strings, do not even take them for free, they will only harm your guitars sound.                
I've yet to contact the company, but will soon about the poor quality of these strings.                
The string coating flakes, the strings rust quickly and are easily broken.                
The only decent strings I've bought from this company are EXP mediums for acoustic guitars, they are simply amazing, but these strings are an embarassment and I will never put them on my guitar again.                
These strings are just slightly ligher than what came with my Breedlove 

Passport. Daddario (always forget spelling) are great strings for the money. In sound they compare favorably with Elixers. Not sure if they last quite as long but I would rather have 2 sets of these than just one set of Elixers of the same guage!                
I like the color coded string ends. Really keeps you from making a critical error! They feel good and play well. I don't know what more you would want.                
As mentioned earlier they seem to compare with more expensive strings.                
Very well made and consistent. All are the same.                
Great price for great sound and performance!                
Just strings !                
I will continue to use these as they are always what you expect. Good quality,sound,and playability.                
brings out the smokey tone of a quality instrument, suppliments smokiness in less expensive guitars. Nice and bright. Record well. Lasting tone. Not as chimy as some 80/20 and others.                 
Multi-pack purchase price (eg. 4 packs for $20-$24.95) would be a welcome sight.                
Regardless of instrument(6 or 12 string), these model strings in any gauge turn more heads. Guitar just sounds more premo.                 
Have used these for 27 years, on stage, in studio. Have converted many players to their use.                
Put these EXP 60's on my old Ibanez ATK 300 and my Schector Stiletto elite 4 and just love the sound. Will go to a great deep bass growl sound or a real nice slap n pop. They last and hold up to a lot of hard playing and don't loose sound quality, but a set and I think you will like them.                
try them and you'll see                 
never any problems.                
yes                
never any cause or reason                
Do a sexy bass solo and you'll love the strings                
I have tried many other brand of strings and I will stay with me D'Addario's                
Does what is says - but towards the Treble side..                
I personally hate strings with too much of a metallic sound ... cough ... GHS strings. These strings simply have a nice tone to them.                
I really like these strings. I now use these or Ernie Ball strings. Pretty much, the one that is cheaper is the one that goes home with me. Overall, great strings.                
So glad DaDarrio makes these strings not many stringers make sets with wound g strings. Thanks                
The sound is absolutely devastating for metal, and very tonesy for cleans. With cleans it rings out very smoothly and thr harmonics fly at you when distortion is on! This is more of a metal player strings due to the guage size, unless you're a jazz player. The sound has a LOT of classic bass tone with some mids slashing it's way through. I've recorded with them, sounded great! Live, also sounded GREAT! I'm using these throug a Jackson JS30 Kelly and a Kramer 2010 Vanguard, (not the 300$ one, the 700$ one.) The only thing that could make this product better would be to make it free. ;)                
It has a colour coding system on the ball ends, to help you string quicker. The guages are perfectly chosen in this set.                
From standard tuning to B, the tension feels just great on these strings if you have a 25.5 inch scale or higher.                
Perfect quality strings. Sound lasts for quite a while.                
Yes it is, i've seen other strings for a few dollars more and have died quicker! These are a MUST own.                
Never needed support so these get a 10 as well!                
These strings are everything I stated above, so another 10!                
They are a little buzzy at some times (the low e string has some buzz in it on some notes), but when you jack your guitar into the amp the buzzing becomes silent so you don't need to worry about that.                
There is a ball end color chart for the strings so it takes the guess work out of installing them:

6th: Brass

5th: Red

4th: Black

3rd: Green

2nd: Purple

1st: Silver                
I guess ease of use for strings really depends on the guitar more than the strings. This was my first time installing strings on my guitar by myself so it was probably just me.

TIP: When you are tuning the guitar for the first time, after you get the string in tune Pull it up and then re tune. Continue until it doesn't fall out of tune.                
Pretty good strings. Easy to bend. Durable strings.                
I got them at my guitar store for $7.00

Zzounds had a better price but I couldn't wait for the shipping.                
N/A                
Before this I hadn't replace my strings in a couple of months, so I needed them bad...                
Overall these are decent strings. They work pretty well on my Ibanez. I will probably continue to get these strings whenever I need them.                 
Responsive with light touch and good for various styles of fingering                
The wound 3rd string holds true tone longer,more "gliss"                 
Thick enough to hold tonality and thin enough that finger pressure is minimal                
Round wound strings have brilliant tone they're good if you like glissening up/down the frets

Flatwound  strings could help someone starting out to play and have sensitive finger tips.

Transitions are easier.                
These strings with the wound third are great. They also make a 10-46 version. The 10-46 w the wound third are my all time favorite, I WISH ZZOUNDS WOULD CARRY THEM.                
The only reason I did not rate this a 10 is the less "bendability" of the third string, which is wrapped, unlike most other sets sold.                 
Wrapped third stays in tune.  It's what I have been looking for over 40 years.                
Hey, you pluck the strings.                
If you want to stay the G to sound balanced with the rest of the strings, use a wrapped third.                  
I have had my set on for a year of steady playing.                
Unknown.  Who would try to claim a warranty on a guitar string?                
D'addario strings have been the only brand I've used for at least the last five years.  I'll admit I used to enjoy Dean Markley Blue Steel, but you can't really expect to buy a case or seven and have them all be fresh a year later, D'addarios are always just as pristine as they day they were encased in their oxygen-free polymer mausoleums.                
D'addario likes to point out that their strings are 'Better by Design', and they are.  The hexagonal center literally bites into the wrap, melding the two metals like no other string manufacturer can.                
Always just as bright and corrosion-free as the day they were made.  The Dean Markleys just didn't compare.                
In short, buying any other brand in bulk is nothing more than a waste to me.  Buying single sets at a music store is far more expensive, and there's still no guarantee that your strings are fresh.  D'addarios, unlike other brands, will still be worth their price 2 years after purchase when you break a string 2 o'clock in the morning at your local venue.                
I've never had problems with any of my D'addario or Planet Waves products, hence service was never required.  This is a testament in itself, I'm still using the same Planet Waves guitar cables I bought about 5 years ago and they're still immaculate.                  
Nothing else meets the same engineering standards, nor does anything else sound the same (hey, all brands are different for beter or worse).                
Still going strong with D'addario and no plans to ever change brands.                
Crisp, neat, and clear. there's not too much else I can say about these strings, they are always consistent sounding from the time you thread them on, to the time you peel them off (I have personally only had less than a handful of them ever break while playing) the brightness and light clear sound these give is perfect for the high clear punch of single coils (IE A Strat or Telly) and yet they have just enough slink and "bite" (density/weight) to them to give a humbucker equipped guitar (IE A Les Paul or SG) a good thick bark. the only strings that I think sound better are the high end GHS Super Boomers (which if my memory serves, they dont make any more) but the cost split is rather pointless in my mind.                
The color coded ends are surely handy, especially if you are an instructor, teaching younger players how to change strings, it really helps them keep track of which string is which, and its great to double check yourself against making mistakes, no matter how long you've played.

As for the packaging; while a tad bothersome to handle and open, it so totally does the job it's built to do, which is keeping the strings fresh. I have bought other brands and let me tell you, unless your buying nylon strings, paper packaging is rather handy and a tad sexy looking, but it utterly fails at keeping the air off of strings and thus preventing corrosion, which will degrade the quality of your strings, no matter how much they cost.                
strings are strings right?

Ehh, not so much, Having played with D'Addario's for both my Electrics and my Acoustics, I can say that they make playing easier by promoting 3 things; 1: easy install (see above in Features) 2: easy break-in, and 3: easy playing.

Anyone who's played a stringed instrument knows that after you first get the strings on, you have a period of time where they are stretching a bit, and adjusting themselves and settling (the guitar also does some of this, but to a much lesser extent) and D'Addario's have the shortest break-in time of any brand I've ever used (and I've used almost all of them (acoustic and electric) in my 18+ years) so I gotta say, hands down, D'Addario does strings right.                
as titled, D'Addario's are pretty much the best bang for the buck value in strings you can get, no matter where you buy them, they are likely the lowest priced strings anywhere on the market, and the manufacturing quality is right up there with the most expensive brands (and in some areas, surpasses it)                
please, read above, now read this:

Buy this brand, no matter if its for you're acoustic or electric, because I'll clue you in on something wild; you can cross match them, meaning, you can swap on a set of electric strings onto your acoustic, and you'll get a super bright and clean jangle that sounds very interesting and punchy, and with acoustic strings on your electric, you'll have this fat dirty earthen growl that can not be replicated with effects, ever.

Let me say this again; BUY THIS BRAND!                
I've never had to use the support numbers or web sites listed on the packages, ever, which in a way, speaks volumes more that having to use it, right?                
just read everything I've written above and you'll have all the reasons you need to invest some coin in a whole 50lbs crate of these things.                
just read everything I've written above and you'll have all the reasons you need to invest some coin in a whole 50lbs crate of these things.                
I was absolutely blown away by the sound of these strings! The harmonics I am getting on my Strat are impeccable. sometimes I have to tilt my pick a bit because I getting too MANY harmonics, lol! If you play Rock and Roll or harder, these are for you.                 
Color coded is very nice. Packaging is nice as well. Just love these strings.                 
Like I said, the harmonics just pour out of these strings.                 
Even playing every day, these strings last for months. Amazing.                 
I would expect these to actually be higher priced for the product you get, but I am NOT complaining!                
Have no idea but I would imagine they are good.                 
they are sexy strings baby! lol                
DiAddario ROCKS!                 
I used to buy Fender Bullet strings until a friend recommended the D'addario strings. Just a perfect, brilliant sound and intonation, never cut my strings on stage again on years! The best guitarists in the world use it, something there must be...                
Just the best strings in a cute box.                
Years of study, and a good pair of trained ears!                
It's great, never had a complain with it.                
Almost the same price of another set of strings, but unparalleled quality.                
I never need it, but I think that must be great like all his products.                
Too sexy! If you wanna sounding like a real Rockstar, you need this strings... and a lot of practice... but that's another story.. :P                
When can't find it in my town, i bought the GK from MedinaArtigas and it sounds pretty cool too!                
The D'Addario strings are the best overall strings, the service I get at zZounds is unbelivable the best from strings to guitars to accessories, I've always shopped at zZounds and always will. Thanks again Larry                
They are very versatile. You can play anything from blues to speed metal with these strings.                
It's color coded and the pack keeps them nice forever.                
Easy to setup, color coded so you don't mess up.                
It is perfect! They last forever. Even when I live in a very humid place they last 6-10 months easy!                 
Great price. This product is great at a cheap price.                
I haven't had any need for it.                
Never buy anything but these.                
Great I will continue using these string forever...unless D'addrio makes something even more awesome(wouldn't surprise me).                
it make the sound very sharp,real and has a high mid range & that make the sound tends to be too screamy,thats amazing for a hard hyper rock solo but may be not too much great for jazz.                
the coloured balls the string's end make u never mess.                
well made,stay for a long time,300 hours of full speed at least                 
price is perfect,if u looked at the earny ball strings you will just find it 0.50 cent cheaper than the D'addario although d'addario is too much alot better than the earny ball.                
the strings are wounderful,have a very smooth touch but just one thing bothered me,the strings need to be more harder because they are so super lite.                
great sound and tonality for pop rock, pop. punk, rock, and harder rock. a very bright catchy sound.                
the coloured ball ends make sure you dont mess up.                
its made well cause it sounds well and lasts you.                
great price.                
i like daddario and i always will. they make great s**t                
im glad i already have it.                
its still good.                
The normal 6 strings do alright, though they're still far too light for my taste. But the bottom two, especially that outrageously floppy F# - it's no wonder people complain about the muddiness of extended-range guitars! It's 90% the strings' fault.
I recently ordered my own custom set of D'Addario Singles (9.5, 13, 17, 24, 32, 44, 60, 80) and they made all the difference the world to my tone and to the strings' playability. The high strings are still fairly light, but get progressively heavier towards the bottom, which is what the pickups need in order to give out crisp tones.
I love D'Addario strings, but this SET of strings is a dud. If you're not quite as picky as I am, at least order separate B and F# strings with heavier gauges so they don't sound like mud and give us 8-stringers a bad rep.                
Great for fast picking. Got some on my Epiphone SG Pro. With the SG fast neck these strings make playing even faster.                
The sound is great , The guitar stays in tune for longer than ever.                 
It has coloured balls at the end of the strings which makes everything easier.                
Truly the best strings I've ever played with.                
Very good price for that quality.                
Come on it's string what customer service do you need ?                 
Overall the best strings to play heavy music but also good for music such as Blues or Jazz.                
I like particularly the sound of the wound strings. Their balance with the plain strings just seems to me to be better and more even. The quality of manufacturing is second to none, they feel great, and maybe most importantly they last longer than most others, as well as they are easier to keep in tune. Nix to GHS strings on that one. I couldn't keep them in tune at all on my strat. Hope this helps.                
With these strings I can get any sound I want out any of my electrics.                
The best made string I have found yet that doesn't cost too much.                
Exceptional price very this kind of quality.                
Very professional and courteous.                
I will stay with D'Addario as long as I can play guitar.                 
This string set should have been named "Light Top, Super-Heavy Middle, and Floppy Bottom." That pretty much sums up my review. They're great strings obviously, but the gauges don't make a good set.
I did some calculations, ordered my own custom set of D'Addario singles (9.5, 13, 17, 24, 32, 44, 60, 80) and voila! The muddiness on the low F# and B strings evaporated (it wasn't the pickups' fault after all), the middle strings became bendable again, and string-tension is pretty even across the fretboard which is SO much more playable.
Buy D'Addario all the way, but don't buy this set if you don't want serious tension and tone problems. 8-string guitarists need to be especially picky with strings, and this set was not intelligently assembled.                
Sick ass man!!! These mofo strings are pretty zesty. Went dull but I was still able to get the trebble I need for technical death metal.                
Worked well just wish they'd last longer.                
Basically worth it I wish the longevity would be better.                
These are my new favorites                
Bought these for my esp ltd b55 which is a 34" scale. The D string transitions into the smaller winding that is supposed to be up near the tuner, right in the middle of the first fret. So it vibrates in the nut. Other than that they are good strings.                
Back around '02 when I started performing 3+ hr solo acoustic shows, I started noticing how my sound would get stagnant about an hr into the set. I tend to use big sounding guitars and they were sounding like wet logs by the end of the sets. So, I ordered a dozen or so different strings and tried them all out for a few days each, then took the best of those and performed with them. 
These EXP11s weren't the best sounding of the bunch, but they still sounded good and most importantly, the tone was consistent throughout the night. My hands weren't torn up either since the coating on them didn't tear into my fingers like non-coated strings will when playing that long of a set (I rarely take breaks). 
So, are they the BEST sounding strings? No, but they'll sound good and stay true to their tone for an extended period. I'd think that's a plus for people who don't want to mess with changing strings often. Oh, and after all of that research, I found out these are the same strings Dave Matthews and many other acoustic performers use and for good reason!                  
I prefer these strings over Cleartones, and perhaps over Elixir Nanowebs.  The sound is plenty strong and rich. Each guitar is different, and strings sound different on different guitars.  The trick is to match the strings to the individual instrument.                
They do what they're supposed to do -- protect the string from oils, etc., and keep them in tune and sounding good longer.                
Well, they're strings, so ya pretty much put 'em on.  I HAVE noticed that they stay in tune very well once they've been tuned a time or two, and that they dont stretch out for as long as some other strings will.                
Very good results, no strings breaking without cause or wearing out prematurely.                
Best price on treated strings.  Elixirs are a bit more (and sometimes a bit more slick and dull).  Cleartones are out of touch with reality, and I don't care for them all that well.                
These guys are top notch.  When I phoned with question, they didn't act all put out that I was bothering them.                
I prefer them on certain acoustics.  If they weren't available, I'd go to Elixirs.                
So long as they keep sounding good on my guitars, I'll keep using them.                
these strings are soft and flat. they stink.                
nothing good to say here.                
no matter how I tune or what guitar I put them on they are dull.                
they do feel good untill you try to play them.                
you can't give me these strings.                
I use the 26 lights and they are one of my favorites.                
no thanks.                
these strings should be taken off the market. they are giving a good company a bad name.                
The sound of these guitar strings is incredible, from the first tuning they sound like perfectly broken in strings. I've bought these strings two times now (It's all I've needed in a 5 month period) and the strings did not so much as slip a half of a step when I first tuned them. I tend to play every genre, just with my own twist on it, and belive me when I say that these strings sound great with every one of them. I've played these strings on a Yamaha Acoustic (Not the greatest guitar in the world) and a Fender acoustic-electric. Both of the guitars sounded amazing, and you would belive by sound that the Yamaha (250 dollars approx) was a 500 dollar guitar due to these strings. These strings also allow me to get creative in ways that many other brands wont, I am now able to play anywhere on the fretboard with no buzz or fading in the sound. Power chords, standard, Barre, and finger picking all sound beautiful on these strings. I'd also like to mention that I've used these strings in both live and recording sessions, and they have yet to fail me in any sense.                
The extra coating on the strings is more than any guitarist could ask for, these string truely do last 3 or 4 times longer than the average string, even if you're the type that tunes and retunes (Eb or D tuning ect) constantly, the strings will not let you down.                
The quality of the strings are extreemly high, as I stated before they have never slipped on me after first tuning. A capo will not cause need for re-tuning on these strings and they're very easy to put on your guitar, clearly labled and packaged.                
The strings are a bit pricey, BUT you must realize that they pay for themselves around the 1st month you've had them. Because you don't have to change the strings, you're saving money.                
I did have one instance of a string snapping, and despite it being a month after the purchase, the company gladly sent me a replacement set.                
These strings will not easily rust, they never show dirt or grime and never flake.                
I feel confident in using these strings on ANY of my future guitars, and they do make me have a bit more faith in the company.                
Owning thee mandolins, one over 100 years old, I have tried a lot of strings to get the best sound from each.