Designed to fit most 12-string acoustics and dreadnoughts, this molded hardshell case features steel feet with rubber gaskets to prevent any impact damage.
Seamlessly transition between stage and studio with the HX Stomp. This rig-in-a-box features hundreds of amp, cab, and effect models to nail your dream tone.
Get smooth, rich jazz tone with this Ibanez Artstar guitar. This hollowbody is a product of the collaboration between Ibanez and the legendary George Benson.
Pay tribute to the legend of the Les Paul with this 2018 Tribute model. A set of 490R and 498T humbuckers add silky smooth PAF tone with an enhanced output.
Line 6 goes pro with the Helix. Loaded with the HX modeling engine, this Floorboard can recreate the tone in your head -- and replace a rack full of effects.
With a stunning flame maple top and ProBucker humbuckers that evoke vintage PAFs, this affordable Epiphone delivers serious Les Paul tone and style.
Great for any style, the budget-friendly Fender Champion 100 combo amp cranks 100 solid-state watts through a number of fully customizable amp voices and FX.
More than just a looper pedal, this Boss Loop Station has tons of effects with real-time modeling, 85 rhythm patterns, USB MIDI and more. Who needs a band?
With a streamlined I/O complement and hardware configuration, the Helix LT guitar processor delivers the utmost in tonal freedom for any playing situation.
Richly detailed amp and effects models delivered by a custom Waza speaker make the Boss Katana Artist a good choice for the player who needs versatility.
With a 2-point tremolo system, Fender Player Series Alnico 5 pickups and a maple neck, the Fender Player Stratocaster is a modern update to a classic guitar.
The HeadRush puts Eleven Rack amp sims and effects modeling at your feet with a 7" color touchscreen. Drag & drop to build your dream rigs, plug in and play.
Combine the woody, fully-hollowbody tone with humbuckers in this limited-edition ES-330. Loaded with Burstbucker 1 and 2 pickups, this 330 is a tone monster.
Rock out with 5 unique "character" voicings and 58 built-in Boss effects. A tonal chameleon, this 50-watt 1x12" combo amp is your portable practice partner.
Get the blessing of the rock gods without sacrificing your guitar. The Monterey Strat pays tribute to the 50th anniversary of Jimi's most fiery performance.
Amplify the exact sound that comes out of your pedalboard or amp modeler, free of tonal coloration, with the HeadRush FRFR-112 powered guitar speaker.
The EJ-200SCE's jumbo-sized sound comes to life with a Nanoflex pickup for your strings and body resonance, plus a Nanomag pickup at the end of the fretboard.
This 100-watt 1x12" combo takes you from the practice room to the gig. Dial in tons of tones with 5 unique amp "characters" and 55 built-in Boss effects.
Put a stable of Boss stompboxes at your feet in one multieffects pedal. The ME-80 lets you layer 8 effects, with a dedicated preamp section for amp modeling.
An iconic Custom 24 can be yours at an incredible price! This SE version features a maple top, mahogany back, and a pair of 85/15 "S" pickups for hot tone.
This elegantly asymmetrical mahogany solidbody Fantomen guitar is the result of collaboration between Hagstrom and Swedish rock 'n' roll giants, Ghost.
Perfect for beginners of all ages, this package includes a Les Paul Special-II LE guitar, amp, gig bag, picks, tuner, cable, strap, and even online lessons!
Your search for the perfect Muff-type fuzz ends with the Muffuletta. A total of five different fuzz circuits offer various flavors of the mighty Big Muff.
Integrate 100+ effects from Line 6's Helix, M-Series and Stompbox Modeler pedals into your existing pedalboard and rig with the HX Effects guitar processor.
Representing a favorite in looks and tone, the Gibson 2019 Les Paul Junior Tribute DC has a solid mahogany body, maple neck and a single P-90 pickup.
Play on any stage -- with power to spare! The Mustang GT-200 pumps out 200 watts through a pair of lightweight 12" Celestion Special Design speakers.
A killer first halfstack for those about to rock, this Marshall HGFX head and MG412 cab package emits earth-crushing tone that won't crush your wallet.
The ESP LTD EC-1000 Deluxe is a speed machine with the tone and feel of a custom-shop thrasher, at a price that will have you rubbing your eyes in disbelief.
The Marshall CODE50 provides 50W of highly accurate classic and contemporary amp and cab modeling, as well as professional-quality on-board digital effects.
The Taylor 214ce Grand Auditorium gets the Deluxe treatment with ES2 Expression System 2 pickups, a full-gloss finish, and a Taylor hardshell case included.
Taylor's signature Grand Auditorium sound gets a boost from the resonant, highly figured Hawaiian koa back and sides found on this 214ce acoustic-electric.
Grasp onto the enduring tone and playability of the Telecaster with this Player Series model. The alnico 5 pickups offer up a crisp tone that just rocks.
Based on Gibson's 1958 prototype that infamously never went into production, this limited-edition Moderne offers futuristic style and a lively korina body.
The Gibson ES-335 has created so many legendary moments in rock history. Pick up this 2018 Traditional model and blaze your own path to rock 'n' roll glory.
Profile the sound of your favorite tube amp, and edit it into the sound of your dreams, with the revolutionary amp modeling abilities of the Kemper Profiler.
Fender's American Professional Stratocaster upgrades a legend with tailor-made V-Mod pickups, narrow-tall frets and a unique "Deep C" neck carve.
Capture the sound and style of the '80s at an incredible price. This Sprit GT Pro features passive pickups and the classic Steinberger headstock-less design.
Get unbelievably full and versatile tone from this Charvel Pro-Mod DK24's HSS pickup configuration, 5-way blade switch and 500k EVH Bourns low-friction pots.
Stand out from the crowd without breaking the bank with the Angelus A50E. A beautiful curly maple back and sides add tightness and clarity to your sound.
Sporting a 7" touchscreen, a powerful quad-core processor, and an exclusive Eleven HD Expanded DSP, the HeadRush Gigboard is an unstoppable modeling force.
Get started playing! This pack includes an Epiphone PR-4E acoustic-electric guitar and Acoustic-15 amplifier with 15 watts of power, 3-band EQ, and chorus.
Get a ton of vintage vibe with this limited-edition amp. With the guts of a standard Blues Junior, this special-run amp comes covered in a lacquered tweed.
Dial in genuine tone from the tour-ready Helix multi-effects rack unit. Program multiple signal chains with the on-board amp, cab, and effects modelers.
Joe Bonamassa's treasured 1958 Flying V, nicknamed Amos, is recreated in this Epiphone Flying V, outfitted with ProBucker pickups that model legendary PAFs.
Get perfect feedback every time with the FreqOut. Using pitch detection, FreqOut finds the harmonic content of your signal, feeding back select frequencies.
Pay homage to Jimi Hendrix's iconic "flipped-over" guitars with this inverted Strat, featuring a reversed headstock and backwards-angled bridge pickup.
With 512 presets and endless ways to combine, loop, customize, and control your signal and onboard HD effects, this multifx unit is a sonic command center.
Featuring the classic Taylor "all-purpose" Grand Auditorium body shape, the 224ce-K Deluxe is great for any style in any setting -- acoustic or amplified.
Boasting 240 watts of incredible power, the V 240 is on a mission to face-melt the front row. Choose from hundreds of models to dial in the perfect tone.
Djent your way to sonic satisfaction with the SE Mark Holcomb. Crank out fat palm mutes and sizzling leads with Seymour Duncan Alpha/Omega pickups.
Push out 40 watts of pure Marshall tube tone with the DSL40CR combo amplifier -- its versatile EQ and resonance controls let you dial in the perfect sound.
Learn to play on a solidly constructed acoustic. With a select spruce top, mahogany body/neck and poplar composite fretboard, the Epiphone DR-100 is a great value.
Built for massive tones, the MT-15 generates more than enough oomph for the Alter Bridge and Creed axeslinger. Switch down to 7 watts for bedroom jamming.
Integrating a powerful iPad app and MFi-certified audio interface, the iRig Stomp USB Pedalboard puts a world of tone at your feet in the studio or on stage.
Play this Tele fat, thin, clean or dirty. With three pickups in an HSS configuration, the Modern Player Telecaster Plus is a unique take on a classic guitar.
With this cab, you get the unique tone and rugged durability that is unmistakably Orange. Loaded with two Celestion Vintage 30 speakers, the PPC212-C rocks.
Match the style of your Strat or Tele in this Fender Pro Series case -- it also protects your beloved axe with soft plush interior and locking latches.
With powerful processing for dynamic tonal response and a huge variety of sounds, the Boss GT-1000 multi-effects pedal lets you precisely sculpt your sound.
The H9 stores a motherload of effects in a stompbox. This true-bypass pedal includes 45 algorithms and presets from Eventide's impressive effects collection.
Legends don't die; they reinvent themselves. The Les Paul Plustop updates the much-beloved LP Standard with lively ProBucker pickups and a AAA maple top.
A solid sapele top provides the Martin GPCX2AE vibrant tone, while the macassar texture on its laminated back and sides gives off a distinct look.
Choose from a huge selection of amp and effect presets -- or create your own! The Kemper Profiler is a revolutionary approach to guitar amplifier modeling.
Plug into 120 watts of Orange tone! The CR120H is a solid-state amp head with all the warmth and grit of an Orange tube amp, thanks to its four gain stages.
Add an interesting piece of Gibson history to your collection with The Paul! The guitar's all-walnut body and 490R/498T humbuckers produce a distinct tone.
Shred like Ed on this very special Wolfgang guitar -- with a stunning flame maple archtop, a speedy maple neck and an EVH D-Tuna on the Floyd Rose tremolo.
Epiphone's version of the "Tuxedo" Les Paul features gold hardware and ProBucker pickups that can be coil-tapped when you want that single-coil bite.
Expand your tonal horizons with the CE24. Constructed with a bolt-on maple neck, this guitar's brighter tone is tempered with a pair of PRS 85/15 humbuckers.
Score a USA-made Fender for a great price. With a trio of Texas Special pickups and vintage-style vibrato bridge, the American Special Stratocaster rocks.
Plug into this reactive load box to push your tube amp into sweet distortion at any volume -- and shape your tone with Universal Audio's speaker cab models.
Practically a steal for a Taylor-built cutaway acoustic-electric, this 114ce GA Walnut is an articulate picker and strummer with some low-mid growl.
Get blacked out with the Jackson Pro Mick Thomson Soloist -- its super-thin neck profile and Blackout pickups combine to create an evil shredding machine.
Packing a huge sound into a smaller-bodied "parlor" guitar with a distinctive solid mahogany top, this GS Mini delivers that famous Taylor tone and quality.
With legs made of heavy-duty sheet metal, capped off with non-slip rubber, this affordable tripod guitar stand is built to keep your prized instrument safe.
Get Martin tone and playability for a nice price with the DRS1 guitar. Crafted with a solid sapele top, back, and sides, it's a workhorse acoustic-electric.
With even more tonal flexibility than before, the redesigned Marshall DSL100HR guitar amplifier head lets you dial in the perfect tone and make it yours.
Capable of both clear tones and dirty distortion, the Gretsch G5220 Electromatic Jet BT electric guitar amplifies your playing with clarity and definition.
The Grand Canyon provides 12 effect types, and three seconds of delay time with tap tempo and tap divide, plus a looper for up to 16 minutes of recording.
Rock like a champ. The Fender Champion 50XL combo amplifier has 12 amp tones and four stompbox effects so you can dial in the exact tone you're looking for.
Keep a foot in the past while looking toward the future with the American Pro series. This guitar's pair of V-Mod pickups sing with the classic Tele twang.
Buckle up and take this rare bird for a ride. A maple neck adds brightness, while the SP 85/15 humbuckers help smooth out this SE Custom 22's overall tone.
Loaded with a pair of P-90 pickups, this limited edition SG is packed with bark and bite. A solid rosewood fretboard features a set of small block inlays.
Pair the 5150 III head with any speaker cabinet and immerse yourself in high-gain magnificence.  This 50-watt beast boasts a duo of powerful 6L6 power tubes.
Modeled after the original '60s SG, the G-400 Exclusive Deluxe PRO features a AAA flame maple veneer top and coil-splitting Alnico Classic PRO humbuckers.
Back up your solo performance with the TRIO+. This smart pedal adds bass and drum accompaniment to your playing in 12 genres, plus it's an intuitive looper.
Feed clean, hum-free juice to power-hungry pedals -- with 4 Boss-type ACA outputs, 2 Line 6-type outputs, and 2 SAG outputs for simulating drained batteries.
When you walk out on stage holding a Bigsby-bridge G5422T with a double-cut body for easy high-fret access, the audience will know you're there to rock.
Fender pushes the limits of the Stratocaster with the American Pro series. A trio of mixed-alnico V-Mod single-coil pickups evoke the tones of yesteryear.
Put a spell on your tone with the Gibson Exclusive Run Les Paul Voodoo JuJu electric guitar. Its swamp ash body and aggressive pickups create pure vibe.
When nothing but a genuine Les Paul will do the trick, the Traditional is your best option. A pair of Burstbucker 1 and 2 pickups nail classic PAF tone.
The headless guitar rides again! This Steinberger GT-Pro features custom pickups, a lightweight poplar body, and locking tremolo system.
Six flavors of high-gain VCM amp models give you scorching tones and robust effects, as the extended stereo imaging speakers envelop you in 3-D sound.
This Pro Series Takamine 12-string acoustic-electric delivers full-bodied tone, thanks to its solid sapele back and sides complemented by a solid cedar top.
Put robust Les Paul tone at your fingertips. The 2019 Les Paul Classic builds on Gibson's legendary design, with responsiveness, sensitivity, and sustain.
Equipped with Classic '57 and '57+ humbuckers, the SG Standard T cranks out classic PAF tones. The lightweight mahogany body is ready to rock all night long.
For Tele sound but with way more versatility, check out the 3-pickup Fender Deluxe Nashville Telecaster. It's got a 5-way selector for Strat-style switching.
The SG Original nails the vibe of one of history's most desirable SG Standards with a slim '60s neck profile, '57 Classic humbuckers and a vibrola tailpiece.
This Epiphone Hardshell Case is a great way to protect your Les Paul. Don't risk your investment -- protect it with the Epiphone Les Paul Hardshell Case.
Detune your pitch from one semitone to a full octave! Use the latching function on longer passages or as a momentary effect to quickly dip down and back.
Gold hardware, including a vintage Sideways Vibrola, completes the unique look of this SGS3, while three '57 Classic humbuckers give unparalleled tone.
Loop any 1/4" instrument or XLR mic with Boss's flagship looper. The RC-300 gives you 3 stereo tracks with independent controls, and 3 hours of record time!
Welcome to the jungle -- and your guitar career! Rock out with a Slash-approved Les Paul Special-II, Slash Snakepit-15 amp, gig bag, and accessories.
This road-ready Martin is crafted with sapele back and sides, Fishman Sonitone electronics, and a Grand Performance body with a comfortable Venetian cutaway.
This limited-edition 335 combines incredible sound with gorgeous good looks and a handy Bigsby. The VOS treatment gives this beauty a gently aged appearance.
The Squier Classic Vibe '50s Telecaster is a great deal on a classic sound. A set of Alnico 5 single-coils deliver that Tele twang, with plenty of highs.
The Origin50H delivers classic, rich and harmonic all-tube tones with a contemporary, sleek style, an effects loop and Powerstem power scaling capabilities.
Thanks to Fender's Vintage Reissue series, the all-tube 22-watt combo amp that tore up the '60s is back -- with the original 12" speaker, reverb and vibrato.
This handcrafted Takamine 12-string resonates robustly via spruce and mahogany construction. A CT4B II preamp system amplifies the EF381SC's natural tone.
The lightweight, poplar-bodied Vintage Edition Les Paul is the perfect starting point for a young musician. Its uncovered humbuckers deliver pure rock tone.
The JTV59 is built to be a player's machine with endless tone-shaping capabilities. Completely transform its sound with a twist of the Model and Tune knobs.
With classic Fender style and modern craftsmanship, this Strat is ready for anything. Say goodbye to hum with the on-board 4th generation Noiseless pickups.
A thinner body and shorter 25" scale make the 12-string Ibanez AEG1812II a great choice for electric guitarists converting to acoustic guitar.
Get the look and feel of an electric with the sound of an acoustic. This brown sunburst acoustic electric features a double cutaway design giving you easy access to the higher frets.
At 120 all-tube watts, Peavey's 6505+ is a beast of an amp head. Grab the knobs to craft earth-shaking tones all your own, from classic rock to modern metal.
Get down to the business of shredding with this Floyd Rose-equipped Blackout Shred Les Paul Studio -- complete with a "murdered-out" satin black finish.
Get classic looks and tone at an affordable price. The Epiphone 1958 Explorer features a Korina body with a tight grain pattern and resonant tone.
Beginner guitars, take note: this kit includes a Silvertone SS10 guitar, an amp, and everything else you need to get started.
Get that familiar 12-string chime at a budget-friendly price! The solid spruce top and mahogany back and sides combine to create a killer, full-bodied tone.
The 60th Anniversary Classic Jazzmaster pays homage to one of Fender's most sought-after '60s models with a painted headstock, bound neck and block inlays.
Loaded with 12AX7 preamp and EL84 power tubes, the V22INFINIUM totes two independent channels with selectable reverb, cranking through a single 12" speaker.
With a set of genuine Gibson USA '57 Classic humbuckers, this Les Paul wails with fat PAF-style rock tone -- and the flame maple top looks killer to boot.
Shower yourself in the glorious midrange of an all-mahogany acoustic at a great price! The CD-60S also features a rosewood fretboard for a professional look.
Shredders take note: the Epiphone Prophecy Les Paul Custom Plus EX is back, and it's loaded with high-output EMG 81 and 85 active pickups and black hardware.
Get the most out of a variety of Boss and Roland amps with the GA-FC Foot Controller. Use the controller to switch channels, toggle reverbs, and much more!
The scaled-down design of this GS Mini Koa acoustic makes it perfect for musicians on the go, and its onboard ES-B electronics make it ready for any gig.
An incredibly accurate recreation of Peter Frampton's iconic guitar, this Epiphone Les Paul Custom features ProBucker and CeramicPRO open-coil humbuckers.
MIDI-fy your guitar with the Roland GK-3 pickup -- then put 900 inspiring and fully editable sounds at your feet with the GR-55 guitar synth pedal.
A budget-friendly entry in the Wolfgang series, the FR Standard still comes fully equipped with EVH Wolfgang pickups and a Floyd Rose Special tremolo.
The 2018 Les Paul Classic combines timeless looks with the searing bite of P-90 pickups. The non-weight-relieved body adds heft to the already beefy tone.
This 20-watt Orange tube/solid-state hybrid amplifier is perfect for the bedroom shredder. Plug it into a big cab for a sound that's anything but "micro."
Hand-signed by Peter himself, this Epiphone Les Paul Custom PRO is a faithful recreation of Peter Frampton's iconic modded, lightweight 1954 Les Paul.
Epiphone captures the classic style and responsive feel of a genuine Hummingbird acoustic, along with an added cutaway, at a price almost anyone can afford!
Featuring 14 preamp models, this head is perfect for nailing  a variety of Marshall sounds. Further customize your tone with on-board speaker cab modeling.
Designed for beginners, this Squier Telecaster features two single-coil pickups and a 21-fret Maple neck and comes in a Butterscotch finish.
Featuring 35 powerful watts, footswitchable clean and dirty channels and a fully buffered effects loop, the Crush 35RT raises the bar for practice amps.
A sharp single cutaway, slick stain finish and crunchtastic Burstbucker Pro humbuckers make the Gibson 2019 ES-235 an instant-classic semi-hollowbody.
Featuring two completely independent reverb processors, the Ventris hosts a powerful set of 12 on-board reverb engines with true spillover between presets.
Get the sound of Slipknot's Jim Root. Stripped down to its dangerous essence, this Jazzmaster offers punishing tone courtesy of EMG 81 and 60 humbuckers.
Plug into the "Vintage" channel for the rich, chiming tone of the original silverface Twin Reverb, or check out the "Custom" channel for more modern tones.
The Boss of tuner pedals! With accurate tuning over a wide range and a super-bright LED meter, it's no wonder the Boss TU-3 tuner is on so many pedalboards.
As the original rock 'n' roll disruptor, the Stratocaster has both a timeless look and tone. The alnico 5 single-coil pickup trio plays well with any genre.
The thick mahogany body of the Solo-II Custom is set off by its gorgeous flamed maple top, while the coil-tapping Pasadena pickups give it some bite.
Hook up your favorite amps and sample their unique tone with the Profiler feature, or enjoy dead-on recreations of classic amps with this 600-watt head.
This beautiful F-style mando boasts a solid spruce top and flamed maple back and sides, for a sweet, melodic sound that bluegrass and folk fans will love.
The third-generation Polytune pedal adds a Bonafide Buffer to the mix, helping you preserve your tone through long signal runs, plus an upgraded LED display.
The trusty SG Standard looks back to its roots in 2018. Featuring 61R and 61T pickups, this SG evokes the vintage tone of 1961, the model's inaugural year.
Ready for your rack, the Kemper Profiler gives you the tone of classic tube amplifiers. Or sample your favorite amp with its incredible profiling technology.
This lefty Gibson SG Special pays tribute to a time when rock was king and the riffs were huge. A pair of mini-humbuckers produce a thick, distinct sound.
Get more for less with the JS32: a compound-radius bound rosewood fretboard, Floyd Rose tremolo, and high-output humbuckers loaded into a fully bound V body.
Get the iconic look of a 1958-era 335 and the modern sound of Epiphone's Alnico Classic PRO humbuckers with coil-tapping. This semi-hollowbody delivers both.
Turn some heads with this striking double-cutaway acoustic. Designed for the electric guitarist, the Ibanez TCY10E Talman delivers warm acoustic tone.
Traditional yet modern, this mahogany acoustic guitar produces rich, open tones -- made possible by its breathable open pore natural finish.
With a striking worn maple top and gritty P-90 pickups, this Limited Edition Gibson Les Paul BFG P-90 is a true rock 'n' roll warrior.
Using his signature Fernandes Sustainer-equipped Fender Stratocaster, you too can unleash the same lush, atmospheric soundscapes as Radiohead's Ed O'Brien.
This Boss pedal case fits up to 6 effects pedals for easy transport and set-up. It can fit pedals from various manufacturers and can withstand heavy impact.
Get the same mean tone as Tony Iommi himself without breaking the bank. Equipped with Iommi's signature Gibson pickups, this guitar means serious business.
The SE Custom 24 Lefty brings classic PRS playability to the world's left-handed players via 85/15 "S" pickups, a wide thin maple neck and molded tremolo.
Crank out classic Tele twang with this Player Series offering. A beautiful Pau Ferro fretboard adds a strong midrange while keeping this Tele looking classy.
Get awesome Ibanez playability for a unbelievable price with the AS53. Crafted from sapele and mahogany, this semi-hollow beauty sounds great even unplugged!
Perfect for anything from jazz to rock, the AS73G has tone in its DNA. The maple body adds bite, while the mellow Artcore humbuckers smooth everything out.
Get that jazz-box look plus electrifying Gretsch tone with the G5420T Electromatic hollowbody, complete with Filter'Trons and a Bigsby to ensure awesomeness.
Get Boss Katana sound through your cab of choice with this 100-watt amp head. Built-in Boss effects and amp models let you dial in tones from clean to mean.
Rip like Randy with the added punch of Seymour Duncan Blackout active pickups. The RRX24 also features a Floyd Rose for whammy bar thrills.
Clapton's signature Strat comes loaded with Fender's Vintage Noiseless pickups, a powerful active mid boost, TBX circuits, and a soft-V-shaped maple neck.
A versatile semi-hollow from the SE series, this Custom 22 comes loaded with 85/15 "S" humbuckers for wide-ranging tone and an eye-catching flame maple top.
Rock out in vintage style with this tinted lacquered tweed amp. This all-tube screamer is equipped with a Jensen C-12N speaker for even more old-school vibe.
Featuring a pair of Texas Special single-coil pickups, a matching headstock, and American-made quality, this American Special Tele offers tons of value.
Model some of Marshall's most famous amplifiers with the CODE100 combo. Featuring 14 preamp models, choose from classic amp models like the Plexi or JCM 800.
Sporting aggressive 490R/490T pickups, a Slim Taper neck and a subtle worn finish, the 2018 Gibson Les Paul faded is a stripped-down rock 'n' roll machine.
Travel the world with a Martin by your side. This portable Martin acoustic features a beautiful Hawaiian koa body, and includes a gig bag.
Save space and play in comfort with this combination performance seat and guitar stand from Gator. Includes micro-suede patch on seat to rest guitar neck on.
Pair this 2x12 cab with the EVH 5150III MX head and wail with all the tone of Van Halen himself. Includes two 30-watt Celestion Heritage speakers.
With the APX-600, you'll get plenty of bang for your buck. A vibrant spruce top and dynamic SYSTEM65 electronics ensure you'll sound great in any situation.
Modeled after Friedman's BE-100 amplifier, the BE-OD provides tight, heavy distortion that can easily find its way into the classic "brown sound" territory.
Combine the feel of a classical guitar with the looks and performance of a solid body. Output the signal of each string thanks to the RMC pickup system.
With its rounded neck profile, classic PAF pickups, and non-weight-relieved mahogany body, this Gibson 2018 Les Paul Traditional lives up to its name.
Play literally anywhere with the Boss Katana Air wireless combo amplifier -- it comes with a wireless guitar transmitter, and can run on batteries if needed.
Inspired by Gibson SGs of the late '60s, the affordable G-400 PRO boasts a solid mahogany body, pau ferro fretboard, and coil-tappable Alnico Pro pickups.
Want the pinnacle of modern playability in a Les Paul? The Gibson 2019 Les Paul Standard HP features a slim taper neck and Alnico 5 Burstbucker pickups.
A break-resistant high-carbon steel core and plain steel alloy improve tuning stability and create a higher frequency response and output.
Take your tone to the next level with the Mustang GT-40. Loaded with tons of amp and effects models, this amp also features a USB out for easy recording.
A matching headstock and '70s logo give this American Special Strat a unique vibe, complemented by Texas Special pickups and a Greasebucket tone circuit.
With both 1/4" and XLR inputs, this stereo looper pedal has a 3-hour internal memory. Record up to 99 loops, add Boss effects, and even export loops via USB.
This gig-worthy Epiphone AJ210CE dreadnought features discreet Shadow electronics, a comfortable poplar composite fretboard and cutaway for easy playing.
Get Boss GT multi-effects in a pedal that's light, compact and rugged enough to travel anywhere. Powered by 4 AA batteries, the GT-1 fits in your gig bag.
Capable of delay and lush stereo reverb, the Avalanche Run V2 cures the itch for aural exploration with full control over delay time, repeats, mix and voice.
Show off your darker side with this LE Hummingbird. Country musician Eric Church's signature Gibson looks fantastic with its translucent ebony burst finish.
Lefties, get your hands on the devilishly iconic Gibson SG at a price that'll make your jaw drop. A pair of 490R and 490T pickups crank out classic SG tone.
Whether you play country or classic rock, acoustic guitars don't get much more iconic than the Hummingbird. This Epiphone PRO boasts a Shadow pickup system.
This robust, 15-watt '65 Princeton Reverb has been reissued with a single 25-watt Celestion Greenback and a smart British "Racing Green" tolex covering.
Each Striped Series guitar is modeled after one of Eddie Van Halen's homemade masterpieces -- with an EVH locking tremolo and D-Tuna for easy drop D tuning.
This limited edition SG Naked lives up to its name with a stripped-down vintage gloss finish over mahogany and a pair of P-90 pickups for fat, defined tone.
This limited-edition Epiphone Hummingbird PRO takes the elegant look and acoustic tone you love from the original, and adds a cutaway for better fret access.
Thanks to all-solid tonewoods and Shadow pickups, the Epiphone Masterbilt DR-500MCE acoustic-electric offers enormous tone for a not-so-enormous price.
With a host of upgrades like glow-in-the-dark fretboard side dots and contoured body, plus US-wound Custom pickups, the Synyster Gates Custom rocks any gig.
Enjoy the warm, mellow tone of all-mahogany construction with this Fender CD-60SCE. On-board Fishman electronics will ensure beautiful sound in any setting.
Take a quest to the dark side with the 50-watt Randall Satan head. A pair of channels go from squeaky clean to super-saturated to satisfy the lords of metal.
This mid-sized orchestra guitar is built mostly from African mahogany for warm tone with wide open midrange and treble, perfect for all-around players.
With a Floyd Rose tremolo and a built-in Sustainiac driver for infinite sustain and feedback, the Schecter C1FRS Apocalypse has everything you need to rock.
A historic hollowbody at heart, this Limited ES-330 also incorporates modern enhancements like titanium saddles and a hand-wired MTC Plus control assembly.
Loaded with EL34 power tubes powering three distinct channels, the Bugera 333XL-Infinium churns out the power and tone you need for any genre.
An enduring classic that has traversed generations of players and genres, the 2017 Martin D-28 is updated for a modern playing feel with no tonal compromise.
Designed to complement John Jorgenson's eclectic skill set, this 12-string model pairs spruce and bubinga for rich tone with deep lows and clear upper mids.
Get started playing with the Silvertone SSL3 Package. The SSL3 Package includes everything the budding guitarist needs to commence rocking.
This 40-watt monster is loaded with rich solid-state tone and versatile onboard effects -- making it the perfect workhorse amp for gigs and studio rigs.
Sturdy and rugged, this backpack fits your Line 6 Helix floorboard perfectly, protects it while you travel to gigs, and offers extra room for accessories.
Featuring a AA flamed maple top, the Les Paul Signature Player Plus was made for the stage. A pair of blistering Bursbucker Pro pickups ensure fat tone.
The Fender '68 Custom Deluxe Reverb packs 22 watts into two channels: "Vintage" for the rich sound of the original, and "Custom" for modern high-gain tones.
An incredible value, this Tele-style string-through-body beauty boasts a maple neck, maple fretobard and coil-tappable Schecter SuperRock II humbuckers.
Break out the limbo bar because you're going low with this SE Custom 277 Baritone. Tuned B to B, this SE model sounds mega heavy through any player's rig.
Perfect for the player who needs maximum versatility, the Mustang GT-100 is packed with 21 classic amp models and 47 different effects to nail any tone.
Capable of musical clean tones as well as gain-heavy riffage, the Charvel Pro Mod DK24 HH FR is a high-performance electric guitar that can handle any style.
Reproduce the tones of the beastly 6505 in a smaller, low-wattage package. At 20 watts, this mini head can be pushed to the limit for extreme studio gain.
Featuring a rotary knob with the classic sounds of nine different Tube Screamer pedals, the JHS Bonsai Screamer is sure to fulfill any player's overdrive zen.
The Epiphone Casino Archtop delivers classic looks and classic sound. With a pair of dog-ear P-90s, this hollowbody electric is a truly versatile guitar.
Do you like to collect guitars? With this sturdy, folding guitar stand, you can display up to five guitars and keep them handy for when you're ready to play.
Solid-state tone gets an Orange makeover with the CR120C Crush combo amp. Two channels and 3-band EQ give this guitar amp amazing sonic versatility.
Boasting performance upgrades like a two-point synchronized tremolo, Noiseless pickups, and locking tuners, the Deluxe Stratocaster lives up to its name.
Ready, set, shred! The Kramer Baretta Special has sound and attitude in spades thanks to its offset Alnico V humbucker and fast-playing maple neck.
The Ibanez RGA42FM has serious rock and roll attitude. With a flame maple top and a Wizard II neck, the Ibanez RGA42FM is perfect for rock applications.
Taylor's modern-day answer to the parlor guitar, the GS Mini Walnut acoustic packs robust voicing into a fun-size package that's ideal for players on the go.
This cabinet's rugged construction makes for a thicker tone with ultimate projection. It features 4 Celestion Vintage 30 speakers and flush cabinet handles.
Featuring a double-bound body, Squier humbucker pickups and signature finishes, the Squier John 5 J5 Telecaster is brought to you by the "Tele-King" himself!
Chock-full of incredible tone and fantastic value, this SG Special VE is ready to be yours. A pair of open-coil humbuckers provide smooth, high-output tone.
Not just a sight for sore eyes, the PRS SE Zach Meyers has a bold tone that works for anything and everything, from whisper quiet to "The Sound of Madness"!
Want the tone and look of an ES-335 in a smaller package? The Gibson ES-339 semi-hollowbody guitar boasts a lighter body, MHS pickups and a rounded "C" neck.
The Epiphone E519 is a great way to protect your 335-style guitar. Put your equipment in good hands with the Epiphone E519.
Sound great in any venue thanks to the pro-quality Fishman electronics inside the FA-235E. This full-sized dreadnought is perfect for any serious guitarist.
With a pair of Classic PRO humbuckers, and a smaller body size than a ES-335 or Casino, the Epiphone ES-339 PRO is a versatile, comfortable semi-hollowbody.
This Dinky delivers big tone for a not-so-big price. Loaded with high-output ceramic-magnet humbuckers, the Jackson JS32 Dinky is perfect for playing metal.
The Peavey 6505 Plus 112 Combo is a great way to be heard. With 60 watts of all-tube power, the Peavey 6505 Plus 112 sounds good on any stage.
A 250W power amp, 12" hybrid driver and built-in speaker models with up to 128 presets make the PowerCab 112 Plus the perfect companion for your modeler.
This ergonomic Sterling Majesty axe sports Petrucci's favorite features, like locking tuners, custom pickups, active boost and radical carbon fiber looks.
Looking for your first guitar? Look no further! The Arcadia DL38 acoustic guitar package comes with a tuner, a bag, extra strings, a chord chart and a guide.
Orange's Tiny Terror amp goes Dark with an extra 12AX7 tube for massive gain and furious breakup. A 15-watt monster, the DA15H Dark Terror is made for metal!
This collaboration with Bring Me The Horizon's Lee Malia presents an iconic RD body shape with Gibson USA pickups and vintage-style "Artisan" appointments.
The RG1003H amp head's high-performance FET circuits provide the classic crunch and highly focused low end that has become the signature Randall sound.
Squeeze 40 creamy watts out of this bona fide tone machine. Ready for both stage and studio, the Hot Rod Deluxe delivers clear articulation at any volume.
Epiphone's 12-string acoustic sports a mahogany body, bound spruce top, mahogany neck, poplar composite fretboard and chrome hardware -- all for an amazing price!
Able to model any tone you can conceive and voice it accurately at any volume, the Line 6 Firehawk 1500 is more robust and versatile than any tube amp.
Loaded with 128 present tones, the 240HC provides near limitless inspiration. This head includes full-range stereo speakers to jam at home without the cab.
Featuring a familiar look and feel, the Silver Sky offers a host of PRS enhancements. The guitar's trio of 635JM single-coils sing with strength and clarity.
Gary Clark Jr.'s signature Gibson SG features a trio of P-90 pickups for a versatile array of aggressive tones suitable for the deepest blues.
Crafted from a korina wood body just like the original Flying Vs, this Epiphone delivers classic looks and tone with gold hardware and alnico humbuckers.
Rugged and reliable, this hardshell case from ESP LTD ensures that you EC-Series guitar arrives at the next gig ready to rock.
Take yourself higher with this stunning SE Mark Tremonti signature axe. Loaded with PRS Tremonti "S" pickups, this guitar has a clear yet aggressive voice.
A solid-state pedal that somehow nails the sound of an overdriven tube amp, Ibanez's ever-popular Tube Screamer will drench your signal in sweet distortion.
Pick up the ESP LTD EC-256 and you'll find a top quality mahogany body, three-piece neck and LH-150 humbuckers -- all for an extremely affordable price tag.
The Fender Champion 20 combo amp packs 20 watts of power and a multitude of authentic-sounding effects -- and cranks it all through a heavy-duty 8" speaker.
Peavey's Vypyr amps are like a guitar toolbox. A plethora of amp models, effects, outputs and inputs are available in this versatile 20-watt amp.
The American Elite Strat represents a refined interpretation of the Fender legacy. The Shawbucker perfectly complements the 4th generation Noiseless pickups.
Honoring the original 1960s-era "Solid Guitar," this Epiphone G-400 PRO features Alnico Classic PRO humbuckers with push/pull coil-splitting capabilities.
Packaged in the classic blonde tolex of early '60s Twin Reverbs, this Limited Edition '65 Reverb is bursting with crystal-clear and harmonically rich tone.
Sonically flexible and packed with style, this Player Stratocaster HSS sports a "Modern C" maple neck and a Player Series Alnico 5 humbucker in the bridge.
A complete guitar suite in a small package! This multieffects pedal features over 180 amp and effects models and a USB output for recording to your computer.
Tap-tempo, subdivisions, tails and over a second of 100% analog repeats make the DOD Rubberneck one of the most versatile analog delay pedals on the market.
The Pantheon recreates the familiar break up and tonal nuance of the sought-after Marshall BluesBreaker pedal, enhancing any guitar or amp's natural voice.
With three P-90 pickups, a Bigsby tremolo, and supremely elegant appointments, the Epiphone Riviera Custom sings with enticing vintage tone and style.
Enjoy serious Orange tone with this Orange 1x12" guitar cabinet. The Celestion Vintage 30 speaker can handle an unheard-of amount of overdrive.
Built with Taylor's "Grand Concert" body shape for a focused sound, the A12e Academy acoustic-electric has built-in ES-B electronics and an on-board tuner.
Designed in conjunction with Periphery's Misha Mansoor, the Invective.120 features a tight noise gate, cab-simulated output and MIDI out/thru connections.
A Venetian cutaway provides easy access to the upper register of this Taylor 314ce V-Class, while Expression System 2 electronics provide incredible tone.
For the most demanding pedalboards, this power supply features 12 isolated outputs, with 6 capable of handling high-current digital effects pedals.
Gibson pays homage to its own history with this stunning Tribute model. The guitar's maple and mahogany body pairs well with the 490R and 490T humbuckers.
Another Fender classic, this Telecaster sports 21 medium jumbo frets, a custom vintage-style Broadcaster bridge and a custom Twisted Tele neck pickup for that famous Telecaster twang.
The Schecter KM7's swamp ash body and carbon fiber-reinforced 9-ply 26.5" scale thru-neck combine to deliver clear, resonant tone and a fast, smooth feel.
This isn't your grandpa's Jazzmaster! The Player Series model features a pair of killer alnico 2 humbuckers that'll give your overall sound a sizzling edge.
Designed to fit most any jumbo-styled acoustic guitar, this hardshell guitar case from Epiphone will get your acoustic to the next gig without a scratch.
Record up to 3 hours of material and store up to 99 loops with this pedal. It features a rhythm guide that sounds like real drums.
Get more out of your playing with this upgraded Tele. Explore more tones with the S-1 system, which switches the pickups between parallel and series wiring.
Blast off into the iconic tones of classic EVH with this 50-watt monster of an amp. EL34 power tubes add iconic British-style snarl for aggressive overdrive.
Developed with UK guitar virtuoso Guthrie Govan, this signature model screams with specially wound Charvel custom MF pickups and a locking Tremol-No bridge.
Delightfully crush your signal into synth-like bloops and bleeps with the Data Corrupter. You'll experiment for days thanks to the pedal's powerful controls.
This Ovation acoustic-electric is a truly distinctive guitar, with a multi-soundhole design on the bass side of the body to enhance your lows and midrange.
Looking for the features of the PPC412 in a smaller package? The solution is the Crush Pro 4x12, featuring custom Orange speakers inside a lighter cabinet.
Blast some classic Marshall grind through a pair of Celestion Seventy/Eighty speakers. Able to handle up to 160 watts, this cab pairs well with many heads.
The Yamaha JR1 FG-Series guitar is a great way to get started playing. The JR1 is a smaller scale - ideal for younger players.
Get Les Paul sound for less! This Epiphone features the classic carved maple top on a mahogany body, and alnico humbuckers with individual volume and tone.
With its CBS-era headstock and HSS configuration, this American Special Strat oozes '70s style with modern touches like Texas Special and Atomic pickups.
Fly twice as high with the rainbow-hued Epiphone Les Paul Tribute Prizm Plus. Includes one mellow '57 Classic humbucker and one extra-hot '57 Classic Plus.
Power up to 8 of your favorite pedals with this pedalboard. It's injection molded from rubber, making it both lightweight and durable.
With ten different delay effects and a full-featured looper, the Canyon packs more power than pedals taking up three times the pedalboard real estate.
Channel your inner Tony Iommi with this lefty SG Standard. A pair of Classic '57 and '57 Plus humbuckers crank out smooth tones that'll make your amp sing.
Take this light and portable acoustic amp with you wherever you go. It features 60 watts of acoustic power and digital reverb and chorus effects.
The Boss GT-100 puts a huge amp collection at your feet. With this modeling pedal's easy-to-use interface, you can dial in that sound in your head -- fast!
The Schecter Diamond Series Hardshell Case is a great way to transport your C, Damien, Omen, or Stiletto series Schecter guitar. Protect your investment with the Schecter Diamond Series Hardshell Case.
The Epiphone Goth Les Paul offers a dark perspective on the LP. With dual '57 Classic humbuckers and a dead black finish, this Les Paul can wake the dead.
Packed with eleven reverb modes, an internal tails switch and powerful hidden parameters, the Electro-Harmonix Oceans 11 is a "swiss army knife" of reverb.
The Hall of Fame 2 reverb sports the original's features, plus MASH, which lets you control an onboard shimmer reverb algorithm with octave pitch shifting.
This Kramer SM-1 has a serious need for speed. With a through mahogany neck, Floyd Rose FRT-1000 tremolo and EMG pickups, it's primed for a true shredder.
Built to the specs of country legend Brad Paisley, this Tele shines on any stage. A lightweight paulownia and spruce body creates an acoustic-like resonance.
Go PRO with this classic Dove acoustic-electric. Equipped with the Fishman Sonitone preamp and Sonicore pickup system, this Epiphone is ready for the stage.
A true original since arriving in 1958, 2018's incarnation of the Gibson Explorer is loaded with a Burstbucker 2 and 3 for incredibly rich and focused tone.
Channel the legendary tone of B.B. King with the Epiphone Lucille guitar. With features specified by the bluesman himself, this semi-hollowbody really wails.
Start playing guitar on this full-size dreadnought acoustic! An incredible value, this pack includes a digital tuner, padded gig bag, strap, picks and more.
Stomp on the Tumnus for that mythical overdrive tone without the large footprint or price tag. Go from boost to full overdrive with a flick of the gain dial.
Get that classic Jazz Chorus clean tone in a 40-watt amp! Enjoy the same stereo capabilities of its bigger brother with the two inputs and dual 10" speakers.
Easy-playing and loaded with Fender Noiseless single-coil pickups, this American Elite Telecaster represents the cutting edge in workhorse players' guitars.
KISS guitarist Tommy Thayer's "White Lightning" Explorer is armed with Seymour Duncan JB humbuckers and a chrome pickguard to complete its sharp look.
With its compound-radius fretboard, bolt-on neck, and easily adjustable truss rod, the Charvel Pro Mod DK24 HH FR guitar is a power tool for precise playing.
With a comfortable neck, cutaway, and onboard Fishman electronics, the Martin GPC12PA4 12-string is a great choice for gigging guitarists.
With striking aesthetics, comfortable jumbo frets, and multiple pickups for tonal versatility, the Ibanez RG550 Genesis lets you rock your own way.
This Line 6 V412 was made to look and sound incredible on the stage. This 240-watt cabinet pairs up nicely with the 240HC head for an all-out sonic assault.
Once again, Gretsch has delivered a classy and affordable axe the way only Gretsch can. The G2622T has Broad'Trons, a Bigsby, and a rock 'n' roll heart.
The standard by which all others are judged, this 2019 model features a beautiful AAA-grade flamed maple top, and a pair of warm and sweet Burstbucker Pros.
Use this adapter to power most of your pedals and devices that require 9 volts. The PSA-120S2 complies with updated US energy efficiency requirements.
Seemingly custom-made for raw, blistering rock 'n' roll, this SG is a face-melting machine. A pair of P-90 pickups offer raucous mids that liven up any amp.
Nail true Les Paul tone -- all in a light, comfortable guitar that's extremely easy to play with the 9-hole weight relief of this Les Paul Classic Lite.
The Off The Wall Guitar Hanger lets you protect and display your guitars with pride. This model of the Off The Wall Guitar Hanger works for standard necks.
A HPL top and Stratabond neck make this Martin an affordable choice that resonates with quality tone. Fishman Sonitone electronics make recording easy.
Get heavy duty protection for your beloved Stratocaster or Telecaster with this deluxe molded case, featuring a stackable design and TSA-approved latches.
With a two-tier design, detachable risers, and a professional carrying bag, the Friedman Tour Pro 1530 pedalboard is versatile and ready to hit the road.
Designed for legendary Judas Priest guitarist Richie Faulkner, this Flying V sports a pair of EMG active humbuckers and a Floyd Rose locking tremolo bridge.
Never play without a drummer again! Made especially for guitarists, the SDRUM is a compact drum machine that's perfect for working out song arrangements.
Have all the tones! Zoom's G5n multi-effects pedal boasts 68 DSP effects, 10 amp and cab sims, plus stereo outputs and USB out for seamless recording.
Redesigned with a more versatile EQ, Softube emulated output, and adjustable power settings, the Marshall DSL20HR amplifier head sounds great at any volume.
From classic funk to modern rock, the Crybaby delivers that iconic wah-wah sound you know and love -- built to the same tough-as-nails specs as the original.
Achieve powerful, shimmering 12-string tone from the solid spruce and flamed maple constructed jumbo body of the affordable Takamine GJ72CE.
Martin looks to the future while nodding at the past with the herringbone-adorned 2018 Redesign HD-28. A thinner high performance neck makes playing a joy.
Crank out some classic Tele twang with the equipped Texas Special pickups. The alder body adds a decidedly vintage Fender flavor to your overall guitar tone.
Want to use your Line 6 modeling amp live? You'll want the FBV3 foot controller -- its footswitches, expression pedal and LCD screen control your models.
Protect and carry your Epiphone dreadnought acoustic in fine fashion in this Epiphone case. Its plush lining and locking tabs keep your guitar secure.
Nothing makes a statement like a Jackson V guitar. The Pro King V KV delivers screaming tone with clear note articulation and graphite-reinforced stability.
Built to create a punishing wall of sound, this Les Paul Junior is all attitude. A single '57 Classic humbucker is all you need to make that Green Day sound.
This pedalboard-mountable head packs 45 watts of power as well as a full on-board EQ, gain control, effects loop, and outputs for headphones and speakers.
Get classic Martin tone on stage or in the studio with Martin's onboard intelligence. The F1 Anolog electronics give you tone shaping capabilities and more.
Whether you're jamming in your den or gigging a club, the Marshall Origin20H will deliver true ECC83/EL84 tone thanks to its Powerstem power scaling options.
Perfect for players of all skill levels, this acoustic guitar features a solid spruce top for pro tone. A Fishman CD preamp enhances your sound at any gig.
Record, undo/redo, stop, and erase with your foot. Designed by guitarists, for guitarists, the tiny Ditto pedal makes looping simple with a one-knob design.
Crafted from solid Sitka spruce and Indian rosewood, this Guild jumbo acoustic-electric sings with stellar projection, enhanced by a Fishman Sonitone pickup.
With an aged satin-finished mahogany body, set neck and pau ferro fretboard, the Worn G-400 gives you that vintage SG look and feel, minus the vintage price.
You'll sound like a choir of angels after strumming the A40E Angelus. This PRS acoustic features a solid Sitka spruce top for a brilliant top-end sheen.
With an easy-to-use one-piece design and rubber foam padding on all points of contact, this Hercules rack is a secure, simple way to store your guitars.

Get the sound of your favorite analog and digital delays with the Nemesis. Choose from 12 on-board delay models and download 12 more on the Neuro mobile app.
Loaded with a pair of EMG JH Signature active humbuckers and emblazoned with Iron Cross graphics, this ESP LTD axe delivers Hetfield-approved tone and style.
With a Sustainiac pickup, EMG Active 81 pickup and Floyd Rose tremolo, the Schecter Damien Platinum 6 FR-S guitar will blow minds and keep your fingers busy.
The C-6 Plus is an affordable Diamond Series Schecter designed for heavy metal players who want to pull off searing leads as well as thick, crunchy rhythms.
Get all the perks of a regular Firebird without the higher price! The 496R and 500T humbuckers crank out a volatile mix of smooth tone and aggressive power.
Don't let the cost of vintage Jazzmasters keep you from owning one. This budget-friendly model features a pau ferro fretboard and special design pickups.
Built to the same dimensions as vintage ES-style semi-hollow guitars, the Epiphone Dot Deluxe electric rocks Alnico Classic humbuckers for full-range tone.
Go from tasteful, small-room reverb to ambient, modulated trails with the Walrus Audio Fathom's modifiable Hall, Plate, Lo-fi and Sonar reverb algorithms.
A faithful recreation of a classic, the '65 Princeton Reverb is a fantastic amp for recording, with 15 watts of all-tube glory through a Jensen C10R speaker.
An assortment of amp models, effects pedals, instrument models, inputs and outputs, and an on-board looper make this 100-watt amp a tonal chameleon.
A favorite on the vintage market, the RD provides radical looks and tone. This 2018 model does not disappoint, with GEM active pickups and gold hardware.
Upgraded with ProBucker humbucking pickups, coil-tapping and Graphtech nut, the Sheraton-II PRO is the modernized version of this classic semi-hollow guitar.
Enjoy the same tone you love from a Princeton Reverb with vintage-inspired cosmetics. This 12-watt amp also includes tube-powered tremolo and spring reverb.
The American Professional Telecaster's Tim Shaw-designed V-Mod pickups and Deep C-shaped neck perfectly blend the familiar and the futuristic.
Sport the looks of a well-loved Gibson fresh out of the box thanks to the faded gloss nitro finish on this 2018 SG Faded, loaded with 490R/490T PAF pickups.
Bust out your best jazz licks on the Emperor-II PRO. This Joe Pass signature model features Epiphone ProBucker pickups for hearty vintage tone.
A Roland guitar synth output, onboard preamp, and 3-band EQ power the dynamic and unique acoustic and electric sounds found in this versatile guitar.
The V55 INFINIUM comes loaded with three 12AX7 preamp tubes and two 6L6 power tubes, making it a 55-watt boutique workhorse, with two-channel versatility.
Rock classic '70s Fender style with modern appointments. This sweet number comes with Duncan Designed pickups, a lively basswood body, and a rosewood neck.
A classic gets a modern makeover with the Epiphone Slash Firebird. Includes Slash signature humbuckers and a transparent finish with a AAA flame maple top.
This Grand Auditorium acoustic electric is ready for the stage right away. With its solid spruce top, you'll project clearly whether you plug in or not.
With its top, back, and sides made from mahogany, the Ibanez AW54CE Artwood delivers rich, well-rounded sound whether you're plugged in or playing acoustic.
This attractive acoustic-electric combines a grand concert body and classical guitar styling with modern refinements like a Fishman Sonicore pickup.
The Dunlop Dual Design Straplok is a great way to guard your instrument. Never worry about your guitar or bass falling with the Dunlop Dual Design Straplok.
Rich, warm, well-balanced tone without any harshness -- that's the sound you get from this solid-mahogany acoustic. And it's one of Martin's most affordable.
With a mahogany body loaded with a pair of MP-90 single-coils, the affordable Modern Player Telecaster Thinline is a fantastic choice for your first Tele.
Want your lap steel tone to stand out? Plug in this semi-hollow quilted-maple lap steel guitar from Vorson, and your slippery leads will really sing.
Free from hum, noise and inductance issues, these Fishman Fluence Modern humbuckers are the perfect drop-in replacement for your standard humbucker pickups.
This Player Series Jag is made to rock, with an instantly playable 24" short-scale, Pau Ferro fretboard, and bridge humbucker to crank out blistering tone.
The ESP LTD KH-602 offers tone and attitude fit for Kirk Hammett. With EMG KH Bone Breaker pickups and a Floyd Rose 1000 tremolo, this ESP lets you ride the lightning.
A favorite of players from many backgrounds, the Deluxe Telecaster Thinline's distinctive voice is supercharged with a pair of Vintage Noiseless pickups.
With its Ultra-Modern weight relief, this is one Les Paul you'll play all night long. The 490R and 498T humbuckers offer classic LP tone with a modern twist.
Get down and dirty with this Stephen Carpenter signature 8-string baritone guitar. Access a number of tones thanks to the active Fishman Fluence SRC pickups.
Safely carry two guitars at once with this ingenious guitar case. Mono's simple and rugged design makes this case a must-have for musicians that plan ahead.
This update to the Fender Mustang I, the V.2, has even more amp models, effects, and total USB connectivity to let you tap into the Fender FUSE network.
The Richie Kotzen signature Tele deftly combines flashy good looks and superior modern playability. A pair of DiMarzio pickups make this one versatile axe.
Mixing classic reverb tones like room, hall, and spring with out-there modulation, shimmer and delay+reverb settings, the RV-6 is the only reverb you need.
With a 2x10 setup and wide spread, the stereo-capable Rocker 32 is perfect for pedal-happy players looking for a full-range delivery that doesn't lack life.
Honor the classic look and sound of '60s Fender Silverface amps with this '68 Custom Deluxe, dressed in blue and loaded with a single Celestion Creamback.
Get the great tone and dynamics of the original '65 Princeton Reverb with this affordable, roadworthy reissue, wrapped in brown "western" textured vinyl.
With switchable buffered or true-bypass operation, the Tumnus Deluxe is Wampler's perfected take on the highly regarded Centaur-style transparent overdrive.
Smooth overdriven tone with plenty of punch is this cabinet's calling card. Perfect for high-gain tones and crispy cleans.
Despite its mind-boggling number of amp, cab, and effect models, the V 120 is deceptively simple to control. At 120 watts, this amp is ready for any stage.
The classic Blues Junior tube amp comes in a limited-run blonde tolex covering with brown wheatcloth grille, for vintage looks to match its vintage tone.
The Boss DD-7 is one of music's most popular digital delays. With reengineered delay modes and up to 6.4 seconds of delay time, it's a pedalboard staple.
Shift your pitch up or down without touching your tuning pegs. Create hammer-on and pull-off effects with your feet. DigiTech's Whammy DT pedal does it all.
Spice things up with this Parallel Universe Tele. The semi-hollow body is outfitted with a pair of TV Jones Classic pickups for a truly old-school style.
Delivering solid-state tone without the harshness, the warm-sounding Orange OR60C combo amp gives you crystal-clear cleans and crispy, thick distortion.
Get the look and sound of a '50s Strat without spending an arm and a leg. A trio of American Vintage '56 single-coils deliver period-correct Strat tones.
Blending sharp looks with player-centric features like active pickups and a slim, fast neck, this Jazzmaster is a trailblazing rendition of a Fender classic.
Say goodbye to multiple amp/effects setups and get over 100 amp and effect models -- and up to 500 user presets -- at your fingertips with the VYPER Pro!
This Alvarez Masterworks Dreadnought booms with all-solid African mahogany construction and a LR Baggs StagePro EQ preamp to amplify all of its gorgeous tone.
Don't sacrifice tone while practicing. The Yamaha THR10 has accurate tube-modeling tone, even at low volume -- and its USB output is easy to record with.
Sporting a DiMarzio The Chopper neck pickup and Mo' Joe bridge pickup devised by Satch himself, this signature model Ibanez lives up to its namesake.
Add some vintage '50s flair to your rig with this killer Japanese-made Strat. A stylish competition stripe adds a distinctive look to this classic model.
"Get a latching and unlatching-style footswitch in one convenient unit. Each footswitch can either be assigned latching or momentary-type operation.
For jangly, chorus-y guitar tones with the warmth of a hollowbody, look no further than the Gretsch G5422G12, a double-cut electric with Filter'Tron pickups.
The focused and resonant Ovation CE44 Celebrity Elite's mid-depth Lyrachord body with Elite multi-soundhole creates a sparking tone picked or strummed.
Modern substance meets '70s style with this guitar. It comes loaded with Duncan Designed pickups, a lively basswood body, and a sleek maple neck.
A trio of DiMarzio's most potent pickups and an Edge-Zero II tremolo bridge make this Ibanez well-equipped for prog, djent, or any heavy genre you can name.
Lay down slick tones with the Strokes guitarist's signature axe. Authentic '70s style and a custom pickup switching system make this Strat something special.
Designed to fit most any standard-shaped electric guitar, the stylish-looking On-Stage GCE7000 hard case will give your prized axe the protection it needs.
Evoking a musically adventurous decade, this Classic Vibe '60s Stratocaster sports a '60s-era vintage-tint maple neck and alnico V single-coil pickups.
True shredders only. This C-1 Elite is made for speed and searing leads, complete with a Sustainiac bridge pickup, Floyd Rose 1500 trem and ultra-thin neck.
With 120 watts of power, this Fishman acoustic amp fills the room with gorgeous clean tone. Sweeten your sound with onboard reverb, chorus, delay and more.
With 720 seconds of stereo looping time, the 720 accommodates 10 independent loops -- all controllable via stop, undo-redo, reverse and half-speed functions.
You don't have to be a keyboardist to create incredible Mellotron sounds! The MEL9 recreates anything from rich orchestral sounds to the iconic flute tone.
Do everything with a smaller pedal! The Walrus Audio ARP87 multi-function delay has four delay types, feedback swell, delay time ratio selection, and more.
Chiming and dynamic, the Celestion Vintage 30 speakers inside this rugged birch plywood cabinet will bring the smallest details of your playing to life.
This lefty Les Paul Tribute captures the spirit of classic models with a non-weight-relieved body, vintage-style tuners and knobs, and 490R/498T humbuckers.
Protect your acoustic guitar with the Gator GC-Dread hard case. The GC-Dread's dimensions make it a great fit for almost all dreadnought-style bodies.
Practice is fun again! The JS-10 gives you a 2.1 sound system loaded with 350+ audio loops, 50 songs, tons of onboard guitar effects, and dual inputs.
Designed to snugly fit your SG-style guitar, the Epiphone EGCS Hardshell Case keeps your guitar safe whether' it's on the road or tucked away at home.
The Vox AC15C1 Custom offers chiming, classic Vox tone. With Normal and Top-Boost channels, plus spring reverb, this tube amp will take you back to the '60s.
A faithful re-creation of the original 1969 Big Muff, the Triangle Big Muff sports the same iconic Volume, Sustain and Tone control knob configuration.
The On-Stage RS7000 Amp Stand is a great way to be heard on stage. Put your amp on the RS7000 amp stand and you won't have to hope for good stage monitors.
Walk on stage with this guitar and you'll be sure to turn heads! With vintage-inspired style, this Fastback features dual humbuckers and a Bigsby tailpiece.
The sound, power, and style of a '60s Fender Strat is now within reach. A stunning Fiesta Red nitrocellulose lacquer finish adds to the guitar's beauty.
Process two independent signal paths through over 100 stackable effects and rich, dynamic HD amp models -- only with the POD HD Pro X rackmount processor.
This parlor-sized acoustic guitar offers charming vintage looks, easy playability, and crystal-clear tones for performers and hobbyists alike.
Featuring classy appointments like gold hardware, extensive binding, and mother-of-pearl inlays, the Gibson Les Paul Custom is always a fantastic choice.
Get the best of both worlds with this Fender Player Stratocaster HSS Plus Top, loaded with a pair of Alnico 5 single coils and a humbucker in the bridge.
Get USA build quality for a great price. Texas Special single-coils give this Telecaster plenty of bite, while the Greasebucket circuit rounds out your tone.
Slime up your rig with this signature Dean Dimebag ML. With its Floyd Rose Special tremolo bridge and locking nut, you can master Darryl's iconic dive bombs.
This two-channel tweed beauty sings the blues with 40 watts through a 12" Eminence Special Design speaker. Classic Fender spring reverb sweetens your sound.
Boss does digital delay right with the DD-500! Choose from 12 delay modes -- tape echoes to edgy filters -- then shape and save your sounds on the large LCD.
No ordinary classical guitar, this Godin boasts a chambered maple body and koa top for a unique feel, and a 13-pin output for a wealth of guitar synth tones.
Fender's American Special Stratocaster HSS delivers made-in-the-USA quality at an unheard-of price. An Atomic humbucker in the bridge gives your tone a kick.
Dressed in high-end appointments, the Gibson 2019 ES-339 Semi-Hollowbody guitar has a hand-wired control assembly, MHS II pickups and an ABR-1 bridge.
The Ibanez JEM Junior SP has all the hallmarks of Vai's signature model: monkey grip, lion's claw tremolo cavity and tree of life inlay on its fretboard.
Gibson's 2018 ES-335 Figured features a stunning maple top with plenty of tone to back up its looks, thanks to a pair of custom-voiced Gibson MHS humbuckers.
Crank out 50 watts of searing saturation with this slick 5150III 2x12" combo. A pair of heavy-duty 6L6 power tubes screams with aggressive American muscle.
As Gibson's flagship acoustic, the J-45 has been heard on the biggest stages and in the best studios. The spruce and mahogany tonewoods project robust tones.
With its asymmetrical Slim Taper neck profile, Ultra-Modern weight relief and carved maple AAA figured top, the 2018 Gibson Les Paul Standard aims to please.
With 5 amp "characters" to choose from, this 100-watt 2x12 combo delivers serious tonal range. Customize 55 Boss effects and save your 15 favorites on board.
Get tons of versatility both on stage and in the studio with the Bassbreaker 15. Dial in 3 distinct gain voices that perfectly complement the EL84 sound.
Power up to 10 pedals on your board with the Grid 10 from Friedman. The power supply accepts 100-240 volts without switching, making world tours a breeze!
Designed by Papa Het himself, this maghogany-bodied ESP axe sports a set neck for serious sustain, and custom EMG active humbuckers based on the EMG 81/60.
With mahogany and Sitka spruce construction and a Shadow NanoFlex under-saddle pickup, the AJ-45ME carries the Masterbilt torch that's been passed since 1931.
With an incredible dynamic range, warm midrange and a tight, punchy low end, this Gibson 2019 J-45 Studio delivers a full, balanced round-shoulder sound.
Get your pedals and power supply neat and tidy on the Voodoo Lab Dingbat medium-sized board. An included heavy-duty gig bag makes travel a breeze.
Enjoy many of the features of Nick Johnston's beautiful custom shop models in this signature model, with a price that's attainable for working musicians.
The Behringer PB1000 is a compact, protective pedal board solution. With room for up to 12 effects pedal and 1.7 Amps of power, the PB1000 has much to offer.
The Afterneath's cavernous reverb and swarming delays offer the tonal equivalent of playing guitar in the deep, dark recesses of the earth.
Plug into the Peavey 6505 head + cab, originally created with Eddie Van Halen's help. With its raw tone, this half stack is a hard rock and metal machine.
Crank out the jams on this 20-watt tone machine! Use a footswitch to alternate between the revamped preamp's clean and dirty channels for max versatility.
All-mahogany construction lends this Fender PM-1 Paramount a robust tone with plenty of midrange character reinforced by quartersawn scalloped X-bracing.
That tortoiseshell headcap isn't the only thing that sets this Gretsch apart. Its compact body size and solid Sitka spruce top bring singing, resonant tone.
Inject a distinctive sound into your signal with the Colour Box. A recreation of a vintage Neve circuit, this pedal adds a familiar clipping to your tone.
Classy, compact, and loaded with full-range Vox tone, the AC10C1VS combo amp has simple, powerful tone controls and a crystal-clear Celestion V-Type speaker.
When only the most modern features will suffice, it's time for a High Performance model. Dial in the perfect tone with a ton of internal circuitry options.
With 40 watts of power via ECC83 and EL34 tubes, on-board reverb and a 12" Celestion speaker, the Blackstar Club 40 MkII delivers rich, versatile tone.
Cover vast sonic territory with the Bugera G20 Infinium guitar amp head. Grab the Morph EQ knob to sweep seamlessly from American to British tube tones.
Own your very own "super Strat" with this superb Player Series model. A Floyd Rose tremolo and an alnico 2 bridge humbucker make this one versatile guitar.
Loaded with a pair of high-output Seymour Duncan JB pickups and a Floyd Rose trem, this Pro-Mod San Dimas is built for high-speed playing and heavy riffs.
Full of supernatural mojo, the SE Santana Standard combines professional build quality, bold tone, and eye-opening affordability for a black magic treat.
Small but mighty, the Boss Katana Mini puts clean, crunch and the infamous "brown sound," plus delay and 3-band EQ, into a compact battery-powered combo amp.
Delivering the highly versatile sounds of the classic AC30 with a simplified tone control section, the AC30S1 is for those who just want to plug in and rock.
Give 'em both barrels! The JHS Double Barrel V4 dual overdrive combines two stackable, complementary drive circuits -- the Moonshine V2 and Morning Glory V4.
Record two separate loops and engage them simultaneously with the Ditto X4. Stomp on the independently switchable effects to trick out your loops on the fly.
The dual-channel Peavey Classic 50 212 nails that revered tweed tone, but can also get gnarly courtesy of the lead channel's pre- and post-gain controls.
Make a smooth transition from playing electric to classical. With a slim body and neck, this electrified nylon-string Godin is the perfect crossover guitar.
Ernie Ball Regular Slinky strings are a classic for guitarists. Players from Eric Clapton to Steve Vai use the Ernie Ball Regular Slinky strings to get their sound.
Own a real Ibanez for an unbelievable price. This budget-minded metal machine boasts a pair of high-gain humbuckers and a tremolo bridge for dive-bombs.
An exact reproduction of the iconic 1970s Maestro Echoplex EP-3, the Catalinbread Belle Epoch Deluxe produces the same lush tape delay -- without the tape.
With a built-in power attenuator and headphone output for silent playing, the V5 is a great practice amp. The all-tube design features 12AX7 and EL84 valves.
Crystal-clear Fishman Fluence humbuckers plus a modern, attention-grabbing design make the ESP LTD Eclipse EC1000FM electric guitar a capable modern rocker.
Take the stage with the EF341SC acoustic-electric! Its CT4B II preamp system with 3-band EQ paired with an under-saddle pickup delivers great amplified tone.
Ole! This Cordoba guitar's European spruce top projects with authority, while its Indian rosewood back and sides articulate lows for fiery flamenco fury.
Dial in classic EVH tones and craft genuine tube-like distortion with the 5150 overdrive pedal -- powered by multi-stage MOSFETs with sensitive 3-band EQ.
Molded to fit Strat and Tele-type guitars, this case has an ABS exterior with plush interior. It also features a through-bolted handle for easy transport.
The fast, ultra-accurate polyphonic tuning and small footprint of the PolyTune 2 Mini will have you spending less time tuning, and more time playing.
With its thin sapele body profile, deep cutaway and shorter 25" scale neck, the Ibanez AEG1211 offers electric guitarists a familiar fit and feel.
The Epiphone Les Paul Studio has the hallmarks of the Standard. With open-cover humbuckers and a binding-free body, however, the LP Studio is its own guitar.
Combine classic bell-like tones and the sweetened sound of a Shawbucker with this HSS Strat. The alder body offers incredible resonance and even balance.
This isn't your grandpappy's Tele. Featuring a blazing hot duo of ceramic humbuckers, this Tele is ready to make some loud, overdriven heavy rock and roll.
Get that incredible Ibanez quality and sound at a price that's hard to beat. The all-sapele body delivers a warm tone that superbly complements singers.
This American-made Strat is perfect for anyone. The Texas Special pickups deliver bell-like tones, while the large headstock adds a cool aesthetic touch.
The Boss DD-3 offers plenty of digital delay options. With fantastic sound quality, the Boss DD-3 is a mainstay on pedalboards everywhere.
The Schecter C-1 Hellraiser is one rough customer. With dual EMG humbuckers, a set neck and 24 jumbo frets, the C-1 Hellraiser was built to rock.
The F-2512E is quintessential Guild. Its 12-string jumbo construction results in a full-toned, impressively voiced acoustic with huge volume and projection.
Gibson tips its hat to the first production year of the SG with this beautiful model. A pair of Burstbucker 61 pickups produces that classic crunch you love.
Step up your pedal switching with eight programmable loops and on-board memory. Analog circuitry protects the pure tone you've worked so hard to maintain.
Turn heads and shred faces with the Pro Co RAT2 Distortion Pedal. This Rat is radically different from any "distortion" you've ever heard before.
Gibson captures the authentic sound and feel of a Hummingbird at a price anyone can love. Beautiful walnut back and sides project a clear, balanced tone.
Your BeatBuddy isn't fully complete until you hook up this external footswitch. Add accent hits, set a tap tempo, and much more with this compact addition.
Fly in style with this incredible High Performance Flying V. Engage the G FORCE automatic tuning system to quickly and effortlessly switch tunings mid-set.
Tilt back the legs, warm up the tubes, dial in the spring reverb and hit the footswitch. This 2x12" combo has delivered legendary clean tones since the '60s!
Classic tone available to southpaws! The Fender Player Stratocaster is a workhorse guitar, using Fender Player Alnico 5 pickups and a C-shape maple neck.
Ibanez mixes old and new guitar technology with their stunning AZ Series. The AZ2402's alder body and roasted maple neck offer a sweetened tonal foundation.
Keep your guitar safe and sound within 20mm of high-density padding. Patches at the tuning machines and bridge prevent your axe from tearing up the interior.
Warm up your tone with this classic overdrive pedal! From the square footswitch to the famous JRC4558 chip, this reissue recreates Ibanez's original TS-808.
Capture the essential Jet power at an incredible value with this Gretsch G5230T Electromatic Jet FT, loaded with a Bigsby and Black Top Filter'Tron pickups.
Dripping with rock 'n' roll attitude, this Strat's Pure Vintage '65 pickups deliver a period-correct sound. Finished with nitro, this guitar breathes tone.
Get the iconic sound of mahogany set-neck construction, covered passive pickups and a rosewood fretboard with the incredible value of the ESP LTD EC256FM.
Need more sustain in your tone? The Squier Deluxe Hot Rails Stratocaster features the classic Fender design with Duncan Designed HR-101 Hot Rail pickups.
Ready to shred? The Jackson JS22 Dinky Arch Top's high-output humbuckers create huge, powerful tone to make the most intense flurry of notes come alive.
If you're looking for the perfect gigging rig, then this 6505 Plus half stack has your name on it. The aggressive 20-watt head is packaged with a 1x12" cab.
Ideal for folk, blues and fingerstyle, this perfectly balanced Gibson LG-2 produces a rich and fully dynamic range from its comfortably compact body.
The ESP LTD EC-401 was built to rock. With EMG 81/60 pickups and a mahogany body and neck, the ESP LTD EC-401 is great for heavy applications.
The Behringer PB600 is a great way to power and protect your pedals. With installed daisy cabling, the PB600 is easy to use.
Plug in this Luna acoustic-electric ukulele, crafted from exotic hardwoods with abalone wave fret markers rising towards the full moon on the first fret.
Artfully appointed with an otherworldly design and a 26.5" 3-piece maple/purpleheart Nitro Wizard neck, this metal machine ships tuned down a full step.
Pairing modern performance with vintage-inspired looks, this left-handed ESP LTD EC-1000 features a mahogany body, EMG pickups and a locking TOM bridge.
Used by greats like Drowning Pool and Tim McGraw, the Roadie 2 quickly tunes your guitar with pinpoint accuracy and makes string changes a breeze.
The A6 Ultra Baritone produces deep, full tone with a Godin mini humbucker in the neck position, along with an under-saddle transducer with dual outputs.
Achieve elite status with this thinline Tele. Fourth-generation Fender Noiseless pickups provide hum-free performance, yet scream when the time is right.
Crafted in Japan from solid rosewood and Sitka spruce, and outfitted with Yamaha's SRT2 pickups, this beautiful cutaway dreadnought is ready for any stage.
Edit all the parameters of your Line 6 Helix Rack from the floor, with touch-sensitive footswitches, LED rings, and custom scribble strip display screens.
This American Elite HSS Strat combines a powerful open-coil ShawBucker humbucker with a pair of Noiseless single-coil pickups for extremely versatile tone.
This Gary Holt signature ESP LTD hosts features worthy of the veteran metal axeman, like an ebony fretboard, TonePros locking bridge and EMG 89/85 pickups.
This neck-through ESP E-II M-II is loaded with dual EMG 81 pickups and a Floyd Rose locking tremolo for high gain, rock-solid shredding that stays in tune.
Show off your personality with an ornately finished Jazzmaster. Made in Japan, these limited-edition Jazzmasters offer the classic sound of a vintage model.
Crafted from all solid Sitka spruce and solid sapele with Fishman electronics, this road-warrior dreadnought delivers Martin tone for an affordable price.
Shred the same white-hot riffs Dimebag Darrell was known for with this signature Dean Dime-O-Flame, complete with a Dimebucker and Dimebag traction knobs.
Snark has enhanced their original clip-on tuner with the ST-8HZ. This tuner features a Super-Tight clamp and Hertz tuning for when precision is needed.
This tribute to the classic Fender amp offers a vintage channel with traditional Vibrolux voicing, plus a custom channel offering Bassman tones.
With a big dreadnought body and a solid Sitka spruce top, the Taylor 150e projects a big, bold, 12-string sound, and includes the Expression System 2 pickup.
Epiphone's versatile Les Paul ES Pro combines the best features of both solid and semi-hollowbody guitars to create a sound that's fit for rock and roll.
Designed for use with the CODE100H head, this angled 4x12 cabinet is loaded with four custom 12" Marshall speakers for 100W of handling at 8 ohms total.
This stylish little devil is back and better than ever for 2019. The thin mahogany body and 490 humbuckers combine to produce a classic midrange crunch.
These American Elite Stratocasters combine premium performance and playability with the beauty of ebony fingerboards for the ultimate playing experience.
With humbucker and single-coil pickups, an Edge Zero II tremolo, and a Wizard III neck, the versatile Ibanez S670QM is perfect for multiple styles of wailing.
Don't let the floral pattern and Tree of Life inlay fool you. Gravity Storm humbuckers and an Evolution single coil make the JEM77P is a true shred machine.
Get a guitar plus all the extras. The Ibanez Jumpstart IJV50 acoustic package includes a guitar, tuner, and more -- so you can start playing right away.
Capturing the sound and feel of the Blink-182 guitarist's axe, the Tom DeLonge signature ES-333 gains a punk attitude with a Gibson Dirty Fingers pickup.
Sleek, lightweight and with smartly designed cutouts to neatly wire up your pedals, Mono's M80 pedalboards are a solid foundation for mapping out your tone.
Perfect for the beginner, the Washburn B10 banjo features a glossy sunburst finish and a Remo head for exceptional bluegrass tone and authentic looks.
Enjoy the ease of playability that this Breedlove Discovery Concert's cutaway provides, and easily plug-in anywhere with its onboard Fishman T electronics.
Get authentic amp responsiveness when using your favorite modeling system with the Line 6 PowerCab 112, complete with flat response and six speaker models.
Designed for the modern player, this American Pro's Shawbucker humbucker cranks out smooth overdrive, while the V-Mod single coils are pure classic Strat.
The Ovation CE44P-FKOA stands out -- both in appearance and in tonal quality -- thanks to its beautiful figured koa top and multi-soundhole design.
Host up to 10 standard-sized pedals and configure your cables through this On-Stage pedalboard, then zip it up in the included gig bag and head to the gig!
Meet macassar! This figured ebony wood makes up the back and sides of the Martin DX2AE acoustic-electric guitar, giving it great projection and top end.
Store your guitars and basses in style with this 7-space, solid bamboo, furniture-grade rack system. Use it by itself, or stack on top of the DRS Bravo rack.
Sixteen different amp models, two channels, 15 adjustable effects, and FUSE software compatibility make this amp a "champ" of tonal versatility.
This beautiful Gibson 2019 SJ-200 Studio jumbo acoustic is a high-performance cousin of the SJ-200 "king of the flat-tops," based on the same iconic design.
This 2019 Gibson Explorer Tribute is done up in all-black for a no-nonsense, rock 'n' roll look, and its Dirty Fingers Plus pickups provide tone to match.
You'll have no trouble finding "the brown sound" with this EVH 5150 Chorus, based on the legendary unit used by Eddie himself to texturize his iconic tone.
This 7-string beast boasts active EMG-707 and 81-7 pickups and a blacked-out ebony gloss finish to help you get in touch with your dark side.
The reissued Fender '68 Custom Princeton Reverb reissue updates this legendary amp's classic all-tube sound with modern sensitivity and increased overdrive.
Mahogany body + flame maple top + set neck = classic! With the EC-256FM, ESP delivers iconic looks, tones, and rock'n'roll attitude for a killer price.
Lock your Electromatic Hollow Body away until it's time to take the stage. This protective hard case features an interior accessory compartment.
The P1DC's X-braced solid cedar top lends fantastic warmth to your tone, while the comfortable Venetian cutaway makes this dreadnought effortlessly playable.
With a pair of Celestion Seventy/Eighty speakers, this Marshall cab handles up to 160 blazing watts. The angled front to this vertical 2x12 adds killer mojo.
Combining a solid 30 watts with more than 200 amp, cab, and effects models, the Spider V 30 is perfect for bedroom practice or jam sessions with friends.
The GA35TCE's spruce top and AEQ210T preamp produce a big sound from a compact thinline body -- perfect for the classical player that needs a smaller guitar.
It's never a good idea to lean your guitar against anything. Use this sturdy guitar stand and keep your precious axe in-tune and free from dings for years.
Designed specifically to fit the Epiphone ES-339, this deluxe hardshell case offers form-fitting, top-quality protection for your semi-hollowbodied guitar.
A mahogany body, wood pickguard and steampunk-styled DiMarzio Dark Matter 2 pickups all lend a unique aesthetic -- and tonality -- to the Steve Vai JEM77WDP.
Get that comfortable, broken-in look and feel from a brand-new guitar with the Road Worn '50s Telecaster, loaded with versatile Tex Mex Tele single-coils.
With switchable power options, the MkIII can be run at 100, 70, 50, or 30 watts. A spring reverb circuit and FX loop are both buffered by 12AT7/ECC81 valves.
Building on the power and versatility of the Orange Crush 20, the 20RT also features lush reverb for huge soundscapes plus a handy on-board chromatic tuner.
Need the Friedman sound in a smaller package? The Pink Taco hand-wired amp head rocks 20 watts of EL84-powered tone with versatile EQ and gain controls.
Get an awesome-looking strap to complement your guitar or bass. The Vorson X Design strap is made of leather and has padding on the back for comfort.
Despite its small size, the Pro Junior packs a heck of a punch. A pair of scorching EL84s cranks 15 deliciously mean watts through a 10" Jensen P10R speaker.
With a tight low end, gritty, yet detailed midrange, and an extended top end, the Celestion Super 65 guitar speaker is an affordable option for your cab.
The Zoom G3Xn gives you an expression pedal to gain even more control over its incredible collection of effects, amps and cabinet models.
Custom DiMarzio Imperium pickups and a compound-radius neck give the Jackson Dave Davidson Warrior WR7 its articulate tone and high-performance playing feel.
Take it back to 1931 with the Epiphone Broadway electric. Its jazzy personality, warm tone, and easy playability make it great for classic or modern genres.
D'Addario EXL110 strings offer bright, pleasant attack. Wound with nickel-plated steel wrap wire, D'Addario EXL110 strings help you rock.
This Martin acoustic's all-solid-mahogany body will catch your eye -- and your ear, with its warm midrange and clear top end enhanced by A-frame X-bracing.
Broaden your sound with the warmth of the AF75 Artcore. This hollowbody beauty plays as well as it looks.
The ever-popular Blues Junior is back and ready to dish out some sweet overdrive. A modified preamp circuit provides a fuller sound with enhanced clarity.
Create intense psychedelic sonic soundscapes with the Disaster Transport SR. Delay A features rich modulation, while Delay B incorporates a stunning reverb.
Hot-rodded for breakneck speed and tone, this Charvel Pro Mod San Dimas features a pair of Seymour Duncan humbuckers and a graphite-reinforced, maple neck.
Strum away all day without a care -- this Vorson AUG concert ukulele is impervious to weather or humidity, so its intonation and sound is sure to last.
The fully chambered Gibson Custom Modern Les Paul Standard features a the fortified Apex headstock to help prevent breakage and boost resonance.
The Deluxe Reverb has been made even sweeter with limited-edition Fudge Brownie cosmetics! This 100% tube-driven amp features that familiar Fender reverb.
Enjoy truly "deluxe" performance and playability with the Fender Deluxe Pau Ferro Strat, a solid and solo-friendly axe with screaming tone and refined looks.
Surf into the past with this period-correct Fender Jazzmaster. The Pure Vintage '65 pickups offer a watery tone and a floating tremolo adds waves of vibrato.
Built for renowned guitarist, Johnny A, this signature model features Gibson '57 Classic humbuckers, a Bigsby B70 vibrato and a beautiful flamed maple top.
Add a little heat with the Seymour Duncan Hot Rodded Humbucker Set. The Hot Rodded Humbucker Set is ideal for everything from blues-rock to metal.
Keep your 335-style guitar safe and sharp with this wood case. It's as cool on the inside as the outside thanks to its snug blue crushed velvet interior.
With 12 modes, 21 reverb algorithms and enough editing parameters to keep you busy for days, Boss' RV-500 Reverb Processor is their deepest reverb yet.
One of the best-sounding in its price range, the Academy Series A12eN classical brings legendary Taylor tone and comfort to a nylon-string acoustic-electric.
This uniquely molded hard case is designed to fit and protect Jackson's crazy designs. It is designed for modern Jackson guitars.
Designed for beginners, but perfect for players of all abilities, the CD-60S's solid Sitka spruce top and mahogany back and sides produce clear, robust tone.
Loaded with four British-engineered 12" Turbosound speakers, this Bugera 412TS Classic speaker cabinet roars with 200 watts of explosive power handling.
Get the look, feel, and sound of a high-end Custom 22 at a price anyone can afford. Loaded with 85/15 "S" pickups, this SE model churns out a creamy tone.
From subtle, Gilmour-esque texture to fat "bathroom" slap-back, the CC's got it all! Dial in sweet, warm delay with a fully analog path with true bypass.
Explore new dimensions of shred on the affordably priced JEM Junior's super-slim Wizard III neck, double-locking tremolo and Quantum HSH pickups.
Get plugged in with this classical acoustic-electric. Cordoba packed this thin-bodied C5-CE with warm, rich tone -- and Fishman electronics to amplify it.
When you need the honest tone of your instrument to ring through the band, the MicroPro Mach 2 is here for you with 100 watts of powerful tone per channel.
This limited edition 1960s J-45 is built using classic tonewoods and late '60s appointments like white button tuners and a vintage Gibson logo pickguard.
Transport your Gibson Les Paul with style and peace of mind with this reliable guitar case from Gibson.
Stylish and durable, the padded Ibanez Powerpad 541 gig bag will protect your Ibanez electric guitar -- and even has a roomy pocket to fit your laptop.
Get big Orange tone from a tiny cabinet! Unleash the power of your Orange Micro Terror amplifier head when you plug it into this 8" single-speaker enclosure.
This large pedalboard is made of extra-durable aluminum and sits at an angle for easy pedal access. Included is a rugged carrying bag with removable strap.
Get excellent articulation via the C5CE's Canadian cedar top and African mahogany back and sides. BBand electronics amplify its clear, warm sound.
Do you want to shred? The affordable 7-string Ibanez RG7421 can hang with the big guns, thanks to its fast Wizard II-7 neck and smoldering Axis 7 humbuckers.
Based on the classic 5150 head, Peavey's 6505 is one of rock's most reliable guitar amplifiers. For that crushing all-tube tone, it's tough to beat the 6505!
Fit nearly any PRS model guitar in this black Tolex-covered and plush-lined guitar case. A locking center latch with key ensures your guitar is kept secure.
The Epiphone Les Paul Black Beauty 3 offers tuxedo looks and tone at a great price. With a third humbucker for extra oomph, the LP Black Beauty 3 rocks.
This 10-hole diatonic harmonica creates a tone like its namesake Fender amplifier thanks to an ABS plastic comb and replaceable brass reed plates.
Go heavy with the signature guitar of Breaking Benjamin's founding member. The baritone 27" scale allows for down-tuning without sacrificing string tension.
The Epiphone Les Paul Studio LT delivers all the tone and feel of the famed guitar with dual zebra humbuckers and solid, all-mahogany construction.
Synyster's signature Schecter goes Standard with this model. Rip with the high-output tone of Diamond Syn pickups and a Floyd Rose trem.
Explore all features of the Mustang GT amps with this four-button footswitch. Unlock the amps' 60-second looper function and switch presets on the fly.
This spruce-topped, mahogany-bodied beauty boasts a Min-ETune system to effortlessly tune your guitar in a number of tunings at the push of a button.
The performance-ready Takamine GN93CE delivers silky smooth amplified tone thanks to its TK-40D preamp system and NEX-style body.
Improving upon the original JHS AT, the AT+ adds an independent footswitchable boost, enhancing the signature Andy Timmons drive with a second gain stage.
Get 18 blistering watts of tube tone from the two 12AXs and two EL84s inside this lunchbox amp. A quad stage power soak gives you high gain at low volume.
Who says Teles are for country music? Designed for the Slipknot/Stone Sour guitarist with active EMG pickups, this axe lets you dial in tight, modern tones.
Whether you're next to the campfire, or on the stage, be ready for any live setting with a solid spruce top, and rich, resonant mahogany back and sides.
The G2420 shines on blues and country, but don't pigeonhole it. This Gretsch is perfectly comfortable putting out high-gain and full-bandwidth tones as well.
Built to rock, this Telecaster Custom features a beefy Bigsby tailpiece, as well as a warm Wide Range neck humbucker and standard single-coil bridge pickup.
Experience the joy of plugging in and playing with this Martin acoustic-electric guitar. The Fishman electronics give you tone shaping capabilities and more.
Want to learn the guitar? Get all the basics -- including a clip-on tuner, gig bag, strap, picks, and more -- with the Arcadia DL41 guitar package.
Get the classic Jubilee tone in a smaller 20-watt package. Pulling the input gain knob engages the Rhythm Clip mode to tap a little extra boost for leads.
More than an endless supply of clean 9V power for your pedals, the Dunlop MXR DC Brick ups the ante with 18v power capability for power-hungry effects.
Got a semi-hollowbody guitar like an ES-335? Give it a roadworthy gig bag! Its water-resistant exterior and padded interior make this bag a great choice.
Shred in the sun with this EMG-loaded Schecter Sun Valley Super Shredder. A Floyd Rose Hot Rod tremolo and striking finishes make for a mean metal axe.
The Sterling JP150 combines incredible playability with a budget-friendly price. A 12dB circuit boost is found on the volume control for heating up leads.
For extreme playing styles requiring brutal distortion and aggressive saturation, the demonic Black Winter humbucker has the most cruel tone around.
Forget the neighbors -- this guitar will wake the dead! Part of Epiphone's Gothic Series, this Explorer boasts a killswitch and a sick Satin Black finish.
The GK Studio has a slightly deeper body than the 55FCE, yet thinner than a standard Spanish guitar.
Peavey packed this lightweight 40-watt combo with TransTube technology for tube-like tone, dozens of amp models and effects, and even instrument modeling.
With a head-turning design plus a robust Fishman Isys pickup system for jumbo-sized tone, this Gretsch G5022CBFE Rancher Falcon is ready to rock any gig.
Enjoy an extended pitch range with this 8-string beast. Featuring a beautiful quilted maple top on a swamp ash body, this axe is a prog-metal player's dream.
Slick as a sports car, the compact-bodied Epiphone Casino Coupe delivers big, biting tones from its P-90 pickups and resonant hollow body.
Reduce noise without losing smooth note decay. With the Decimator pedal's smooth release response, you get transparent, nearly undetectable noise reduction.
If you love gold hardware and Explorers, this Elite model has your name all over it. Burstbucker 2 and 3 pickups ensure this mahogany-bodied beast purrs.
Looking for an entry-level for young players? Thanks to its mid-depth cutaway shape, the Ovation CS24 is comfortable to hold.
Part of Fender's Classic Series, this fantastic-feeling Tele Deluxe delivers a modern take on the well-known Tele tone with two Fender Wide Range humbuckers.
Get snappy tone and playing feel with the Fender American Original '60s Telecaster electric's vintage-tall frets, staggered pole pieces, and C-shaped neck.
Built in the image of his beloved Les Paul Custom, this Björn Gelotte signature features dual EMG MetalWorks pickups for searing Swedish heavy metal tone.
This Dean axe's incredible body design has attitude, and its powerful Seymour Duncan Dimebucker and USA DMT DimeTime humbuckers give it crushing tone.
A Gator's never been so accommodating. This case allows you to keep your guitar safe in its plush-lined, foam-padded interior.
With a sleek black chassis and durable kevlar cord, the Ernie Ball Volume Pedal celebrates its 40th Anniversary with subtle upgrades to its iconic design.
This whammy's Classic mode gives you the famous screaming sound that these pedals are known for -- and the Chords mode gives you sweet harmonizer effects.
This lefty Les Paul Traditional 2017 T could be mistaken for a '59 model thanks to its traditional features and accurate AA maple top and mahogany body.
These bronze strings feature an ultra thin Nanoweb coating that produces a bright tone and ensures a long string life.
The Behringer FCB1010 offers easy MIDI control of your rig. With 10 banks and 2 expression pedals the Behringer FCB1010 makes effects control easy.
With its two-tier design, the Friedman Tour Pro 1525 pedalboard gives you access to every pedal on the board without adding a tap-dance routine to your set.
Protect your beloved Flying V in classic Epiphone style. This hardshell case is fitted with a plush interior, rugged latches and a durable tolex covering.
A playable work of art, the Cordoba C7 is graced by rosewood on its back, sides, bridge and fretboard -- plus gold tuners, a bone saddle and cedar top.
Expand your sonic range with the compact and portable R212 cabinet. Its custom-voiced Randall speakers are capable of richly textured tones.
A solid Sitka spruce top gives a bright tone -- perfect for the jangling 12-string chords you'll be strumming on the Martin D12X1AE acoustic-electric guitar.
Set your inner freak loose with the Head signature 7-string. An Evertune bridge keeps you in tune, and Fishman Fluence pickups offer a wide range of sounds.
Versatile gain and EQ controls, plus reverb and a silent recording mode, make the Marshall DSL1CR guitar combo amplifier a seriously versatile little box.
Housing an 80-watt Turbosound 12" speaker, This 8-Ohm Bugera extension cab may be lightweight, but it's loaded with heavy, low-end tone.
Tap into a huge range of delay and loop settings with the Flashback X4. This versatile pedal also includes four TC TonePrint slots for downloaded presets.
Perfect for beginners or seasoned veterans, the GS Mini is fun for everyone. This lefty model features a solid mahogany top for a warm, detailed midrange.
Heat up your stage presence with the AZ242F featuring a smokin' flame maple top. A pair of Seymour Duncan Hyperion humbuckers offers up clear, complex tone.
Immense Marshall DSL tone blasts from this compact combo amp. At 5 watts, you can get classic Marshall overdrive at a reasonable volume (and price).
This hybrid acoustic-electric gives you the best of both worlds, with a chambered body, thin neck, 16" radius fretboard and a humbucker in the neck position.
Take your playing up a few notches with this humbucker loaded Tele. A maple board keeps the tone crisp, while the buckers crank out a hot and heavy sound.
This classic 50s Stratocaster features 3 vintage-style single-coil pickups, a custom two-point vintage tremolo and a sound that will really take you back.
This set of Seymour Duncan Billy Gibbons Red Devil pickups bring fat, rowdy Texas blues tone to any SSS guitar, no routing required.
Need powerful, versatile metal tone? Look no further than the coil-tappable Fusion Edge 7 humbuckers and sleek mahogany body of the Ibanez RGAIX7FM.
Create synth effects, layers, glissandos, infinite sustain and freeze notes or chords, then play over them in four different modes with the Superego Plus.
Arrive at your next campfire in style with a Taylor BBT Big Baby acoustic. This 15/16-scale guitar is ideal for traveling musicians and kids taking lessons.
Being a one-man band has never been so easy, thanks to the 90-watt Acoustasonic's two independent channels, with onboard multieffects for vocals and guitar.
Get the timeless look and tone of a Les Paul. This Epiphone features a Alnico Classic humbuckers, a mahogany set neck, Tune-O-Matic bridge and Grover tuners.
A strikingly designed and richly resonant parlor acoustic-electric, the Gretsch G5021WPE Rancher has more personality than a penguin riding a bronco. Yeehaw!
Get 100 watts of full, natural tone and effects for your acoustic-electric guitar and microphone with the highly portable Fender Acoustic 100 combo amp.
The Silencer is a sophisticated noise gate that delivers up to -70dB of noise reduction and is perfect for taming noisy pedalboards and guitar pickups.
Easy to install with no drilling required, Graph Tech Ratio locking tuners feature a different gear ratio for each string, for optimized tuning mechanics.
Built from stunning Hawaiian koa, this Breedlove Concert CE produces a warm, comforting sound and features a deep cutaway for accessing the higher register.
Platinum binding and platinum bat inlays will make you stand out on the stage, while EMG 81/85 pickups guarantee you exceptional sound in the studio.
Lead fearlessly with the SL2Q Pro Soloist. With a through-body 3-piece maple neck and 12-16" compound-radius fretboard, this Jackson has an incredible feel.
As part of the popular JamMan series, the JamMan Solo XT features a huge range of looping options with over 35 minutes space.
Be a star from day one. The Arcadia DL41 package includes all you need: acoustic guitar, starter lessons, a strap, stand, picks, strings and much more!
It's not called the Sun Valley Super Shredder for nothing. This rippin' axe dishes searing leads via EMG and Sustainiac pickups and a Floyd Rose Hot Rod trem.
Stomp on the Morning Glory for instant access to a range of overdriven sounds. Use the optional JHS Red Remote to engage an extra boost circuit on the fly.
Get the best of both worlds. The Fender Super Champ X2 combines classic tube-driven tone with modern onboard effects in an affordable 15-watt combo amp.
This updated version of the G7th Performance Capo is slimmer, smaller, and lighter with an easy squeeze-on/squeeze-off design.
This limited edition Bassbreaker 15 is supercharged with a plethora of features and is finished in a slick British "Racing Green" tolex and tan grille cloth.
Protect your ultra-cool Moderne with this stylish case from Epiphone. Designed to fit the guitar's unorthodox body shape, this case keeps your guitar secure.
Saturate your setup with the classic British tone of an EL34-equipped amp. The Bugera T50 Infinium cranks out 50 blistering watts of harmonically rich tone.
Designed for visibility and low noise, the MXR M108S graphic EQ pedal lets you match your sound to any room and sculpt treble and bass levels to your taste.
The Luna Gypsy is not your ordinary acoustic. Its jewel-tone quilt ash top and Luna signature moon phase inlays give this guitar a unique, bohemian look.
With features like inert rubber padding, reinforced tripod leg braces, non-slip rubber end caps this guitar stand is sure to keep your instrument safe.
Nickel plated and round wound, this legendary guitar string features big tone in a thin, comfortable guage. Just ask Jimmy Page, Jeff Beck, and Angus Young.
The LR Baggs Venue DI offers amazing stage performance. The LR Baggs Venue DI's high-end transformer ensures excellent sound in any live situation.
The D-16E provides the sound and feel of a classic dreadnought with a slim 000 depth. A modified low oval neck with high performance taper eases playing.
With a high-output Alnico V bridge humbucker and single coil pickups in the middle and neck positions, the Striker Custom shreds.
Play on a true shred-machine. This Kramer features a Floyd Rose tremolo system and dual alnico V humbuckers.
The Marshall 1960B offers classic rock tone. The 1960B is a straight cabinet ideal on its own or as part of a full stack.
With a classic alder Dinky style body and a two-piece, bolt-on caramelized maple neck, this Charvel Pro-Mod DK24 is equipped to riff for hours on end.
Conquer any bookstore or coffee shop with this 120-watt acoustic amp. With plenty of power on tap, your vocals and guitar with shine with plenty of headroom.

Perfect for players of a smaller stature, the diminutive Duo Sonic HS packs a huge wallop. A bridge humbucker is coil-tappable to open up even more sounds.
Seymour Duncan's PowerStage 170 is a 170-watt amp in pedal form. Simply connect to a cab, bring your guitar and pedals, and you're ready to rock!
This Seagull S6 Original features a pressure-tested cedar top, a silver leaf maple neck and bold grain patterns under a custom-polished semi-gloss finish.
Add striking presence to your gig! The Luna cajon features birch and eucalyptus hardwoods, an ash wood top and includes a soft gig bag for gigging on the go.
This George Lynch signature features a stunning sunburst tiger graphic, a Floyd Rose Special tremolo and ESP-designed humbucker and single-coil pickups.
One of the finest octave pedals available, the EHX POG2 lets you build jangling tones and lush walls of sound -- and save your settings in 8 memory presets.
Cleanly power up to 15 effects pedals via the Phoenix's two internal custom-wound toroidal transformers and separate 300mA, 100mA, 9V, 12V and 18V inputs.
Mix and match two simultaneous delay rhythms, then add washy reverb to your liking with the Wampler Ethereal pedal -- an ambient soundscape in a box.
Get some Wylde tones with this set of active humbuckers straight from Zakk's Bullseye! You get an EMG 81, EMG 85, quick-connect cables and mounting hardware.
The Friedman Dirty Shirley is no one-trick pedal -- its responsive overdrive works great as a clean boost, a hard rock distortion, or anything in between.
Regardless of your style -- blues, country, or rock -- the all-tube Peavey Classic 30 112 combo amp can help you to achieve the classic tone you crave.
This amp offers more overdrive and distortion than most amps twenty times its size. It features a 1/8" headphone output for silent practicing.
Create some seriously heavy tones with the sleek Monarkh. The high-output humbuckers will make your amp sing with a fat low end and clear articulation.
Want classic tone with a style all your own? Go for the 2019 Gibson ES-235, a single-cutaway, semi-hollowbody stunner loaded with Burstbucker Pros.
This Lunchbox packs raging tube tone into a tiny amp! For the LBX II, EVH added dual concentric controls for dedicated gains and volumes on your 2 channels.
Get down and dirty with the heaviest hitter of the fourth-generation Hot Rods. A lightweight pine cabinet and 6L6 power tubes make this amp a road warrior.
Dive-bomb-related tuning troubles? Grab a Banshee Extreme 6FR -- its Floyd Rose Special locking bridge provides rock-solid tuning stability for tremolo work.
The Gibson 2019 ES-335 Studio is ready to rock with its '57 Classic pickups, 3-ply maple/poplar/maple construction and timeless style.
Designed for performance, the Gibson 2019 Firebird features a 9-ply neck-thru construction, bright, cutting mini humbuckers and striking finish options.
With a 22.5" scale, this JS Series RR Minion is the perfect starter guitar for budding shredders, or the ideal travel companion for seasoned road dogs.
The Les Paul Studio offers pro features at a fantastic price. A bound rosewood fingerboard adds style, while the 490R and 498T pickups create searing tone.
An excellent guitar for rhythm and chording, the Fender American Original '50s Stratocaster recreates the unique feel and tone of the earliest Strats.
Play synths and more virtual instruments with your guitar -- wirelessly. Mount this MIDI controller pickup on your guitar to send MIDI to the USB receiver.
With its gorgeous figured koa top, and CT4B II preamp system with 3-band EQ and tuner, the Takamine EF508KC acoustic-electric guitar looks and sounds killer.
With its Ultra Access neck joint and compound radius neck, this axe was made to shred. Get a variety of tones and power with the EMG and Sustainiac pickups.
With over 100 built-in effects, the Line 6 M5 Stompbox Modeler saves space on your pedalboard without losing anything -- it even has a built-in tuner!
Sporting a sleek, all-black design with a big, bright LED screen, Korg's Pitchblack Advance tuner also features a DC output for powering other pedals.
Get a woody, warm tone with a soft response for finger picking thanks to the all-mahogany body and AE body shape of this AE245 acoustic-electric from Ibanez.
Your Les Paul will look just as good as the day you brought it home when you replace its old truss rod cover with this authentic piece from Gibson.
The DiMarzio DD2200 ClipLock strap lets you to quickly switch guitars without hassle. It's the preferred strap of Vai, Satriani and many other legends.
American-made from all maple with a beautiful blonde finish, the Goodtime 2 banjo delivers Deering quality for an affordable price -- perfect for beginners.
Schecter's C-7 MS SLS Elite is ready to shred. Its multi-scale construction provides great intonation and feel across its 24-fret ebony fingerboard.
Weighing in at only 19 pounds, this Quilter combo sounds much bigger than it looks. A single 8" Celestion TF0818 speaker pushes out upwards of 200W RMS.
Featuring eye-catching bright blue embellishments, the Ed Sheeran signature was made for the stage. Its small size is perfect for guitarists of all statures.
Add some heat to your rig with this hot-rodded Telecaster. This Player Series model has a pair of alnico 2 humbuckers to lend vintage mojo to your sound.
If you need a wah pedal with some versatility, look no further. This pedal offers six wah settings and a volume boost.
The popular Flashback is here for round two! Updated tape and analog algorithms offer more detailed sound, while the Crystal Delay offers shimmering repeats.
Sporting his infamous silver pinstripes, this striking Schecter acoustic is designed and engineered by the one-and-only Synyster Gates of Avenged Sevenfold.
Yngwie's Strat has all the signature touches: 3 Duncan pickups, a special '60s neck, and a heavily scalloped maple fretboard for blistering Phrygian runs.
Feel the warm, rich tone of a true semi-hollowbody with the Epiphone Dot Archtop. This jazz icon features set-neck construction and a pair of humbuckers.
Try out 128 presets to find the right tone fast, or craft your own sound with more than 200 amp, cab, and effects models. This 60-watt combo amp does it all!
With all the swagger of a classic LP, plus modern features like a Shadow NanoMag pickup and USB output, the Epiphone Les Paul Ultra III gives you an edge.
Select from up to 20 different amp models thanks to the Vox VT40X's Virtual Element Technology. The analog Valvetronix tube preamp ensures rich, warm tone.
BIAS Mini Head is a guitar amp that captures any tone in the world, down to the cab and mic position, or safely runs your cab with 150W of Class D power.
Crafted from ash and fitted with a bolt-on, 5-piece neck, the RG652AHMFX allows for ultra-fast playability with beefy lows, soaring highs and days of sustain.
Perfect for strumming country ballads at the saloon, this Garth Brooks signature Takamine GB7C pairs a silky-smooth playing feel with versatile electronics.
Tap into the classic sounds of the Eventide H910 and H949's pitch, delay, modulation FX and more -- all controllable via iOS, Android, Mac or PC integration.
The EHX Pitch Fork features almost everything you've always wanted in a pitch shifter. Control the effect while playing with an optional expression pedal.
Turtle Power! These long-lasting picks give you a no-slip grip. Pick up a 12-pack in the gauge/color of your choice, and you'll always have a pick on hand.
With East Indian rosewood back and sides and a solid Western red cedar top, the Alvarez-Yairi WY1 truly sounds like a guitar with 50 years of refinement.
Stay in tune and on beat! This Snark SN1X is a clip-on chromatic tuner for guitar and bass, as well as a tap-tempo metronome in one compact package.
Compact, but packed with powerful tone courtesy of 2 EL84 power tubes and 3 12AX7 preamp tubes, the Peavey Classic 20 mini amp head even boasts reverb.
Tame even the most crowded pedalboard with the Boss ES-5. A backlit LCD display allows you to sort through and select up to 200 customizable patch memories.
Seven strings, active EMG 57/66 and an ebony fretboard -- the Schecter Hellraiser Hybrid PT7 brings it all together in an axe destined for metal glory.
Take Orange tone anywhere you go with the ultra-portable Crush Mini 3-watt guitar combo amp. Includes an 8-ohm speaker output and a versatile Shape control.
Transform your guitar or bass into nine different sought-after vintage synthsizers, from saw-like lead synths to more subtle, spacey, atmospheric pads.
Install this pickguard pre-wired with EMG SA single-coil pickups, an EXG Guitar Expander, an SPC Presence Control, and master volume -- just like Gilmour's.
High-output Jackson humbucking pickups create scorching tone, while the hard-tail bridge keeps each string in perfect tuning so you never miss a note.
Topped with eye-catching caidie, this AXS Exotic features a resonant mahogany back, sides and neck, and onboard DMT electronics with high-fidelity 3-band EQ.
Made to fit mid-depth or deep Ovation guitars, this case is a durable choice for protecting your instrument when traveling.
Get pro-level tuning stability with the Floyd Rose Special double-locking tremolo bridge and graphite-reinforced neck of the Jackson X Series Soloist SL4X.
Perfect when loaded into bright, maple and ebony fretboard guitars, this Pearly Gates set sounds sweet but offers a hot, biting top end with great harmonics.
Rarely seen in the wild, the Gibson Moderne has classic humbucker tone, plus the sustain and resonance that you can only get from a large-body electric.
Wash out and thicken your sound with the MXR M300 digital reverb pedal's six different reverb styles, including the "Pad" effect for a modulated shimmer.
Assign up to 30 presets or control panel functions with this 4-way programmable foot controller, made specifically for the Marshall CODE amplifier series.
Make sure your Jackson guitar is pristine as you melt faces -- get your trusty Dinky or Soloist from gig to gig safely in this molded Jackson guitar case!
The Eagle Mountain guitar strap is a necessity. If you're gonna rock, you gotta be standing, and the Eagle Mountain guitar strap is a good way to do so.
How do you make something look instantly cool? Put some flames on it! Get this leather flame strap for the rocker in your life -- or even for yourself.
Dial in 3 distinct sounds per channel, from monster Marshall crunch to killer cleans. This all-tube head pushes 50 watts of EL34- and ECC83-curated power.
An ash body keeps your highs sparkly and your lows rumbling, while DiMarzio Air Norton and Tone Zone pickups help your soaring solos cut through the mix.
Sometimes things get broken when your picking aggressively -- this replacement washer is easy to install and will help you remember which pickup is which.
Based on the legendary Ross Compressor, this compact pedal lets you select between HI, MID, and LO frequency bands for authentic vintage compression.
For guitarists in search of a natural-sounding compressor pedal, the Wampler Ego thickens your tone while maintaining the qualities of the original signal.
Want excellent protection for your electric guitar? The Transit series has thick neck padding, a micro-fleece interior, and a weather-proof exterior.
Sound like a pro without breaking the bank. The Deluxe Roadhouse Strat features a trio of Vintage Noiseless pickups for full, pristine tone without the hum.
A single DMT Design humbucker set into the neck position on this gorgeous Dean banjo gives you tonal flexibility you won't find in banjos twice as expensive.
Is your guitar set up properly? This tech kit gives you all the tools you need to keep your axe in good shape, including hex wrenches, in a portable pouch.
For precision, power and speed, look no further than the EII Horizon NTII. Its EMG 57/66 humbuckers and ebony fretboard will bring your riffs to new heights.
Featuring six mono tracks and one stereo mixdown track per loop, the Electro-Harmonix 95000 can record up to 375 minutes and 100 loops with a 16GB micro SD.
Go heavy with the EC-256, featuring a classy and stylish tuxedo design. The mahogany body yields a fat midrange that'll lend your tone a heap of fatness.
Part of Taylor's flagship 800 line, the 814ce-N classical is a nylon-string guitar built with all the quality and craftsmanship that made Taylor famous.
With high-end features like a Floyd Rose Original bridge, Gotoh tuners, and a pair of EMG 81 active pickups, this axe offers great value for its price.
With an upgraded internal design, this guitar amp head from Marshall produces a superior analogue tone.
This shred-able axe includes the HSS pickup configuration and Floyd Rose tremolo system preferred by Iron Maiden guitarist, Adrian Smith.
Designed with Mr. Van Halen and dressed in stripes, the EVH90 phaser lets you toggle between vintage and modern MXR Phase 90 sounds with the Script switch.
Based on John Petrucci's Music Man models, the Sterling JP70 brings together a 16" radius, tremolo bridge and high-output humbuckers into a prog machine.
Get an aged look for your sunburst strat that holds up to Fender's 50s specifications. It features Tex Mex single-coil pickups.
Loud Seymour Duncan pickups and a high-speed neck profile make the Charvel Pro Mod Dimas Style 1 HH FR electric an awesome guitar for serious shredding.
With the classic "Tele-twang" tone, a gloss maple neck, and alnico V pickups, the Squier Classic Vibe Custom Telecaster is a workhorse for stage or studio.
Perfect for the working musician, this Martin 000-15M StreetMaster is built from rich mahogany and is dressed in a beautifully distressed satin finish.
Achieve the smooth, full-range sound of Steve Lukather with the EMG SL20 prewired pickguard. EMG's solderless system makes it easy to install on your guitar.
With this lefty Affinity Telecaster Special, Squier delivers classic Fender Tele style and tone in an affordable package just for left-handed guitarists.
This Alvarez MD60BG dreadnought is made from all-solid woods, from its Sitka spruce top to its African mahogany back and sides for uncompromised tone.
Perfect for little shredders or as an easy-traveling axe, this JS Series Dinky Minion is a 2/3-scale guitar that still delivers all the Jackson tone you need.
You know who you are. If you're extra hard on strings, Ernie Ball's ultra-durable Paradigm Slinkys will help you get through the show intact and in-tune.
Prepare for the limelight with this Grace VanderWaal signature uke. The all-sapele body construction makes this ukulele sing with a earthy, balanced sound.
Speedy players will fly up the LTD M-1000E's extra-thin neck and ebony fretboard while discovering a huge palette of tones from its EMG 81 humbuckers.
Inspired by JHS's original Pink Panther delay pedal, the tap-tempo-capable Lucky Cat can do perfect digital repeats, or groovy, modulated tape-like echo.
Sporting a comfortable flame maple armrest and on-board LR Baggs StagePro Element preamp, this Alvarez Grand Auditorium is ready for long hours of playing.
Pick up one of these limited edition Wildkat Royale models for a crash course on sweet tone. A pair of dogear P90 pickups grinds out a wicked midrange punch.
Forget about noise complaints -- crank this 10-watt amp for saturated overdrive at a reasonable volume. Create atmosphere with the impressive digital reverb.
The Yamaha FG800 acoustic guitar features a dreadnought body style, solid spruce top, rosewood fretboard and scalloped bracing for big, bold acoustic tone.
Pair the Marshall MG412AG 120W angled cabinet with your MG100HGFX for a halfstack to be reckoned with. Add the straight cab for an earth-crushing full stack.
Play like Robert Johnson or "Sonny Boy" Williamson with this blues-type guitar, reminiscent of small-bodied Martin acoustics of the 1930s.
This intelligent desktop combo amp offers five VCM amp models and effects, USB connectivity, and special speakers that produce 3-D extended stereo imaging.
The EP103 brings back legendary Echoplex tones, with the improvements of a small footprint, straightforward controls and a hi-fi, fully analog dry path.
This solid-state 80-watt 1x12" combo packs Peavey's TransTube technology for extra punch, and independent EQ, reverb and resonance controls on each channel.
PRS combines their exceptional quality with the midrange punch of an EL34 amp for the Sonzera 50. Two independent channels provide the versatility you need.
Featuring a solid spruce top and rosewood back and sides, the CC-140SCE produces a balanced tone that sounds great through the Fishman Presys electronics.
Get gorgeous looks and well-balanced sound without breaking the bank. This Dean AXS Exotic acoustic features mahogany construction and on-board electronics.
If you can pry your eyes away from this ES-335's striking figured top, you'll love the vintage tone and clarity of its MHS humbuckers and semi-hollowbody.
Add technicolor to your tonal palette with the Rainbow Machine V2. It produces simple polyphonic harmony, octave doubling -- even chaotic sound sculptures.
Featuring the same tuning precision as the original TU-3, the Waza Craft version also adds the option to switch the buffer off for a true bypassed signal.
Get everything you love about the DVP3 with half the pedalboard footprint, adjustable rocker tension and a switchable AUX output for tuner-out or expression.
Perfect for dropped tunings and low tones, this versatile guitar features 8 strings and Schecter Diamond Plus pickups.
Keep track of your overdubs on the user-friendly Boss RC-1's LED indicator. Though easy to use, this pedal boasts 12 minutes looping time and stereo output.
With a gray faux-fur interior and a handsome yet durable exterior, the G6238FT case matches the elegance of Gretsch Jet guitars.
Use the same guitar speaker as some of the world's greatest guitar heroes. It is the definitive Blues Rock speaker but is perfect for all types of music.
Featuring a beautiful poplar burl, walnut, curly maple and panga panga top and African mahogany body, the S1027PBF offers not just looks, but a rich sound.
Get that punchy tone Orange is known for in this tiny amp. Simulate the sound of a monster 4x12" Orange cab in your headphones with the CabSim technology.
EMG Active 81-7/85-7 humbuckers offer incredible tonal definition, while the Platinum binding and bat inlays give this guitar a unique look.
Take the stage with the Marshall AS100D. The AS100D offers ample power, a wide variety of effects, and great sound reproduction.
Make your 6-string guitar ring like a 12, or turn it into a convincing bass. The easy-to-use Micro POG octave pedal can even create Hammond-organ-like tones.
Get fluent playability with The Edge's signature Strat. A combination of Custom Shop Fat 50 and DiMarzio FS-1 pickups create incredible response and output.
Mount all your pedals, along with your power supply, to the Pedaltrain Classic PRO pedalboard. Its open-front design helps avoid cable clutter.
The HAZ Mu-Tron III+ offers players the famous envelope filter sound. With plenty of snap and wah, the HAZ Mu-Tron III+ sounds great.
Designed to deliver pure Gretsch tone at high volume, the G5622T Electromatic is a lightweight workhorse electric with a center block for dynamic resonance.
Built from solid cedar and mahogany, this Artist Mosaic acoustic has a sweet, warm sound thanks to Adirondack spruce bracing and a compound curved top.
Crank out up to 200 watts through the feather-light OverDrive 200. This 4 pound amp features clean and overdrive channels for a variety of rockin' tones.
Epiphone's best-selling budget acoustic guitar -- in a classy limited-run color. Crafted from select spruce and mahogany, this dreadnought is a killer value!
With its durable Cordura material and large accessory pocket, this bag is ideal for any guitarist. Carry it by its side handle or backpack-style with straps.
Go back in time to the golden age of electric guitars with this stunning Tele. A pair of Pure Vintage '52 pickups ensures the familiar warm and spanky tone.
Capture the classic crunch of a vintage British amp at an amazing price. The two-channel Bugera 1960-INFINIUM head pushes out 150 watts of all-tube tone.
This hot-rodded lap steels offers two FP-90 pickups and VSY-01 active electronics for a rich, clean tone, and a straightline design for maximum playability.
Similar in size to a baritone ukulele, the Ibanez EWP32FM is a piccolo guitar, tuned up to A that is perfect for travel or strumming around the house.
The Tascam GB-10 Trainer is an ideal tool for learning your favorite songs. Just load your mp3s onto the Tascam GB-10, then solo and loop tricky sections.
This single coil pickup offers extremely high output tone and noise cancelling effects without having to alter your guitar in any way.
Premium appointments like a a cedar top, CT4B II preamp, and a smooth natural satin finish make this top-of-the-line Takamine a player's dream.
Featuring a 27" scale length, Variax HD technology, and an aggressive body shape, the Shuriken Variax SR270 is the tool you need to command the low end.
An ideal acoustic for beginners, the Taylor A10e Academy Series Dreadnought is 15/16-size with a solid spruce top, ES-B electronics, and a built-in tuner.
Originally designed in the '60s for students, the Mustang evolved into a main-stage staple. The dual single-coil pickups' hard edge cuts through any mix.
Wait a minute -- this looks like an electric guitar! Equipped with dual single-coil pickups, this ukulele captures classic uke tone with a twist.
Based on classic Vox and blackface tremolos, the Kodiak modernizes vintage tremolo with four different wave patterns, on-board tap-tempo, and sub-divisions.
If you need a high-performance axe without the high price, the AZ242BC is your pick. A set of Seymour Duncan Hyperion humbuckers deliver hot, sizzling tone.
This Strat boasts the vintage-style single-coils and tremolo bridge that made Fender famous -- plus a unique lacquer paint job, just like a '50s hot rod.
The AD30CE offers classic dreadnought tone, onboard electronics, and more at a budget-friendly price.
Perfect for aggressive, high-performance genres, this axe is ready to melt some faces. The dual EMG 707 active pickups produce a thick, high-octane tone.
John Petrucci's flagship Majesty model gets the Sterling treatment! The gorgeous Arctic Dream finish is complemented by the smooth sound of dual humbuckers.
Create authentic reverb and chorus with the Yamaha LSTA. An actuator inside the guitar reacts to string vibrations, providing a distinct playing experience.
Ruggedly built with two rock-ready HH Custom-designed 12 inch speakers, the Laney IRT212 is a great match for your Laney Ironheart head.
Combining 1930s-era Gibson bracing patterns with the original dreadnought shape, this limited edition Songwriter Studio provides supreme feel and lush tone.
Built for chugging out the most punishing rhythm tracks, the Ibanez RGA742FM sports a stable, fixed bridge and a lightning-fast Wizard II-7 maple neck.
The Fender '57 Custom Champ offers fantastic tone in a tiny frame. With 5 watts of classic tube tone, this tweed combo is great for recording or practice.
This darkly distinctive Jazzmaster is built to Troy's specs. Create huge and heavy alt-rock sounds with 3-position pickup switching and dual tone circuits.
Run up to 7 stompbox, amp and cabinet sims at once on the Zoom G3n. With parameters displayed on 3 LCD screens, the G3n makes dialing in tones a breeze.
This rugged Marshall cabinet features a reflective closed-back design, and two 12-inch Celestion G12T75 speakers to create a powerful (and very loud) sound.
Whether you're on your porch, near a campfire, or in a crowded tour bus, this throwback Gretsch flat top guitar is the perfect size for casual strumming.
Bi-amplified for maximum projection and power without the usual bulk, the Loudbox also sports on-board effects for maximum versatility.
Need a portable practice amp? The Spider V20 gives you 20 watts of power and an affordable way to tap into Line 6 effects modeling, with easy-to-use presets.
Unleash metal mayhem with this killer amp head! The IRT60H offers 3 channels, variable power from <1 watt to 60 watts, footswitchable pre-boost and more.
With a pau ferro fretboard and a Player Series Alnico 5 humbucker in the bridge position, this HSS Strat serves up crystal-clear, sonically flexible tone.
Based on the legendary RG100 and RG80, this combo has the unmistakable FET solid state sound Randall is known for, voiced through two RS12-80-8 speakers.
Get incredible tonal versatility you wouldn't expect from a 5-watt head. The 3-band EQ is modified with the Morph feature to mix between US and UK flavors.
Enjoy the stunning good looks and sweet tone of the St. Vincent signature model at an incredible price. A mini-humbucker trio produces an array of sounds.
Get a solid 20 watts of Marshall power with the DSL20CR combo amp -- its redesigned EQ and adjustable power output allow for excellent tone at any volume.
Power up to 10 separate effects units via their own isolated outlet. Emulate sought-after sag on 2 outputs with adjustable voltage from 6V to 15V at 250 mA.
This all-mahogany AE245JR generates a woody, warm tone with a soft response when fingerpicking and punchy high-mids with a clear projection when strumming.
Lock away your Explorer or Explorer-shaped guitar with this protective hard case. It features the Epiphone logo on the front.
Built in Spain from ebony and European spruce, the Cordoba 45 Limited classical acoustic guitar exhibits plucky attack, deep tone, and eminent playability.
Pick up this Yamaha acoustic-electric and be impressed! The reliable A3R gives you stage-ready sound with its state-of-the-art SRT preamp and pickup system.
What do you get when you pair a 7-string with extended 26.5" scale? The Ibanez RGDIR7M's beefy growl is articulated through its DiMarzio Fusion Edge pickups.
Riff to your heart's content with perfect intonation thanks to the Gibraltar Standard II-7 bridge, standard-issued on the metal-ready RGAIX7U Iron Label.
Designed with Peter Frampton, this limited-edition "1964" Texan model features a rare Faded Vintageburst finish and an L.R. Baggs DS-ELE two-pickup system.
Find your inner Petrucci with this neck-through, American-made Majesty, loaded with a piezo-equipped Music Man tremolo and DiMarzio Illuminator humbuckers.
Made for metal, the Ibanez Iron Label RGAIX6FM packs two DiMarzio Fusion Edge humbuckers, and sports an ebony fretboard for effortless leads and riffage.
Hold the EBow over a guitar string to create a focused feedback loop -- and infinite sustain. Like magic, your plucked string instrument becomes a bowed one.
Explore sonic atmospheres big and small with the Marine Layer reverb. Choose from 3 different reverb types, each with 2 variations, to dial in any sound.
Upgrade your guitar with sleek EMG JH Set pickups -- patterned after the pickups James Hetfield has used for 30 years -- for a full low end and tight attack.
Get your hands on the versatile and comfortable Axis model. With its basswood body and humbucking pickups, this Axis cranks out some seriously powerful tone.
Using a single 10" Celestion V speaker, the Origin20C provides a classic all-valve Marshall tone with power scaling controls for low, mid and high output.
Transport your favorite acoustic guitar in style with an Ibanez Powerpad 541 gig bag, featuring smart designs and color choices in polyester and suede.
Featuring a contoured double-cutaway profile, swept neck heel, and Apex headstock carve, this Custom LE Modern DC brings proven design into the modern age.
Get clear, natural guitar tones or gainy vintage tones with this 10 watt combo amp. The preamp features tone, volume, and gain control.
Beyond the intricate inlay, the retro-inspired Ibanez B200 banjo's Remo Weatherking head has a basswood rim and brass tone ring for rich, twangy tone.
Fender's Deluxe Roadhouse Strat has all the fixings: Noiseless pickups, an S1 switching system for versatile tone and synchronized tremolo for smooth action.
Can't hear yourself at practice or on stage? Get your amp on this Gator stand and tilt your sound up toward your ears -- instead of through your legs.
Rugged, and portable, the Super Champ 1x12 Speaker Cabinet is designed for optimal performance when paired with the Super Champ X2 Head.
Want a gorgeous acoustic sound with the easy playability of an electric guitar? The ESP LTD Thinline 12-string guitar is the best of both worlds.
Made for the modern player, this Contemporary Series Strat features a pair of high-output humbuckers, 12" radius maple fingerboard, and matching headstock.
Elegantly designed with simple controls, the PRS Sonzera 50's master presence knob will take you from chiming high-end to smooth, darker rhythm tones.
Worn-in like a truly well-loved Gibson, this left-handed Les Paul will have southpaws reeling thanks to a Slim Taper neck and 490R/490T PAF-style pickups.
Turns out they do make 'em like they used to. Case in point: Fender's handwired '57 Deluxe amp, with its lacquered tweed covering and that famed mellow tone.
Command the low end in sleek, stealthy style with the 27" scale length satin mahogany neck and EMG 85 and 81 pickup combination of this Dean Icon Baritone.
Precision-molded from ABS materials for consistency, the Vorson AUP2 concert ukelele maintains playability and neck stability regardless of weather changes.
Experience the legendary sound of the Orange Terror series! The Micro Terror brings the iconic Tiny Terror's tasty tones to an even smaller 20-watt amp head.
The Dual Terror DT30H brings the unmistakable tone of the Tiny Terror to a whole new level. Two channels and 30 watts make this one versatile amp head.
Recreate Stevie's Texas blues tone with this reproduction of his Sunburst Strat -- featuring a unique "oval" neck and 3 smoking-hot Texas Special pickups.
Got multieffects? Play through 100 presets, tweak and save custom sounds, layer up to eight effects, and step on the expression pedal for real-time control.
This compact Martin 000-RSG Auditorium is ready to travel the world and provide you with beautiful tone wherever you go thanks to its solid wood construction.
From surf rock to punk, the Fender Jaguar is a favorite weapon of choice. This nitro-lacquered guitar features a pair of period-correct Pure Vintage pickups.
Big, Friendly Guitar? Beastly Face Grinder? Play the Les Paul BFG and interpret its beefy, firey, gargantuan tone for yourself.
Push torrents of biting '90s metal tone through your cab with the Bugera 1990-Infinium. Featuring two channels, this head is as versatile as it is powerful.
A great fit for gigging musicians, this mega-portable 200 watt amp uses a lightweight neodymium speaker and fits anywhere with it's slimline cabinet design.
Etched with Paul Reed Smith's signature, this gorgeous strap goes perfectly with your Paul Reed Smith guitar.
Eliminate annoying noises for good with the Deci-mate. Let notes sustain without an unpleasant cutoff thanks to the pedal's fully adaptive release response.
Capture the sound of a genuine Hummingbird with this 2018 Walnut AG version. A thinner body and a cutaway offer the comfort you require to play your best.
With a Guatemalan rosewood fingerboard and bridge set elegantly against a satin finish, Martin's 000-17 looks and sounds the part of a well-loved classic.
Get a uke to match your own sick tats! This Luna ukulele sports tribal markings along its mahogany top and a sun rosette around its soundhole.
Orange you glad the JHS Pulp 'N' Peel V4 compressor pedal exists? Grit and extra headroom help you squeeze every drop of goodness out of your guitar or bass.
With a maple hollow body, spruce top, 3-piece neck and a pair of single-coil pickups, the Guild X-175B Manhattan is a vintage beauty in both looks and sound.
Meet Schecter's PT Apocalypse -- the axe that maintains rigor-mortis-like stability and tuning whether you're rocking a show or bashing zombies in the face.
Bring Marshall power to your acoustic gig! This 50-watt 2x8" amp offers instrument and phantom-powered mic channels, plus digital chorus and reverb effects.
Get your hands on a sweet-toned semi-hollowbody guitar that will fit on anyone's budget! This Ibanez AM53 features sapele top, back, and sides for even tone.
Harness the behemoth tone of the cult-classic '90s "Green Russian" Big Muff with this faithful reissue, housed in a much more pedalboard-friendly enclosure.
Play like the master does. With an HSH pickup configuration, the JEM7V offers Steve Vai's amazing tonal range, along with the super-fast action he requires.
Experience the future of amplifiers with the Blackstar ID260TVP, which includes a MIDI Input, USB connectivity, and six voice channels.
If you get one delay, make it a DL4! This pedal gives you every echo or delay effect you've ever wanted -- including 14-second looping, reverse, and more.
Mastodon guitarist Bill Kelliher's signature BK600 gets clear definition from its Lace Dissonant Aggressor pickups, even with gargantuan gain levels.
Kick on this pedal to turn your guitar into a fat polyphonic synth. The SY-300 doesn't require a special pickup to be installed -- just plug in and play!
There's a reason why Snark tuners are found on so many headstocks. The SN5X improves the accuracy, readability and dependability of its popular predecessors.
Explore another landscape of tonal possibilities with the 2019 ES-335 Dot P-90. Its pair of MHS P-90 pickups lend this classic model a rowdy tonality.
Control noise and feedback, smooth out string and pickup response, boost too-low signals or even out too-hot ones -- all with the Boss CS-3 compressor pedal.
Put three different reimagined and timeless styles of both spring reverb and tremolo at your feet with the versatile Source Audio True Spring Reverb pedal.
With inputs for your acoustic guitar and microphone, the Fender Acoustasonic 40 is the perfect portable companion for singer-songwriters on the move.
With two Fender Wide-Range humbuckers and an elegant f-hole in its semi-hollow ash body, this faithful reproduction of the '72 Telecaster doesn't disappoint.
Keep your guitar sounding great for long stretches by stringing it with Elixir Nanoweb strings. Their thin coating matches the feel of traditional strings.
The Artcore Expressionist AM93QM is ideal for gigging players with versatile Super 58 Custom pickups and a Quik Change III tailpiece for fast re-stringing.
Load these into your axe for a one-way ticket to tone paradise. Developed with Devin Townsend, these pickups offers two distinct voices via a push/pull pot.
No matter your style, this Jazzmaster looks great and sounds even better. The simple controls of this American Pro model make it perfect for any player.
Choose the Vox AC30C2 with Celestion Greenback speakers, or the AC30C2X with Alnico Blue speakers. Both amp models are based on the classic Vox AC30 design.
A well-built guitar with a sturdy gig bag for a solid price, the Taylor 110e Dreadnought Walnut acoustic-electric offers Taylor quality at a reasonable cost.
Dial in a range of overdriven tones with the JHS Kilt. The G1 and G2 controls can be used in various combinations to go from subtle grit to all-out fuzz.
This A-framed guitar stand doubles as a desktop mixer stand. It's the perfect stand for both acoustic and electric guitars.
Supercharge your tone with this stunning axe. The asymmetrical poplar burl top is cradled by the ash body for a distinctive look with versatile tone options.
This Ibanez fixed-bridge electric guitar has a Wizard III neck and Infinity pickups for comfortable playability, a powerful punch, and maximum sustain.
The Gator GC-LPS is a vital investment for guitarists. Don't risk damage to your Gibson or Epiphone Les Paul - pick up a Gator GC-LPS for some peace of mind.
Power your pedals and accessories and keep them quiet when they're not in use. This power supply includes 9, 12, and 18-volt outputs.
Look no further than the Masterbilt series for a fine blend of affordability and pro build quality. The solid Sitka spruce top projects a brilliant top end.
Designed around the Clyde McCoy Wahs from the '60s, The Xotic Wah's bias, Wah Q control and EQ reshapes the classic Wah tone to fit your own sonic needs.
Mahogany back and sides, a spruce top, and square-shouldered dreadnought body all come together to make the Hummingbird a prized acoustic in any collection.
Get timeless Stratocaster performance and tone at a great price. The Squier Affinity Strat includes a comfortable rosewood fretboard and a whammy bar.
The SL1 Soloist has serious attitude and tone to match, thanks to a super-fast hard rock maple neck, three Seymour Duncan pickups and an original Floyd Rose.
Get the famed TS808 overdrive sound with all the same tonal control in a pedal that's a small fraction of the original's size with the Tube Screamer Mini.
The detailed figuring on the maple-topped body of this lap steel complements its sweet and present tone. The included gig bag keeps it looking fantastic.
Get everything you need to carry and power your pedals. This pedalboard/carrying case combo features a power supply under the board to save room.
A perfect companion for the EVH 5150 III MX head, this cab comes stocked with a Celestion Heritage speaker.
Want a unique look and tone to match? The ESP LTD EX-200 guitar features a roasted jatoba fingerboard, ESP humbucking pickups and set-neck construction.
Gator Transit series bags have a weatherproof exterior, soft micro-fleece lining, and rigid interior construction for extra protection for your acoustic.
Make a statement! This dazzling gold sparkle-bound Gretsch Rancher Falcon Jumbo sings with full-bodied acoustic tone from maple and spruce construction.
This hard case will comfortably store your 6 or 12-string dreadnought acoustic. The heavy-duty aluminum valance exterior provides maximum protection.
D'Addario EXL120 strings offer great performance. The D'Addario EXL120s are Super Light gauge strings, great for lead work.
George Benson's signature Ibanez GB10SE is a relatively slim hollow body featuring Benson's signature mini humbuckers that are suspended to prevent feedback.
Your hands are going to be pretty busy on your guitar -- so the Line 6 FBV Express MkII puts control of Line 6 Spider amps and POD processors at your feet.
Lefties, make your gigs come alive with the AE245L. This acoustic features a scalloped X-brace design to let the top vibrate freely for clear projection.
Clean up your sound with the NS-2 Noise Suppressor. This Boss pedal eliminates noise and hum from the input signal, while preserving your guitar's tonality.
Ultimate flexibility is the name of the game with the 22500 Dual Stereo Looper pedal. Store up to 100 separate stereo loops or play along with 16 drum loops.
Create tons of chime and chorus-type effects with this 12-string acoustic. The solid spruce top and mahogany back and sides offer superior balanced tone.
Love the Phase 90 and Phase 45, but need to save precious pedalboard real estate? Have no fear. The Phase 95 combines both circuits into a tiny enclosure.
DiMarzio Air Norton, True Velvet and Tone Zone pickups, an ultra-fast 11-pc Wizard neck and an Edge Zero II tremolo make this S1070PBZ a real shred machine.
Built for select Ibanez models, the MR500C molded Roadtour guitar case gets your treasured axe from gig to gig in plush comfort and locked-down security.
Enjoy enhanced clean tones and two rich, complex overdrive channels -- all powered by ECC83, ECC82 and EL34 tubes -- with the Blackstar HT Stage 60 MkII.
The Martin GPCPA4's shaded Sitka spruce top gives it an eye-catching look, while its Fishman F1 Analog electronics make it great for stage performance.
Featuring a comfy cutaway for upper-fret access and a Fishman Presys preamp, this 12-string Fender CD-140SCE gives aspiring players a full range of tone.
With a flame maple top, Fishman electronics, and Indian Laurel fretboard, the FA-345CE offers plenty of features found on pro guitars at a price you'll love.
The Trace Elliot Transit A preamp gives the professional acoustic guitarist all the tools needed for killer tone, without the over-burdening extra controls.
Almost nothing beats the sight and sound of a Marshall 4x12 in the backline. The 240-watt MX412AR features a sizzling quartet of Celestion G12E-60 speakers.
Keep your ML-Series guitar safe and sound with this hard case. With a 46-3/4" interior length, this case is only designed to fit ML guitars.
This feature-laden, spring reverb-loaded Rockerverb gives you more control over headroom, with output power options and footswitchable attenuator controls.
The Swamp Thang Guitar Speaker produces anything but a muddy tone. Whether you're looking for a thick, biting or smooth tone, the Swamp Thang will deliver.
Add vintage flavor to your tone with this compressor pedal. With controls for sensitivity and output, the Dyna Comp can add smooth sustain or clicky texture.
Keep your ES175 out of harm's way with this hard case, which features plush interior and the Epiphone "E" stenciled on the front.
Whether you're a student or you like the feel of a smaller instrument, you'll love the powerful sound of the Fishman Sonitone-equipped Martin Dreadnought Jr.
The Fender Hot Rod Deluxe III is a modern classic. With 40 watts of tube power and three gain channels, it delivers searing, high gain to crisp clean tones.
You'll be spitting sonic venom in no time after plugging in this baritone Snakebyte. A set of James' signature EMG pickups keep the sound mean yet focused.
With two channels and 80 watts of power, the versatile Randall RG80 combo amp delivers devastating tone -- clean or with the gain maxed out.
With a solid African mahogany top, back and sides, this dreadnought produces a refined midrange. The Acacia koa binding only adds to the guitar's beauty.
With six amp models and eight effects packed in a 12" x 9" battery-powered package, the Cube Street is as much a portable audio toolbox as it is an amp.
Dressed in a modern, black-on-black tolex and grille combo, and loaded with a single Celestion Greenback, this Peavey 112-6 cab is perfect for all styles.
Made with exotic mahogany, this tiny acoustic-electric bass has a warm, full-bodied sound and stunning good looks -- and the portability of a ukulele.
Sporting a sleek ebony finish and modern cutaway, this limited-edition incarnation of "The Workhorse" gives contemporary players a fresh take on the J-45.
Featuring all the famous appointments of the Hummingbird, this limited model adds a modern twist with a Big Sky Blue finish and black-and-white pickguard.
Perfect for electronic musicians, the RC-202 is a descendant of the popular RC-505, packed with looping features and multi-effects in a compact enclosure.
Tune up your guitar in any situation with the most portable PolyTune yet! Strike all the strings at once to spot-check the tuning of each at a single glance.
The compact Flashback Mini's three knobs create a world of delays. Want even more? Its TonePrint feature lets you tap into tons of downloadable presets.
Punish your amp's speakers all you want. Zakk Wylde's signature speaker delivers deep low end, ultra-clear mids, and crisp highs -- all at up to 300 watts.
Own the guitar that started it all. This PRS Custom 24 includes all the iconic features: a flame maple top, bird inlays and 85/15 humbuckers.
Get all the distortion of an overdriven tube amp with the Boss SD-1 pedal. Tweak the tone control knob to dial in some grit, or go for a smooth, round tone.
Ready for the road or the couch, this OX2MAE features a small body built from high-pressure laminate and an FSC-certified Richlite fretboard and bridge.
Control a wide range of pedals and amps while saving precious pedalboard real estate. This tandem-arranged Boss dual footswitch offers two selectable modes.
With its all-mahogany construction, the 00-15E Retro projects a warm, midrange tone that cuts through the mix. The Fishman F1 Aura+ sounds great on any PA.
Want a wide range of sounds? Try this processor's 37 effects pedals, 12 amp voices, and 9 kinds of speaker cabs to spice up your tone.
All-mahogany construction gives the Fender CD140SCE a rich tone that's responsive to a variety of playing styles, from hard strumming to soft fingerpicking.
Elixir Nanoweb electric strings offer reliable performance. With an average lifetime that is 3 to 5 times that of other strings, they are a great choice.
Build textures -- or write your next big hit with this pedal! The DigiTech JamMan Stereo offers 35 minutes of looping time in 99 internal memory locations.
Get that new string sound every time. The EXP coating protects your strings from corrosion making them extremely durable and long-lasting.
Loaded with a pair of mini humbuckers and a 9-ply mahogany and walnut through neck, this left-handed Gibson 2019 Firebird is designed for performance.
Powered by Fishman Fluence humbuckers for unmatched clarity and articulation with low noise, the ESP LTD EC-1000S electric guitar excels at high-gain music.
The Mimiq Doubler lets you get double, triple and even quadruple-tracked tones live! Adjust tightness to control how precise the overdubs sound.
With its extra-long 26.5" scale, two-octave range, and scorching Bare Knuckle Aftermath 7 strings, the Uppercut will bring out the beast in your playing.
Emulate the heavy, high-gain tones of Anthrax's Scott Ian with his signature King V. This mighty axe is powered by a pair of Duncan Designed HB-103 pickups.
Featuring a smaller-sized body with a chambered spruce center block, this Electromatic is primed and ready for high-gain power and lightweight comfort.
Stand your collection of electric, acoustic, or bass guitars on this Fender multi-guitar stand. Its steel frame and padded foam protects your instruments.
The Fender Classic '50s Strat offers original sound and feel. This vintage-styled guitar features a one-piece Maple neck and original spec AlNiCo pickups.
If the bold design of the Arrow 401 inspires you to shred, its thin-U neck and aggressive EMG 81 and 85 pickups will bring out your hottest licks.
Beginners and pros alike will love the comfortable feel, compact size, balanced sound and beautiful look of Breedlove's USA Oregon concert acoustic-electric.
Get the robust tone of a dreadnought without sacrificing your reach into the higher register thanks to the Martin DC-16E's convenient cutaway and 000 depth.
Add some weight to your sound with this pedal, which delivers a smooth distortion. You can get everything from '60s fuzz to heavy metal distortion.
A glossy front finish over its flamed maple and African mahogany body and a satin back finish give the Monarchy Majesty sharp looks and smooth playability.
With two soapbar pickups and a floating tremolo system, this Squier includes everything collectors love about '60s Jazzmasters -- for an affordable price.
The Breedlove Solo Concert Nylon CE Red Cedar classical has a comfortably thin neck, and its Side Monitor Soundhole helps you hear yourself loud and clear.
A reissue of a '60s classic, this all-tube amp pushes 45 watts through 4x10" Jensen Alnico speakers with sweet tube-driven spring reverb and vibrato effects.
With its solid Sitka spruce top and beautiful mahogany back and sides, the Angelus AX20E rocks. Fishman GT1 electronics make sure you sound great anywhere.
With Misha Mansoor's name on this 7-string Jackson axe, you know it's gonna be fast. A graphite-reinforced neck provides stability for effortless shredding.
The debut Epiphone signature for Five Finger Death Punch's Jason Hook, this M4 Explorer features Seymour Duncan SH humbuckers and custom "Sherman" graphics.
Part of Ibanez's Artcore series, and featuring set-neck construction, the AS7312 semi-hollowbody is a stellar value on a 12-string electric guitar.
Take control of your signal level without killing dynamics. The HyperGravity can be set for a modern, multi-band compression, or a vintage stompbox squeeze.
Go acoustic -- at the press of a footswitch! Choose standard, jumbo, enhanced, or piezo modes, then dial in the body and top sound you like, and add reverb.
With a 25.5" scale, the Super Swede offers a different feel from traditional, shorter scale single cutaway guitars, giving players the best of both worlds.
Sporting a Floyd Rose tremolo, Seymour Duncan Blackout pickups, neck-thru design and an aggressive "V" body shape, this heavy-metal axe is ready to rip.
Twice as much fun as a regular Hellcat, this 12-stringer's ready to rock. The Rancid frontman's signature acoustic offers great projection and balanced tone.
Graced with a gorgeous figured maple arched top and decorated with pearloid sharkfin inlays, the Jackson JS32Q Dinky Quilt Top commands attention.
Clip this strap on your guitar's end-pins, and you can be assured that your instrument will stay in place while you shred.
Southpaws can bask in the glory of a classic Gibson model with this '61 SG Standard. The Burstbucker 61 pickups crank out the tone of the model's first year.
With a smaller body shape that projects a tight, focused sound, the Taylor A12 Academy GC is great as a first guitar, or a practice/backup acoustic.
With the 339, Gibson shrinks the body of a 335 for a more comfortable playing experience. Its pair of MHS II humbuckers produces an organic, vintage sound.
This Plum Archon combo delivers classic tube drive via 6L6 power tubes and JJ12AXT preamp tubes. Switch from 50 to 25 watts to get breakup at a lower volume.
Protect your prized Ibanez RG, S, or SA guitar when you're on the road. This molded hardshell case from Ibanez features TSA-approved locking latches.
This tube combo amp packs a Super-Sonic punch with 2 gain stages and 22 screaming watts. With its footswitch and on-board reverb, it's all the amp you need.
A lively Adirondack spruce top paired with solid rosewood back and sides give this Fender Paramount dreadnought rich highs and robust lows.
Get a gorgeous case for your new De Luxe or De Luxe Classic archtop! This hard case is inspired by the original Masterbilt cases from the 1930s.
Rock hard with the Dean Michael Angelo Batio MAB4 Gauntlet electric -- its bolt-on neck, Floyd Rose bridge, and jumbo frets make it stable and easy to play.
Plug in and freak out. The M-101 Phase 90 adds a shimmery velocity to leads or a dramatic swoosh to muted playing, and works well for many instruments.
Add extra dimension to your sound with this Ibanez Prestige model. A pair of Fusion Edge humbuckers cranks out a tight bottom end with crystal-clear highs.
An instrument worthy of the Foo Fighters and Nirvana guitarist, this Hagstrom Pat Smear signature model features Custom 58 pickups and sleek body contours.
Dive down into uncharted acoustic bass tone territories with Alvarez's ABT60E baritone guitar. This acoustic-electric features B-Band Sys550 electronics.
Get ready to rock out with this Japanese-made tone machine. EMG 61 and 80 active humbuckers and a set neck give this ESP axe killer tone and endless sustain.
Adjusting your action or pickup height? Don't eyeball it -- this D'Addario string height gauge measures precisely in metric and standard increments.
Similar to the G12m-25 Greenback, but with a thicker low end, these speakers push more air out of smaller cabinets for a big and bold sound.
Blend traditional tones with the high-performance feel of modern construction. This AZ series axe includes Seymour Duncan Hyperion pickups for pristine tone.
Strum out huge, complex tones from this stunning koa GS Mini. The gorgeous solid Hawaiian koa top looks projects a crisp sound that sweetens up over time.
This quilt-maple-topped Schecter is about more than great looks. Loaded with EMG 57 and 66 humbuckers and a Floyd Rose 1000 tremolo, it's a tonal chameleon.
The inimitable Roland Jazz Chorus boasts one of the finest clean tones available, making it the perfect blank canvas for pedals and its own on-board effects.
The 6L6 all-tube power that roars from the Randall RD45H can handle a number of styles. Perfect for effects, this amp can make any guitar sound great.
This Pro Soloist SL2Q pairs a mahogany body with its maple quilt top. With a 12"-16" compound-radius ebony fretboard, it's a lightning-fast metal machine.
Based on the classic Les Paul Artisan, the Epiphone Lee Malia Les Paul Custom sports a P-94 single-coil in the neck and a hot-wound 84T-LM in the bridge.
Pair the PAF-like voice and active headroom of the 57 bridge pickup with the smooth mid-range and vast lows of the 66 neck pickup for a tonal one-two punch.
This traditional, yet modern mahogany acoustic guitar produces a warm, clear tone. This is made possible by its open pore natural finish.
Show your guitar you care! This Gibson guitar care kit includes low-abrasion metal cream, fretboard conditioner, finishing cream, polishing cloths and more.
Make your amp scream with true tube distortion. This pedal delivers the warm sound of a vintage tube amp.
ESP M- and MH-Style guitars are definitely heavy-duty axes, but even they need to be protected on the road. Keep them armored in this ESP LTD case.
Solid African mahogany construction gives this D120CE a bold, balanced acoustic sound that's amplified by a tastefully hidden Fishman Sonitone pickup.
Perfect for solo performers, the two-channel Fender Acoustasonic 15 amplifier offers excellent on-the-go amplification for vocalists and musicians alike.
Designed with the help of jazz guitar virtuoso George Benson, this 40-Watt, all-tube combo amp uses a 100-watt Jensen speaker for a clean but resonant sound.
Featuring an HSH configuration of Player Series Alnico 5 pickups and a "Modern C" maple neck, this Strat is packed with all the articulate tone you need.
Belt out some of the raunchiest tones known to man with the EC-258 8-stringer. A pair of LH-308 humbuckers produce tones so fat they're borderline unhealthy.
Based around the sought-after sound of a cranked Sunn Model T, Acapulco Gold delivers earth-crushing power amp distortion with a single, oversized level knob.
Featuring a discrete FET design, this pedal can deliver up to +20dB of boost packed with shimmering, full-bodied tone like the original Echoplex preamp!
With the Misha Mansoor Juggernaut HT6's agile, graphite-reinforced neck and jumbo frets, you can break the speed barrier and achieve supersonic shredding.
Featuring a rich quilted top and active electronics, the Vorson active lap steel guitar is made for the stage. Create new sounds across 8 strings.
This hardshell case fits most standard acoustic guitars without the risk of damaging the finish. The storage compartment offers ample room for accessories.
With on-board delay and access to thousands of tones via Tonebridge app connectivity, the Laney Mini Lionheart Stereo is the perfect portable guitar amp.
A djent or math rock guitarist's weapon, the Jackson SLAT8FF provides huge 8-string range and optimized intonation on every note thanks to fanned frets.
Get down and dirty with this powerful seven stringer. The reverse headstock, bound ebony fretboard, and flame maple top give the SIX7FDFM a customized look.
Get complete control over your sound with this 7-band equalizer pedal. It also eliminates unwanted feedback.
Play a guitar built for luxury. The Taylor 814ce Deluxe is constructed with V-Class bracing, Indian rosewood back and sides and a solid Sitka spruce top.
A slim neck, along with Ergocut shaping and a 16" fingerboard radius makes the Multiac ACS-SA an ideal choice for players transitioning from steel to nylon.
The Celestion Vintage 30 offers high output and vintage tone. The tight, responsive Vintage 30 is a natural fit for high gain tube amplifiers.
Featuring sharp curves and a Floyd Rose bridge, this axe was made for metal. A pair of high-output Jackson humbuckers will take your tone over the top.
Get the most out of any amp modeler with the Friedman ASM-12 powered cabinet. Its Celestion drivers deliver full-range tone with crisp treble and thick bass.
The Zenith Classic radiates with '30s style, from its arched spruce top graced with two f-holes to the ornamentation on its headstock and ebony fretboard.
Outfitted with a stopbar tailpiece, Seymour Duncan 59 humbuckers and flamed maple top/back/sides, this Excel DC looks and sounds like a total classic.
The asymmetrical headstock of this Solo Concert 12-string allows for impeccable tuning stability while its comfortable 1 7/8" neck facilitates bar chords.
Pick up a sturdy gig bag for your Flying V-shaped guitar. Its thick interior padding and water-resistant exterior keeps your guitar safe and protected.
Turquoise emblems line the front of this leather strap, giving it a distinctly western look -- perfect for country or southern rock musicians.
Sometimes, the smallest creatures are the deadliest. The Laney Ironheart IRT15 lets you select 15 or <1 watts of tube power, for low-volume high-gain grind.
Get a Strat built to the legendary axeman's specs. The Jeff Beck Stratocaster sports a soft C-shaped neck and a contoured heel for easy high-register access.
Protect your investment with a World Tour Deluxe acoustic gig bag. Its heavy-duty, water-resistant padding ensures your peace of mind.
Made with gorgeous premium leather and padded for comfort, this Vorson guitar strap is great for gigs while being kind to your shoulders.
Conceived as an affordable answer to the legendary Klon Centaur, Soul Food is a favorite of guitarists for its transparent overdrive and extended headroom.
Get the legendary clean tone of the Jazz Chorus and Roland's famous Dimensional Space Chorus effect in a small, living room-friendly package with the JC-22.
Martin's D-18 1939 VTS Aged takes you back to the '30s. Wood was solid, glue was made from horses, and guitars were built to sound great and last a lifetime.
Eventide packed this pedal with gorgeous reverb effects from the H8000FX and Eclipse V4. Get the sounds of a dedicated rack processor -- in a stompbox size!
Stomp on the EHX Op Amp Big Muff to induce a Siamese Dream of crunchy fuzz tones. This unique Muff features a tone bypass switch for unfiltered goodness.
Reliable yet affordable, the Hohner Special 20 is a classic plastic-comb harmonica. This five-pack includes the most popular keys, plus a carrying case.
EMG active humbuckers and a maple top cloaked in a black Ebony gloss coat promises hellish tone to those brave enough to tap into this guitar's evil powers.
Ibanez Prestige series guitars are built for anything. Made in Japan, this seven-stringer delivers the brutal tone and style you demand on stage every night.
Configure three different loops on the Boss MS-3 and take control of your effects. Along with 112 on-board effects, the MS-3 is the centerpiece for any rig.
The three pickups and five-way switching on Fender's Deluxe Nashville Tele give you all kinds of tones, from aggressive to mellow and everything in between.
The custom Far Beyond Driven graphic and ML body style is all Dimebag. Plug it in, and the DMT Design pickups produce killer tone with tons of attitude.
Let the good times roll with this fun banjo ukulele. Take this tiny instrument anywhere to enjoy the lovely twang of a banjo while strumming ukulele chords.
Warm up your distortion tone with this renowned pedal. The BD-2 Blues Driver offers classic blues tones and simulates the response of a tube amp.
Constructed with enameled wire, nickel-plated studs, and balanced coil windings, this vintage-style pickup sounds just as smooth as a '59 humbucker.
Enter the world of ukuleles with this Luna Vintage model. The smaller soprano size produces a killer sound that's tamed with the all-mahogany construction.
With scalloped x-bracing, a solid spruce top and on-board Fishman Presys electronics, the Fender CD-140SCE boasts features beyond its affordable price.
With its memory foam core, Neoprene underside, and hidden pocket, this guitar strap is ready to take the stage with you -- providing hours of comfort.
Designed to complement each other, not deliver drastically different sounds, Seymour Duncan Holcomb Alpha/Omega pickups provide clear definition and detail.
Equipped with a 5-piece walnut/maple neck that runs through its solid mahogany body, this Ibanez RGRT421 boasts sustain for days.
Replace your Stratocaster's tremolo with this Babicz Full Contact Strat Tremolo bridge and enjoy unmatched sustain thanks to its patented eCAM saddle system.
Frightfully effective, the JHS Haunting Mids Sweepable EQ can turn any amp or pedal into a monster by perfectly boosting and cutting midrange frequencies.
Built from durable plywood and aluminum, this extra large pedalboard case from Gator Cases is made to protect your pedals from the rigors of the road.
The Waza Craft CE-2W celebrates 40 years of the Chorus Ensemble with an expansive sound field, stereo output, variable chorus and a full-featured CE-1 mode.
Looking for a sturdy guitar strap? Beefed up with thick padding, this leather strap from Vorson makes wearing your guitar or bass more comfortable.
Crafted from mahogany with a Grand Performance body shape and Fishman Matrix VT Enhance electronics, this GPC-15ME is ready to take the stage at any time.
A vintage-correct analog effect that nails the sound of pedals like the Arion SCH-1, the Emperor V2 does chorus, but is also a catch-all modulation solution.
Playable and comfortable with a resonant tone, the Ibanez RGMS8 multi-scale 8-string electric guitar uses fanned frets for better string tension and sound.
Recreate the studio sounds of reverb and chorus during a live performance with the FG-TA. The Transacoustic effects prompt inspiration each time you play.
Thanks to Variax HD technology, you can instantly access a world of instruments, tones and tunings with the turn of a knob on the Line 6 Variax Standard.
Safely protect your valuable effects with style in a Blackbird pedalboard. This ATA case features mounted input and output jacks for lightning-fast setup.
A pair of Wide Range humbuckers gives this Tele its fat tone, while a C-shaped neck gives it its comfortable playability.
As part of the Vintage Modified series, this Squier offers an affordable version of one of the all-time great Telecaster releases.
Play hard and fast with this Hipshot hardtail bridge-equipped Schecter C-1 Elite, complete with Fishman Fluence Modern active pickups for tight rhythm work.
Reach astonishing lows with the RG8. An impressive five-piece slim neck accommodates eight strings with easy playability and incredible sustain.
Thicken up your guitar sound with the built-like-a-tank Boss pedal. Get sharp chorus with clear, defined highs, or roll back the EQ for mellower tones.
Embellished with ornate inlay work and equipped with unique electronics, this Bob Weir signature is the brainchild of Ibanez and the Grateful Dead leader.
The Zoom MS-70CDR packs 86 high-quality, customizable chorus, delay, and reverb effects into one portable stompbox, making it ideal for performing guitarists.
Complete with Fishman electronics, this versatile Martin acoustic-electric guitar is perfect for solo performance, on stage with a band, and in the studio.
The retro-inspired Martin D-15M Burst gets its crisp, powerful tone from its all-mahogany construction and its dreadnought body shape.
The DiMarzio pickups, locking tuners and ergonomic feel of the SIX6DFM uphold the 3 Pillars of Successful Shredding: comfort, control, and responsiveness.
Westwood serves up a damn fine cup of hot, transparent OD that's well-mannered enough to complement a low-wattage combo, but packs tons of responsive gain.
Plug in your guitar or jam your favorite tunes with this Laney Mini Ironheart Stereo amp, then connect to the Tonebridge app to access thousands of tones.
The Bogner Ecstasy Red Mini packs the same gain structure and EQ that gave the original its searing, high-gain tone into a more pedalboard-friendly package.
Take your tone on the road. The 3-watt Blackstar Fly has a separate line-in so you can jam to favorite songs, and silently record via the emulated line-out.
Get 25 hours of playing time on 6 AA batteries with this compact powerhouse -- plus a bevy of onboard effects, 8 COSM amp models, and even iOS compatibility.
Get the same BOSS precision you rely on in a clip-on tuner! The backlit LCD screen is easy to read in any setting and has a whopping 25 hour battery life.
With high-density padding, a water-resistant exterior, and backpack-style straps, this World Tour gig bag keeps your acoustic guitar safe during transport.
Voodoo Lab bundled a large-format Dingbat pedalboard with Pedal Power Mondo power supply and gig bag -- just add your favorite pedals!
Get blistering power-amp-soaked overdrive out of this 50-watt PRS Archon head. Drop the power down to 25 watts for sensational tone at a lower volume level.
An asymmetrical favorite flies again. The Guild S-200 T-Bird's LB-1 pickups, comprehensive controls and vibrato put endless tonal options in your hands.
If you love the sound of a classical guitar but hate the feel, this guitar is for you. It features a smaller neck for added comfort and playability.
The Eventide TimeFactor offers 10 studio-grade delays -- everything from deep digital to warm tape and a looper -- so you're sure to find the perfect echo.
The Egnater Tweaker offers unbelievable tonal control. With 15 watts of power, the Egnater Tweaker is a great sounding, powerful, and compact head.
Pick up your very own Steve Lukather model without selling your extra kidney. A pair of high-output humbuckers will drive any amplifier to saturated heaven.
Control multieffects and more with this momentary footswitch pedal -- perfect for channel switching, paging through presets, tap-tempo input and beyond.
Whereas most 7-string guitars have tension issues, the Ibanez RGMS7 remains stable and exhibits resonant tone on each string, thanks to its multi-scale neck.
Experience the legendary stability of Ibanez with the RG521 Genesis electric -- its Super Wizard neck and locking machine heads keep you locked in the zone.
With vintage analog slap back and delay, this pedal will take your sound back to the 60s. It features intensity, echo and repeat rate controls for sound shaping.
On-board LR Baggs Element electronics simply amplify the beautiful tone of this Seagull Artist Mosaic Element, made in Canada from solid cedar and mahogany.
Featuring Custom aesthetics like block fingerboard inlays and a split diamond headstock inlay, the ES-275 is a work of art -- and a heck of a tone machine.
Multiple wattage options and an attenuator switch let the Orange Rocker 15 Terror guitar amp head adjust to whatever volume you need, without sounding flat.
Channel the shredding power of Megadeth's Dave Mustaine with this lean, mean Deth V, featuring Angel of Deth graphics and Duncan Live Wire humbuckers.
Looking to get the most out of your VoiceLive pedals? Add this specially designed footswitch for customizable control over effects, loops, presets and more!
Get that rich, dynamic Martin sound for an affordable price, courtesy of this acoustic-electric's solid Sitka spruce top and Fishman Sonitone electronics.
Revisit classic blues and folk with this affordable spruce-topped and sapele-bodied parlor guitar from Ibanez. Its short scale makes it a breeze to play.
Loaded with four EL34 power tubes, the EVH 5150IIIS 100S hearkens back to the earliest in Van Halen tone, recreating smooth contour, sag and saturation.
Made to fit your Katana-50 like a glove, this amp cover will keep your amp looking like new. An embroidered Boss logo looks great on the polyester exterior.
When you need to pack a powerful punch in a pint-size package, reach for the PowerStage 700. A speaker-simulating XLR output allows speaker-less operation.
Recreate the sounds of Gibson's '50s humbucker pickups with this vintage pickup. It's available with open coils or gold or nickel-plated covers.
With construction and playability that's comparable to guitars many times its price, the Silo3 features an HSS pickup combo for a wider variety of tones.
Dial in your distortion on MXR's Fullbore Metal Distortion pedal. With Volume, Gain, and Frequency controls, you can create the high-gain tone you're after.
This compact maintenance table allows you to fix your guitar with ease and fold it back up for easy transport. It features added compartments to keep tools and extra supplies.
This Mini version of the Friedman Dirty Shirley serves up the tones of a vintage British tube amp, and it goes great with drive and modulation effect pedals.
Go heavy with this Jackson Pro Monarkh! Get a variety of high-octane tones courtesy of the aggressive humbucking pickups.
Get hands-free control over any number of Digitech pedals. This footswitch takes up very little space but makes a huge difference on stage.
Play the Martin acoustic that Eric Clapton prefers for his blues-style finger-picking -- with a petite 000 body style and comfortable shorter scale length.
Meet Mono's Tick 2.0. This handy accessory bag clips on to any Tick-enabled Mono case, granting you even more storage space for your gear!
With its sharp cutaway, thin body, and B-Band pickup/preamp, this mahogany/maple classical guitar delivers rocker looks and amplified nylon-string tone.
With molded plastic to fit your Strat or Tele-style guitar, this hard case is built to offer maximum protection. It features TSA locks and plush interior.
Adjustable from 37" to 51", this Levy's 4.5" garment leather bass strap is lined with foam padding for a comfortable fit for even the longest jam sessions.
This SG really is something special! Loaded with crispy mini-humbuckers and block inlays, the 2018 SG Special's monstrous tone defies its humble appearance.
Add a professional flair to any acoustic performance with the work horse J-45 Standard. Sitka spruce and mahogany combine to create a brilliant, strong tone.
Play your music anywhere with the Loudbox Mini Charge. This battery-powered acoustic amp features two channels to clearly project your guitar and vocals.
Based on the classic TS808, the Palisades V2 Overdrive features six clipping voices, five bandwidth settings and two gain styles to deliver the perfect grit.
With 11 amp models, 20 effects, 40 user presets, a drum machine, chromatic tuner and more, the Digitech RP55 pedal is an unbelievable value.
Call the monster tone of Gojira up from the depths with this signature Joe Duplantier Pro-Mod from Charvel, equipped with locking tuners and Duncan pickups.
Get John Petrucci's style at a great price. The Sterling JP60's superb build quality, feel, and thick sound make this signature model a fantastic value.
With its all-mahogany body and neck construction, rosewood fingerboard, and a punchy, clear tone, the Luna Concert ukulele represents an incredible value.
Glowing with the power of eight JJ ECC83 preamp tubes and four Winged C 6L6 power tubes, this hand-customized 100-watt head screams with rock 'n' roll tone.
Transport your Boss ME-80 and essential accessories with this ruggedly designed, padded carry bag, which features a fleece interior and front zipper pocket.
Perfect for finger and hybrid picking, the Mini Ego evens out your guitar's signal for a fuller sound. The miniature size makes pedalboard placement a snap.
Get "Unchained" tone with the same stompbox that Eddie uses on stage! This flanger pedal features Manual, Speed, Width, and Regeneration settings.
Pick up this dual humbucker-loaded Strat and supercharge your sound. The Shawbuckers have been individually voiced for each position to deliver optimal tone.
The D'Addario EJ16 Phosphor Bronze acoustic strings sound great and last a while. With a high-carbon steel core, the D'Addario EJ16s are highly durable.
Adding some flair to the AZ lineup, the AZ224F features a stunning flamed maple top and an HSS trio of Seymour Duncan Hyperion pickups for unmatched tone.
Designed for left-handed shredders, this Flying V Tribute sports a stealthy satin ebony finish, black hardware and a pair of Dirty Fingers Plus humbuckers.
Grab this Kalamazoo model to get your hands on a piece of Gibson history! An early '60s neck profile plays fast, and the MHS pickups crank out a smooth tone.
This high-flying bird's single mini-humbucker is all you need to rock. Finishing touches include a lightning bar wraparound bridge and rosewood fingerboard.
With bold features like a reverse headstock and stunning finishes, this Ibanez RG creates articulate tone from its DiMarzio humbuckers.
Score your own retro-futuristic piece of music history with the 2018 Flying V. The radical V-shaped mahogany body and BurstBucker pickups are made for rock.
Add tons of versatility to your rig with the SR250. This 25.5" scale Shuriken delivers considerable tone and tuning options thanks to Variax HD technology.
This recreation of Dave Murray's go-to Strat boasts three single-coil-sized humbuckers with roaring tone worthy of Iron Maiden's legendary guitarist.
Equipped with powerful ID:Core technology and two 10" speakers, this 100-watt tube combo packs quite a punch while still weighing in at only 27.5 pounds.
Enjoy the look and feel of a well-loved guitar with the StreetMaster. This 00015M delivers a robust sound thanks to its beautiful all-mahogany construction.
Get ready to rock on this slick Ibanez double-cutaway AX120. Its twin humbuckers provide hot tone you can shape via dual volume and tone knobs.
GHS Boomers are highly popular, durable electric guitar strings. With nickel-plated steel wrap, GHS Boomers sound great and are built to last.
Capture any amp's tone with the Bias amp head. This 600-watt beast is ready for any venue, and you can leave your valuable and fragile old amps at home.
Built from mahogany with Sitka spruce bracing, this StreetMaster D-15M comes with a beautifully distressed satin finish and an included soft gig bag case.
The Line 6 Pocket POD is great for modeling on the go. The Line 6 Pocket POD features 32 amp models, 16 cab models, and 16 effects.
As radical in 2019 as it was in 1958, the Gibson Explorer's distinct mahogany body and Burstbucker 2 & 3 pickups beckon those about to rock.
Dig deep with the extended range of this 7-string Schecter C-7 Elite. A Floyd Rose locking tremolo provides solid tuning stability for hard shred sessions.
Got two guitar amps? Switch between them -- or combine them -- with Radial's BigShot true bypass switcher. This passive ABY footswitch requires no batteries.
Crank 50 mean watts out of the angry MG50GFX. Select from the Clean, Crunch, OD 1, and OD 2 channels -- and add in an effect -- to sculpt righteous tones.
The EVM12L Classic is a 200-watt version of the EV speaker that's been going strong since 1983. Load this workhorse woofer in your cab for big low-end punch.
This extra-small incarnation of the legendary POG gives you all the same polyphonic controls as the Micro POG in the popular, space-saving Nano enclosure.
A hand-finished neck with a slim nut width gives this Seagull S6 a comfortable feel, while solid cedar and wild cherry construction produces a robust tone.
The Ibanez AF75TDG Artcore has classic twang with modern refinements. The AF75TDG features 20 frets and a Vintage Vibrato for note bending.
This USA-made Wolfgang comes modded to Eddie's "Signature" specs -- from the red-button killswitch and Floyd Rose locking trem to those eye-bolt strap pins.
Step into the world of Marshall amplifiers with the versatile CODE25. Select from 14 different preamp models to recreate the sound of classic Marshalls.
The EVH 5150III LBX packs two channels of searing EVH tone into a portable 15-watt lunchbox amp that's perfect for bedroom practice or studio work.
Accurately tune your guitar with the help of three dimensions! The vibrant 3D display on the Pitchblack Custom is easily seen on even the darkest of stages.
This Wildkat's koa top and semi-hollow mahogany body provide warm resonance, while its dogear P-90 pickups can bite when you need them to.
With its distinctive 24" scale, floating vibrato bridge, and Duncan Designed pickups, the Squier VM Mustang is the first Mustang guitar in the Squier family.
Drown your rig with the lush sound of vintage combo amp tremolo with the Tidewater. A trio of controls allow you to dial in the right amount of character.
Strum away on this solid sitka spruce and mahogany dreadnought from Guild. An onboard AP-1 piezo pickup projects the nuances of the guitar and your playing.
Strum out huge sounds from the tiny Venice Soprano ukulele from Fender. Featuring a stylish bound body and an unmistakable Tele headstock, this uke rocks.
Control your Vox VT amp with this footswitch, which allows you to switch between presets and turn effects on easily. It even controls your Korg Stageman 80.
Terrorize the world at any of 4 selectable wattages with the Orange Brent Hinds Terror -- a hard-rocking two-channel head that roars at any volume.
The Reunion Blues RBCE1 gig bag will protect your electric guitar with its shock-absorbing Flexoskeleton, reinforced neck brace, and Quadraweave exterior.
Sterling's version of James Valentine's signature Music Man features a distinct roasted maple neck and an on-board 12dB boost for your solos to take flight.
Look ma, one hand is all it takes to change fret position for the Kyser Quick Change capo. The padded neck grip also helps protect your guitar.
Crank out up to 45 watts of EL34 power with this Fender Bassbreaker. Individual volumes on Normal and Bright channels let you easily dial in stellar tone.
Display your top 4 guitars in a compact space with DRS Racks' Alpha rack! Built from solid bamboo, the rack also features padded neck support.
Made with hand-selected solid African mahogany and a real bone nut and saddle, the Alvarez Masterworks MFA66SHB delivers booming, dynamic response.
This John Petrucci 7-string axe extends your low end with style. The JP157 features Music Man custom-voiced ceramic humbuckers for tight chugs and hot leads.
Designed after the classic '83 USA Pacer, this guitar is perfect for the hair metalhead as well as the modern shredder. It comes in a Candy Red, Black, or Pearl White finish.
Dive into the deep, shimmering tones of the PRS Singlecut McCarty 594 Limited semi-hollow, a versatile electric with a stunning, highly figured maple top.
Go galactic with this Ibanez RG! The stunning finish on its Laurel burl top complement the brilliant tones you'll get from DiMarzio Fusion Edge pickups.
Perfect for small hands and younger players, the Les Paul Express delivers killer tone and a solid build so you can play your best from your first note.
Get this pack of Dunlop Tortex picks and stop worrying about losing the one in your pocket. This 72-pack of Dunlop Tortex picks is available in many sizes.
Versatile enough to handle anything you throw at it, this Fender Player Strat sports a pau ferro fretboard and an HSH configuration of Alnico 5 pickups.
Armed for marathon jam sessions with its Bigsby vibrato and coil-tappable humbuckers, this Bob Weir signature will spice up your playing.
With a Sitka spruce top, the Breedlove Pursuit Exotic Concert CE is a singer-songwriter's best friend.
Welcome to the Dark Side. The Dual Dark 100 will take over your sound and give you unreal power with two channels, attenuation, and selectable wattage.
Crank out 50 watts of pure power with the 101 Mini guitar amp. Weighing just two pounds and small enough to fit in your hand, this is the perfect backup amp.
Perfect for cramped pedalboards, this mini wah is made to crank out big tone. Get the wah tone needed by selecting from three internally switchable voicings.
Featuring a roasted maple fretboard and top, the JP15 is ready to deliver impressive tone. The DiMarzio Illuminator humbucking pickups output clear sound.
A dreadnought from the originators of the dreadnought. This DRSG features a Sitka spruce top and siris back and sides for crisp highs and a defined low end.
Sporting a pair of P-90 single coils, the Les Paul Classic takes you back to the mid-'50s. The AA flamed maple top makes this guitar a looker on any stage.
Protect your Avenger or Synyster from loading disasters with this hard case. It features plush interior and a tough exterior construction.
V all that you can V -- Jackson's smooth-playing X Series King V KVX has the crunchy tone you need, courtesy of two High Output humbuckers and an active EQ.
Don't let the mini-humbuckers fool you, this Les Paul Deluxe is a powerhouse guitar. The Player Plus model features a gorgeously figured AA flamed maple top.
With bold forward-thinking appointments and a stunning flamed maple top, the 2018 Les Paul Standard HP takes the beloved Les Paul into the future.
Armed with a Bigsby B50 tailpiece and low-output Filter'Tron pickups, the Yamaha RevStar RS720B is incredibly versatile and responsive to pick attack.
Pick up the Contemporary Active Strat and start shredding with the best of 'em. Melt faces thanks to a pair of active humbuckers and a Floyd Rose tremolo.
Show your Taylor -- and your shoulders -- some love with this soft, smooth suede guitar strap which proudly displays the Taylor name.
More than just a travel guitar, the BT1 Baby Taylor can be played in any number of ways, whether as a slide guitar or capo'd to achieve mandolin-like sound.
The Newporter Player serves up robust sound at a great price. A crisp, balanced sound is produced by a solid Sitka spruce top and mahogany back and sides.
Designed with comfort and style in mind, the Taylor 810e Deluxe features a radius-style armrest, Adirondack spruce bracing, and Chrome Gotoh tuners.
Two expression pedals are at your feet, complete with tap switches, looper control, and a multitude of stompbox and rack effects -- what will you play next?
Enjoy the feel and tone of a Custom 24 with the added performance of a Floyd Rose tremolo. The on-board 85/15 "S" pickups howl with balanced, blazing tone.
Built from solid mahogany and loaded with BurstBucker 2 and 3 pickups, this Gibson 2018 Explorer gives left-handed players access to trail-blazing tone.
This classical guitar features a cutaway design and a Fishman Presys blend pickup with onboard digital tuner. It's the perfect gigging guitar.
Beef up the gain in your amp by plugging these Tung-Sol 12AX7 tubes into the preamp section. Their dynamic sound is low in microphonics for clear output.
The thin C-shaped neck and extra-jumbo frets of the affordable Schecter C-7 Deluxe let you easily hit every note in the extended range of this 7-string axe.
Your Orange amplifier rig needs this white single-function footswitch. It is designed for use with the AD30TC, Rockerverb 50 and 100, Thunderverb 50 and 200.
Show your Fender pride with this 2-inch Fender strap. It features the Fender monogram and is available in several different color patterns.
The Fat Fuzz Factory produces incredible amounts of face-melting gain like the original, but with a sub switch to open up a ton of powerful low-end signal.
Moisture-resistant ABS plastic combs and classic Fender style give these 10-hole diatonic harmonicas a tone that towers above the crowd.
Show off your classical chops with this elegant all-solid-wood acoustic. A Canadian cedar top and Indian rosewood back and sides deliver sweet, warm tone.
Colorful, harmonic-rich tube tone is yours with the Orange TH30H. With adjustable 7/15/30-watt output, this two-channel head shines in the studio!
This isn't your ordinary Strat. Engage this S-1 circuit to unlock an active preamp loaded with distinct voices, all selectable by a 6-way Rotary Tone Switch.
Combining the Paisley Drive and long-discontinued Underdog overdrive, the Paisley Drive Deluxe Dual OD slings two distinct channels of stackable overdrive.
Rock with the same tones as Joe Satriani himself. This Marshall head features four separate channels for extremely flexible performance possibilities.
Fill up any room with smooth tone from this small-bodied AG Parlor acoustic. This slim guitar produces a huge sound thanks to its beautiful Sitka spruce top.
This Squier is the perfect semi-hollow body guitar for any genre. It comes packed with Alnico V single coil pickups and a three-saddle bridge.
Nothing compares to the monstrous sound of an Orange 4x12 cabinet. The Power Projection Cabinet delivers a full, bright, and balanced sonic assault.
Play with the strings that produce the sound that Eric Clapton demands. These phosphor bronze strings have a distinctively warm, clear tone.
With a three-channel design, aux-in circuit and a range of power from 1 watt up to 30 watts, the Laney IRT30-112 excels for both gigging and practice.
Inspire your playing to come alive with this limited-edition Luke III. The stunning Claro walnut top has what it takes to stand out in almost any collection.
Faithful to vintage Gretsch parlor guitar designs, this Jim Dandy Flat Top is built from agathis and nato with a traditional roots guitar body shape.
Inspired by Ross, Dynacomp and Universal Audio compressors, the Deep Six offers polarity correction and an internal voltage of 18V for maximum headroom.
Experience the vintage style and playability of a '60s Jaguar. This Squier Jag features Duncan Designed JG-101 single-coil pickups, and a 24" scale neck.
This gorgeous 000 12-fret acoustic from Martin has an all-mahogany body for robust and resonant tone, and a compact body design so you can play all night.
Hear the rich, resonant tones of the D-18 dreadnought. An American classic, this Martin features a genuine mahogany body and solid black ebony fretboard.
A reissue of a legendary pedal, the Maxon OD808 delivers smooth, natural, transparent overdrive like a full-up tube amp. Let your instrument's tone shine!
Sling on this stylish, thick-bodied, single-cutaway ESP LTD axe, and build massive rhythm crunch and searing leads with the help of active 81/60 humbuckers.
With interior plush and foam as well as foam neck support, this guitar case will fit and protect nearly any guitar.
The baby brother of EHX's Memory Boy delay pedal, the Memory Toy offers up to 550 ms of analog delay with feedback and a Modulation switch for lush chorus.
Stripped down to one knob, the Hall of Fame Mini Reverb produces realistic and huge reverb sounds -- in a compact design that won't clutter your pedalboard.
With a beautifully flamed maple top and a trio of Alnico 5 single-coil pickups, this Fender Player Stratocaster Plus Top looks as smooth as it sounds.
With molded-in bumpers and plush interior, this hard case perfectly fits and protects Jaguar and Jazzmaster guitars. It also features TSA locks.
Built to the original specs of 1979 Deans, this ML79 features an enlarged Series 2 headstock, Dean Zebra humbuckers and a vintage-correct blue burst finish.
Ditch the 9v battery on your acoustic and pick up one of these Fishman Fluence rechargeable battery packs. A single charge will keep you playing for weeks.
Drop from E to D with ease with this Drop D tuning system. The D-Tuna kit includes a D-Tuna, Allen wrench, spring, and 2 replacement string locking screws.
Control your volume and sweep your effects or parameters with this flexible pedal -- even reverse its cycling direction, thanks to a convenient switch.
Enhanced in every way, the Blackstar Stage100H Mark II features footswitchable channels and modes, power reduction and a professional USB recording output.
Gibson enhances a classic model with the 2018 SG Standard HPII's gorgeous flamed top and direct-mounted '57 Classic humbuckers.
Offering zero coloration and 20 dB of boost, this little pedal will thicken up your sound and add some volume when you need your playing to be out front.
The Schecter Omen Extreme 6 FR offers sharp looks and great tone. With a Floyd Rose for note-bending and a quilted top, the Schecter Omen Extreme 6 FR rocks.
Similar to the McCarty 594, the Singlecut 594 is a pro's dream guitar. Top-quality hardware, premium tonewoods and a pair of 58/15 pickups bring the thunder.
Play the guitar that former Smiths guitarist Johnny Marr plays. Designed in collaboration with Fender, Marr's Jag was voted MIA's Electric Guitar of 2012.
Get five harmonicas in popular keys plus a case with the Hohner MBC Marine Band pack. The Marine Band is known for its warm, tuneful sound and dependability.
Ultra-Modern weight relief will allow lefties to play this stunning Les Paul Standard long into the night while enjoying the tone of Burstbucker pickups.
Hold down the tightest rhythms with the low end provided by the extended scale of this C-7, along with the tuning stability of a Hipshot hardtail bridge.
Dial in the exact overdrive you need with the Wampler Euphoria pedal's three highly detailed voice modes -- smooth, open and crunch.
The stunning '59 Gretsch White Falcon is reborn with all the fixings, like a gold Bigsby B6GVT tremolo and TV Jones Classic pickups.
For a powerful 7-string electric at a reasonable price, you can't go wrong with the Schecter Demon 7 -- its thin neck and contoured body make rocking easy.
Lost your knob? Don't worry -- these PRS lampshade-style knobs are a quick fix to get your axe looking good and playing right.
Get searing tone and wicked style at an amazing low price with the Ibanez GRG121DX.
Does your acoustic guitar pickup sound thin? Not with this DI. Enhance your tone with Fishman's "images" of studio-miked guitars, EQ, compression and more.
A solid spruce top, solid mahogany back and sides, and scalloped X-bracing help the Martin D-16GT dreadnought acoustic guitar resonate with warm tone.
With a mean satin ebony finish, black hardware and Dirty Fingers Plus humbuckers, this Gibson 2019 Flying V Tribute is all about stealth shred-ability.
Vox's Adio Air GT combo amp covers decades of guitar tone via powerful amp and effects modeling, and it's all controllable with your phone through Bluetooth!
Access a wide variety of tones from super sweet to gritty and raw with this humbucker pickup. It offers the perfect amount of sustain and distortion.
The iconic look and sound of the Hummingbird sings for 2019. This square-shouldered beauty features a Sitka spruce top and familiar illustrated pickguard.
Premium hardware components, screaming Seymour Duncan pickups, and a set-thru neck make the ESP LTD MH-1000NTQM a stable and lightning-fast electric guitar.
zZap!! The JHS SuperBolt V2 overdrive pedal electrocutes your tone like an overdriven '60s tube amp, including realistic sag and a footswitchable gain boost.
Chock-full of vintage style, this Streamliner is versatile enough for any modern player. A rock-solid P90 and Broad'Tron humbucker combo produce sweet tones.
Great for players of all levels, this sapele Dreadnought Junior maintains the booming bass of the dreadnought body shape in a comfortably compact size.
Keep your guitar as clean as it can be with this care kit. It includes five bottles of Dunlop guitar care products, three polishing cloths, and instructions.
Built like a vintage D-35, the Martin D-35E Retro boasts modern Fishman F1 Aura Plus on-board electronics for a transparent sound when you're plugged in.
Enjoy an incredible, genuine Gibson acoustic at a fantastic price. The J-15's soothing, complex tone is produced from a combo of Sitka spruce and walnut.
The Taylor 814ce acoustic-electric comes with patented V-Class bracing, Expression System 2 pickups and the attention to detail of a flagship Taylor guitar.
All killer and no filler, this Standard Tribute model offers real deal SG tone and feel. A pair of 490R and 490T pickups crank out classic Gibson crunch.
Create 3-part guitar harmonies and much more with this pedal. It features harmony, pitch shifter, super bend, and detune effect modes.
Celestial, sparkling highs and a punchy midrange allow the Avante Gryphon to be played like a mandolin, but in a tuning that's familiar for guitarists.
Add some vintage dreadnought flavor to your guitar collection. The Martin HD28V includes old-school appointments like a modified V neck profile.
With complete mahogany construction, this Breedlove Pursuit Concert E provides an enormous pallet of tonal color for strumming or fingerstyle playing.
Carry your Gibson Explorer or Firebird guitar in a distinct case. This hardshell case is constructed with a molded ABS polymer and a plush-lined, foam padded interior.
Get the Carbon Copy tone you know and love, with the added benefits of an extended delay time of up to 1.2 seconds and long-awaited tap tempo functionality.
The legendary Roland Space Echo has risen again as the Boss RE-20 Space Echo Delay. Fans of the original will love the analog tape echo sound of this update.
Tune your guitar quickly with this clip-on digital tuner. Its light-up LED screen makes it easy to tell if you're sharp, flat, or in tune.
Wrapped in tolex for durability, the Blackbird 1224 pedalboard has real estate for 12 standard-sized pedals and comes with two black solderless 1/4" jacks.
Get that boutique distortion sound with the Brent Mason Hot Wired V2. It features separate overdrive and distortion channels, bass boost, and true bypass.
Gator's hard-shell ukulele case porvides excellent protection for your instrument thanks to its tough, plywood exterior and plush interior.
The Tosin Abasi signature set packs tons of variety into a small package. These humbuckers feature two distinct voices, and can also be used as single-coils.
Multiple soundholes give the Ovation CE44P crystal-clear sound with mighty projection -- and a unique look that is sure to catch everyone's attention.
With a smooth, contoured top and screaming DiMarzio pickups, the RGAT62 is the velvet hammer you wield when comfort and utter tonal chaos are the only goals!
Stomp on the Sea Machine for liquid smooth, versatile chorus. Experiment to go from subtle modulation to warbles that would make Captain Ahab sea sick.
Get three octave modes in one pedal, including polyphonic octave mode, drive mode, and the original OC-2 mode. Drive mode gives your notes a boost with fat distortion.
Choose the wattage output with this combo amp. It features 2 input sockets, one for the full 15 watts and the other for .75 of watt output.
The perfect companion for gigging singer-songwriters, this Fender Acoustic 200 features on-board effects and two channels for instrument and microphone use.
Wielding an EverTune bridge and a set of EMG 85-7H and 81-7H pickups, the MH-1007 packs a powerful punch for those seeking a reliable, earth-quaking 7-string.
Get full, dreadnought sound and legendary Taylor quality with the Academy Series A10, a 15/16-size acoustic with a solid spruce top and a matte finish.
All black and sliver with no nonsense, the ESP E-II ECBB gets brutal with its EMG 81/60 humbucker pairing, Gotoh locking tuners and ebony fretboard.
Shape your sound for the stage or the studio with this compact, easy-to-use EQ pedal from Danelectro. It features level controls for boost or cut.
Powered by Ibanez's Quantum humbuckers, the S521's three-dimensional tone is equally well-suited for hardcore wailing and intricate chording.
Equipped with high-output Jackson humbuckers and an unabashedly bold body style, the Jackson Kelly KEXT is ready to rock the stage.
Heavy magnets, Batman! This heavier Creamback has 75 watts of power to give the heaviest riffs perfect definition and intense presence.
Proudly tote your beloved Gibson guitar in this premium soft case. The durable yet soft exterior protects a plush interior to keep your guitar blemish-free.
The original Double Agent is back with a vengeance, combining a humbucker/P90 pickup configuration with a single cut body and Tune-O-Matic stop tail bridge.
Count on a ton of bang for your buck with the Deluxe HSS Strat. The Vintage Noiseless single-coils and Twin Head humbucker explode with complex, pro tone.
Rip like Randy Rhoads with the Jackson RR3 Pro --- featuring black pinstripes on an ivory finish, a Floyd Rose trem and a pair of Seymour Duncan humbuckers.
With its Antique Natural finish, cutaway, rosewood back and sides, and premium LR Baggs VTC electronics, this Hummingbird sets itself apart from the flock.
Packed with brutal, high-gain distortion and endless sound-shaping options, the Fender Full Moon has everything you need to unleash relentless sonic mayhem.
A bare-bones bruiser, the EC Black Metal model melts faces without all the fancy stuff. A single "Blackened" Black Winter pickup produces extreme output.
Own the raw power and tone of a Katana amp in a formidable half-stack format. The amp features five different preamp flavors for a wide range of sounds.
Bring back the British Invasion guitar sound by engaging the Top Boost circuit on the meticulously hand-crafted, vintage-styled Vox AC15HW1X combo amp.
Dressed in a stealthy satin nitro charcoal finish, this PRS S2 Standard 22 slings highly versatile tone via 85/15 "S" humbuckers and a push/pull coil tap.
Take a step back to the '70s with the OR15H. This head combines the latest in Orange design and tone with a decisively vintage vibe.
Start your picking career right with the Washburn B8 50-String Banjo Pack. Includes everything needed to get started on the banjo.
Loaded with Schecter Diamond Plus pickups and an ultra-thin neck for easy shredding, the Banshee Extreme 6 is a great place to begin your Journey of Rock.
With its 200 pound capacity, you can be sure that this heavy-duty wall hanger will hold and protect your wide-neck guitar.
This dreadnought boasts a sapele body with a single cutaway and a built in pre-amp for a top-notch entry level guitar with sweet, crisp tone.
The MH-1001NT's 25.5" scale and hardtail bridge make it ideal for drop-tuned chugging. Its EMG 81/85 humbuckers ensure you sound clear at the lowest depths.
Pick up this Luna acoustic to really show off your individuality. The spruce top features a laser-etched tropical design that looks as good as it sounds.
Perfect for playing around campfires and taking on road trips, the Fender Redondo's solid spruce top and Fishman electronics ensure a great sound anywhere.
Alexi Laiho of Children of Bodom brings you his metal machine! The ESP LTD Alexi 600 uses a single EMG HZF-H2 passive pickup, a Floyd Rose and Grover tuners.
Loaded with 4 Celestion GT-75s, the Marshall 1960A cabinet is an iconic piece of rock history. In terms of tone and projection, no speaker cab compares!
Bassists get a leather strap of their own with Levy's M4GF. The 3.5" width is easy on the shoulders and its suede underside provides a slip-free fit.
Five legs is better than three. With two extra legs, the Starfish Plus offers extreme stability, withstanding up to 30 degrees of tilt without falling over.
Outfit your Gibson with the guitar strap it deserves. Made in the USA, the Austin guitar strap is crafted of top-quality leather with memory-foam padding.
With its solid Sitka spruce top, gorgeous wild cherry back and sides, and superb Godin QIT electronics, the S6 Original offers a ton of bang for your buck.
With great temperature-tolerance due to its laminate back and sides, the Martin 00LX1AE Grand Concert acoustic-electric is an ideal traveling companion.
Celebrating Blackstar's 10th anniversary, this Series One combo is limited to 1,000 pieces worldwide and features a single KT-88 tube for extra headroom.
Transport pedals easily in the rugged Gator G-Tour pedalboard with wheels. Its foam interior protects your pedals until you're ready to stomp on them.
Experience true flexibility of tone with the Friedman BE-50 Deluxe. Its multiple gain stages, EQ options, and tone switches let you dial in tonal perfection.
With a rich low-end, creamy midrange, and chiming top-end, the G10 Gold conveys the mellowness of the Blue, but with the speed and response of a 10" driver.
This 7-string monster Ibanez RG features a coil-tap switch for instant access to single-coil tones from its pair of DiMarzio Fusion Edge pickups.

With clear tone and a comfortable feel, this Songwriter also adds a cutaway to reach the highest frets. A Sitka spruce top projects a lively, complex sound.
Get natural, crisp tone from your acoustic guitar with these bronze acoustic guitar strings from Gibson. Each pack is vacuum sealed for freshness and extended string life.
Flawlessly harmonize with yourself using the Quintessence harmonizer. PolySense and an innovative pressure sensitive footswitch allow for endless tweaking.
Get on stage and prepare to wow your audience with this killer Takamine. The solid spruce top and maple back and sides produce a powerful, balanced tone.
Send your guitar, bass, or keyboard signal to your amp and the mixer simultaneously with this passive DI box. It's ideal for connecting to venue PA systems.
This stunning mahogany Schecter delivers incredible tone with an active EMG 81 pickup, plus a Sustainiac electromagnetic driver for never-ending sustain.
Add the tone magic of vacuum tubes to your acoustic playing with this Orange pre. A 12AX7 tube in channel A adds warmth and smooths out your overall sound.
The Marshall 1960AV offers classic Marshall tone in a classic 4x12. With 280 watts of power handling, the Marshall 1960AV is ready to rock.
The tone guru's own Strat boasts a custom-contoured 2-piece alder body with a thin nitrocellulose finish, and a quarter-sawn maple neck in a soft V shape.
You don't have to be a beginner to enjoy this guitar! With its solid spruce top and Fishman Classic Design electronics, the CD-60SCE sounds good anywhere.
Made from the same luxurious paisley material as their cases, this PRS strap lends any guitar a stylish elegance whether for an acoustic set or rock show.
Safeguard the unique looks and tone of your Artcore with this hardshell case, which features a tough Tolex exterior and is specifically designed for the AF85, AF75, AF75D, and AK85.
Sweet and smooth like a cool glass of sweet tea, the Santa Ana is the last overdrive pedal you'll need. Switch between the two voices to find your sound.
Control your tone with this 3 mode gate pedal. The M-135 lets you go from crisp cleans to blaring distortion without any unwanted noise.
Adorned with abalone wave inlays and with a body constructed of koa, the Luna High Tide ukulele projects rich tone with incredible style to boot.
The EC-1000ETFM's thin-U neck and Seymour Duncan humbuckers will inspire you to rip, and its EverTune bridge will keep you in tune no matter how hard you go.
A great gift for any guitarist, this 2" strap by Ernie Ball is made of polypropylene webbing that resists stretching over time and won't let its colors run.
Here's one effects pedal you'll want to leave on all the time. Shape your tone and eliminate feedback with 7 bands of EQ and 15 dB of cut/boost on each band.
Perfect for beginners up to pros, the FG820 will keep you playing for hours. Get a bright, lively tone from the solid spruce top and mahogany back and sides.
Capture the '80s spirit and sound with a colorful Ibanez Genesis. This lefty version features V7, S1, and V8 pickups in HSH format for a variety of tones.
Take a no-nonsense approach with this Neil Westfall signature. A single Bare Knuckle Aftermath humbucker produces a hyped sound that'll make your amp scream.
Save time with the deeply DAW-integrated Nektar Pacer foot controller -- because when you're making music there's no time to waste on MIDI troubleshooting.
With this On-Stage guitar rack's sturdy wood construction and EVA bumpers, you can safely and elegantly stow up to six electric guitars or three acoustics.
This Jaguar combines classic looks and modern circuitry to cater to a new generation. The 4-way pickup switch can engage both pickups in series or parallel.
Egnater named this guitar amp head the "Tweaker" for a reason -- it's loaded with ways to customize your sound and dial in that tone you've been chasing.
The sturdy String Swing CC01KO is useful for players who are short on space, need easy axe access, or want to show off their trophy guitar.
The Gretsch G2622T Streamliner CB may have a classic look, but with high-output Broad-Trons and a feedback-resistant design, it's ready for high-gain rock.
Crafted from tropical mahogany for a warm midrange, the Taylor 562ce produces gigantic 12-string tone from a small Grand Concert body with a 12-fret neck.
From tenor banjos to plectrum models, just about any banjo will fit in this Gator case. Its hard ABS exterior and plush interior lining keep your banjo safe.
This Taylor 414ce provides prime intonation, volume and sustain across every string and register thanks to innovative V-Class bracing and ES2 electronics.
Need a versatile acoustic? The Taylor 714ce guitar boasts a Lutz spruce top, patented V-Class bracing and a rich, dynamic tonal voice for studio or stage.
Blending the best of two models, the Schecter Hellraiser Hybrid PT gives you the comfort of an SLS ultra-slim neck and aggressive EMG tone of a Hellraiser.
This is one Advanced Jumbo you can't pass up. The AJ-220SCE features a warm mahogany top and a useful cutaway so you can easily reach even the highest frets.
De-clutter your pedalboard with this 9V power supply. It provides 1000mA of power to up to 10 pedals to give you perfect sound from each.
The power of Gibson's hardest-rocking electric is not only for the right-handed. For those about to pick up a left-handed 2018 SG Standard, we salute you.
With its stereo outputs and high-cut/low-cut filters, the Boss CE5 pedal lets you go from a mild tinge of chorus to a lush stereo soundscape.
Ideal for players with streamlined signal paths, the Voodoo Lab Dingbat Tiny pedalboard ships travel-ready with an included padded gig bag.
Comfortably rock the bedroom, studio or small venue with the Orange Rocker 15. Capable of 0.5, 1, 7 or 15 watts, this 1x10 is as versatile as it is portable.
Save the money you would be spending on batteries! Quickly and easily power-up select Korg and Vox products via this dependable 9-volt power supply.
Eight separate 12AX7-driven analog preamp circuits emulate the sounds of eight different tube amps, all packed into the AV60's compact 1x12 combo enclosure.
Hand-made from Canadian cedar and African mahogany, this full-sized nylon-string acoustic delivers the warm, resonant tone of a traditional Spanish guitar.
This Alvarez CC7CE Cadiz classical guitar sings with the help of a graduated solid AA Sitka spruce top, a treble bar and custom-cut asymmetrical fan bracing.
This legendary all tube 15-watt combo amp boasts two 12" Celestion Greenbacks and rich reverb and tremolo effects to add some spice to your sound.
Unlock all the features of your VYPYR Pro with the Sanpera Pro. Expression pedals on the left and right control volume, wah or any other effects parameter.
Plug into this pedal and add genuine Leslie rotating speaker effects to your keyboard or guitar -- from gentle warbles and watery textures to throaty wails.
Keep your 12-string dreadnought snug! The Gator GWE-DREAD case offers a hardshell construction, moisture-resistant exterior, and a spacious plush interior.
Featuring a short 24" scale and offset body, this Classic Series Jaguar sports an absolutely gorgeous Lake Placid Blue nitrocellulose lacquer finish.
Strum to your heart's content with this 50-pack of Gibson logo guitar picks in your choice of weight.
Perfect for dark backstage setups, this rugged, impact-resistant polyethylene guitar case from Gator features an interior LED light and TSA-approved locks.
Designed to hold three instruments, this stand lets you keep all your favorite guitars within reach.
Plug into a top-quality DI/preamp! This direct box features 3-band EQ with sweepable mid and notch filter, FX loop, phase reverse, and XLR and 1/4-inch outs.
The Dean Dimebag Trendkill ML delivers tone as lethal as its body graphics, courtesy of its high-output DMT Design bridge pickup and Floyd Rose tremolo.
Get all the modulation you could ever dream up in the Boss MD-500. From chorus to ring modulation, it's all here and all deeply programmable.
Who knew that Jag and Strat styles go together like peanut butter and jelly? The Parallel Universe Jag Stratocaster is aggressive, versatile, and awesome.
Fit your essential pedals on the Pedaltrain NANO+ for a tidy, minimalist rig. Its compact form and included soft case make it a great travel partner.
With a sound like nothing else, the Dobro Hound Dog resonator guitar combines soulful melody and classic styling for a memorable playing experience.
Built to the Dillinger Escape Plan guitarist's specs, the ESP LTD BW-1 FMET stays flawlessly in tune, even after bends or vibrato, thanks to the EverTune bridge.
Forget about installing locking strap buttons on your guitar -- this Auto-Lock strap from D'Addario fits over your existing buttons and locks into place!
Think of the Gibson 2019 ES-275 Thinline as a slimmed-down jazz box. Its MHS II humbuckers go from clean to rocking with plenty of vintage character.
Need some extra low-end oomph in your guitar tone? This beefy 15" speaker pumps out 150 watts of vintage guitar tone, loaded with low end rumble.
The Redback's 150-watt power handling and unmistakeable Celestion sound allow you to never have to choose a speaker for either its tone or power again.
Dial-in classic Marshall tones with the Plexi-Drive. A bass boost emulates the tone of a screaming 4x12" cab, while a pre-gain boost cranks your tone to 10.
Ovation puts their spin on the mandolin with the MM68AX Elite. A spruce top paired with Lyrachord body creates a resonant tone with great projection.
Never too boomy nor too bright, the Martin OMC-35E's balanced tonewood combination of spruce and rosewood projects a full sound out of a small body.
Get the tone of the past plus the pickups and playability of the future with a Martin D-18E. Includes either Fishman Aura VT or LR Baggs Anthem electronics.
You can't go wrong with a Gretsch Falcon, but you can go extra-right with this limited Azure Metallic G6136T -- a blue, shining bastion of tonal excellence!
This unique pack of electric guitar strings pairs lighter high-gauge strings with thicker low-gauge strings for easier soloing and a bigger bottom.
Guitarists and keyboard players can sit comfortably on the On-Stage DT8500 throne -- it's fully adjustable and doesn't restrict arm movement.
Featuring adjustable power output for rich tube tone at any volume, the 1-watt Marshall DSL1HR amp head sounds excellent even through the headphone output.
Tap into 89 effects and 30 amp models with the Boss GP-10. There's even a 13-pin GK pickup input, so you can access guitar synth tones and alternate tunings.
Peavey's Classic 50 410 gets excellent projection thanks to its four EL84 power tubes pushing a quartet of 10" Celestion Blue Magic speakers.
This Dobro's figured maple body and classic single-cone resonator create clean, warm tone. And with its Fishman pickup, this Hound Dog can really bark.
The Silvertone SS11 Revolver electric guitar pack includes a guitar, amp, gig bag, tuner, strap, cable, pick pack, instructional video, and extra strings.
This dual-function footswitch may be white, but it's distinctly Orange. It is designed for use with the Orange Thunderverb and Rockerverb Series amplifiers.
Ideal for busking, or playing on stages with limited outlets or quick changeovers, the Nomad M128 pedalboard provides rechargeable power for up to 10 pedals.
This axe's Custom Designed Seymour Duncan humbucker, Quarter Pound Flat pickup, and mean-looking snakeskin print is guaranteed to make the audience scream!
Add a professional edge to practice sessions with the MG15GFX. This 15-watt combo features five popular effects, along with clean and overdrive channels.
Generate some seriously obese tones from this devilish LTD 7-stringer. Loaded with ESP-designed LH-150 humbuckers, this guitar breathes fire into your sound.
Take full control of your metal tone. Loaded with four ECC83 preamp tubes and four 6L6 tubes, this amp head pushes out variable output from 1 to 120 watts.
This PRS McCarty 594 has serious vintage vibe, thanks to its single-cutaway body and a pair of Seymour Duncan Soapbar pickups that bite when pushing an amp.
Based off a vintage acoustic straight from Martin's museum, the 000-18E Retro has a timeless look that's modernized with the addition of Fishman electronics.
Get the extra sustain you need for your high-gain solos with this neck-through body Jackson Soloist. Perform insane dive-bombs with the Floyd Rose bridge.
Achieve complete tonal versatility! The A6 delivers both electric and acoustic tones with a humbucker in the neck position, plus an under-saddle transducer.
Rocking in style ain't only for the right-handed -- this lefty Eddie Van Halen Wolfgang Special brings serious tone, serious-er playability, and sleek style.
Stomp on this all-analog Boss overdrive! Switch between Standard and Custom modes for more versatile tonal possibilities with exceptional dynamic response.
With different gear ratios on each string to account for how different gauges are wound, Graph Tech Ratio tuners give you a consistent tuning experience.
Add Canadian-made 12-string tone to your stable. The Seagull S12 features Godin Quantum 1T electronics to accurately translate your tone when plugged in.
With a versatile HSS pickup configuration, mahogany and maple construction and a price that won't make beginners think twice -- this Kramer is a no-brainer.
Sleek and stylish, this 120W MG412BG is the perfect counterpart for your MG100HGFX head. Combine it with an angled cab for an earth-crushing full stack.
With a smaller concert size and arched mahogany back, the Guild M-240E provides a comfortable playing experience and a sound that's hearty for its stature.
Look great while shredding! The LTD MH-401NTQM guitar features a carved quilt top, neck-thru-body design, and active EMG 85 (neck) and 81 (bridge) pickups.
Built to the specs of Dimebag's ML, this tribute sports a stunning flame maple top in a Trans Brazilla finish, adding some class to its aggressive look.
The striking look of the "tattooed" top of the Luna TCMAH ukelele is only matched by the tropical warmth resonating from its mahogany body with every note.
With large T-Armond-style magnets for bright, harmonically rich tone, TV Jones Starwood Tele pickups will beef up your Fender Telecaster and make it sing.
Booming with sound, the vibrant full-bodied tone of this Taylor Grand Symphony guitar is perfectly captured by its Expression System 2 electronics.
Install the Anthem Tru-Mic in your acoustic. It eliminates the annoying honk and boxy tone of typical internal microphone pickups, while resisting feedback.
Whether you play jazz, funk, rock or some divine combination of the 3, the Ibanez John Scofield JSM20's tri-sound switch gets you all the tones you need.
The Sun Valley Super Shredder III lives up to its name with head-turning looks and  shred-friendly features like EMG pickups and a Floyd Rose locking trem.
Enhance your acoustic pickup and impart the rich, sonic compression of high-end studio outboard gear with the LR Baggs Align Session Compressor pedal.
Fortified by DR's EXTRA-Life coating, Black Beauties bass strings are pre-coated before winding for increased lifespan and exceptional tone and volume.
Inspired by the original 1939 Electar lap steel, this reincarnation features a plexiglass fingerboard, mahogany teardrop body, and a 500B "Blade" humbucker.
Sturdy and simply designed, this Ultimate Support guitar stand grips your axe around the headstock, providing stable support without touching the body.
At least the Apocalypse will bring incredible tone. This Schecter has a Sustainiac pickup for unending notes and a Floyd Rose tremolo to dive bomb to hell.
Get the tone of a Marshall JVM amp in a combo format. With EL34 and ECC83 power tubes pushing 100 watts, and 4 channels with 3 modes each, the JVM410C slays.
Place the Bugera PS1 in line between your tube amp and speaker cab to crank out that saturated overdrive tone from your amp without a visit from the cops.
Get electric guitar-like playability and tone in an acoustic-bodied guitar, thanks to the Taylor T5z Standard's 3 pickups and compact hollowbody design.
The purely analog ToneDEQ AFX combines a high quality preamp, effects, compressor, level booster and balanced DI all into a single stompbox-style unit.
Combining equal parts cool style and searing tone, the St. Vincent HH is an exceptional instrument. A pair of humbuckers keeps this guitar's tone thick.
Looking for a great entry-level guitar? With its powerful Fishman Sonitone electronics and its comfy body shape, you'll love the Martin OMXAE.
Don't let the name fool you; this Bad Horsie will be the nicest pedal on your pedalboard. It delivers a sweet wah effect that was set to Steve Vai's specifications.
The grand concert shape, solid mahogany top and short scale of the Ibanez AC340CE Artwood delivers a wide, dynamic sound and quick fingerpicking response.
The Polara features seven Lexicon reverb modes housed in a compact enclosure. Its unique "Halo" setting intersperses cascading octaves with reverb decays.
Take total control over your acoustic guitar's sound with the Boss AD-10. Add delay and chorus effects and sculpt your tone with the powerful EQ section.
Continue Randy Rhoads' immortal metal legacy with this Pro Rhoads RR24, loaded with a pair of aggressively voiced Seymour Duncan distortion humbuckers.
Join the ranks of rocks greatest guitarists by plugging into a Marshall half-stack. It includes the JVM410H Tube Head and the JCM1960A Cabinet.
With mid-heavy and full-frequency circuit options, the JHS Sweet Tea V3 overdrive/distortion is a meat-and-potatoes high-gain pedal -- with extra gravy!
Plug in anywhere and experience natural cab feel with Hotone's Binary IR cabinet emulator! It includes over 100 models, so you're sure to find one you like.
The Malibu Player sounds great everywhere, making it a perfect choice for playing on the go. Beginners will love the guitar's small body and 24.1" scale.
Perfect for aggressive guitarists who love to play hard, these strings will hold up through the entire show. The thicker strings create a more powerful tone.
Limited to 100 pieces worldwide, the AF77 brings vintage tone to modern players. The quarter-sawn bracing has been shifted back to produce a classic sound.
A solid spruce top, semi-gloss finish, and white binding make the great-sounding Seagull Entourage a lot more guitar than you might expect at this price.
Strum some seriously fat chords and thick leads from the Redondo Player. The guitar's big dreadnought body and traditional Fender headstock make it a winner.
Enjoy the snappy tone of a Grand Concert with a sweetened midrange thanks to the 322e's mahogany top. Use the ES2 pickup system for dynamic amplification.
At the pinnacle of flange lies the Pyramids, with eight unique modes, stereo I/O, tap and trigger functions and programmable presets for seamless live use.
This pegwinder features a built-in string clipper, making it a must-have tool that you will use time and time again.
The solid Sitka spurce top and compact shape of the 000X1AE gives this Martin a pristine tonal clarity.
With 15 rhythm variations and a wide-range of concert pitches, this combination tuner and metronome is a great way to make the most of your practice sessions.
Forget all those flimsy guitar stands -- take this case on the road. It holds up to 6 guitars on stage, then folds into a flat case less than 6 inches thick.
The perfect complement to singer-songwriters, this Dove dreadnought produces warm, smooth sound and is amplified by L.R. Baggs Element VTC electronics.
Extend the life of your pedals with tank-like protection from this Blackbird pedalboard case, crafted with 3/8" thick plywood and a foam-lined interior.
Protect your Les Paul from almost anything with this molded Gator case. Breeze through airport security thanks to the TSA-approved locking center latch.
V-Class bracing joins the 400 series! The Taylor 414ceV is a Grand Auditorium guitar with V-Class bracing for excellent projection and note sustain.
Conveniently bring powerful Quilter tone with you anywhere with this pedal-sized amp. Keep it in a gig bag and you'll never be without a backup amp again.
A powerful acoustic sound coupled with the thin, lightweight body shape of an electric guitar makes this ESP thinline guitar great for performance.
With two different wah types and a built-in fuzz, the Electro-Harmonix Cock Fight Plus is basically 3 pedals in 1, and includes an adjustable bias control.
Fender takes ukuleles to the mainstream with this Grace VanderWaal signature model. The Moonlight features a mahogany body that produces a mellow sound.
Get your hands on a high-quality axe with a fantastic sound at an affordable price. The MH203QM's HSS pickup configuration offers a variety of sweet tones.
The tuxedo of Epiphone Les Pauls, this black beauty is loaded with coil-splittable ProBucker pickups, a slim taper D-shaped neck, and a LockTone bridge.
Change the key without changing the sound of your guitar with this capo, which is designed specifically for acoustic guitars with a curved fretboard.
Solid red cedar and mahogany pair together to give this Breedlove Pursuit Concert CE a rich, warm tone that's projected by LR Baggs EAS VC electronics.
This Taylor 326ce Grand Symphony's pairing of blackwood and mahogany makes for a robust strumming tone with plenty of dynamic range and smooth balance.
Cut through the mix with the clear, punchy midrange provided by the Grand Auditorium body shape and Tasmanian blackwood construction of this Taylor 324ce.
With adjustable tension per finger, and simulated strings to build your calluses, your fingers are going to get in top shape fast.
Don't let its size fool you, this uke is packed with huge tone! An all-mahogany body yields a warm sound, while a UK-T2 preamp sounds great in any venue.
Combine the familiar feel of a Tele with the bolder tones of dual Shawbuckers on this American Pro model. The six-saddle hardtail bridge enhances sustain.
This set comes with 2 SH-6 Duncan Distortion humbuckers for the neck and bridge positions, along with the mounting hardware and wiring instructions.
Don't just replace your tubes. Add a little extra tone and character to your amp with these Mullard Tubes.
Morph your guitar's tone with nine organ presets. Pair the C9 with your EHX B9 for 18 total presets, all with fully controllable attack and modulation speed.
Take it back to the basics of playability and tone with the Charvel Pro Mod So Cal Style 1 HH FR -- a lightning-fast electric with high-output humbuckers.
Thanks to its Sitka spruce top and one-of-a-kind three-pickup configuration, the T5 Standard has both acoustic guitar richness and electric guitar clarity.
Quality craftsmanship and affordability combine with the Mark Tremonti SE Standard! A pair of PRS Tremonti "S" pickups deliver fat tone with tons of clarity.
Boasting a solid Sitka spruce top and East Indian rosewood back and sides, the DC-35E is a powerful guitar, supplemented by the Aura VT Enhance electronics.
Look great on stage without spending a fortune on your guitar. This Luna Grand Auditorium model has a spalted maple top for a distinct look and crispy tone.
Based on the modded Dallas Arbiter Rangemaster that pushed the top end of Tony Iommi's LA100BL, the Laney TI Boost is the secret key to perfect Sabbath tone.
Crank this amp to unleash the thick and heavy tones associated with 6L6 power tubes. Use the included footswitch to select a channel and turn on the reverb.
Carry both an acoustic and an electric guitar to your next gig in this Mono M80 Dual case! The interior Headlocks cradle your guitars' necks.
A new take on a classic effect, the Digitech Whammy Ricochet lets you bounce around across a +/-2 octave range, and customize your transitions between them.
Don't let the 8-inch speaker fool you. This sucker can pump searing high gain tone and thick cleans at volumes that would put some 2x12" cabs to shame.
Enhance your performance with a little hemp. This speaker has a durable hemp cone that provides a wide frequency range that's perfect for jazz guitarists.
Playing acoustic in a band? Taylor's 324e Grand Auditorium stands out in any mix with a natural midrange bump courtesy of its blackwood back and sides.
A great first acoustic-electric axe for electric guitarists, the PF28ECE delivers rich sound (and stunning looks) with its sapele body and flame maple top.
This pickup offers a warmer, more natural acoustic guitar tone. It features a built-in mic and balance control.
The Behringer DR600 is a great way to add reverb to your rig. With 24-bit processing and several different sounds, the Behringer DR600 is a great choice.
Pedal steel guitarists: the Peavey Nashville 112 combo amp was made for you, with its mid-shift control and specially voiced Blue Marvel speaker.
Get deep hollowbody tone with this elegantly crafted Artcore. A mini-humbucker channels this guitar's resonance for the perfect balance of tone and power.
Power up your pedal rig! The RockBoard Power LT XL is a rechargeable power station for effects pedals that operates independent from the wall outlet tether!
Access 29 instrument sounds on the fly, including 18 vintage electric sounds and five acoustic tones, with the Line 6 James Tyler-designed Variax guitar.
With a flashy quilted maple top, scorching Jackson high-output humbuckers, and a licensed Floyd Rose trem, this arch-top Jackson Dinky is equipped to shred.
Unleash some heavy riffs with this brutal 8-string guitar. Its EMG active humbuckers and legendary Schecter style make it the perfect axe for raising hell.
Become a master of high-gain tone: plug in to the Randall Thrasher head and fine-tune your sound with unique low-frequency and high-frequency gain controls.
Nearly as cool as a double-neck guitar, the On-Stage GS7221BD stand lets you display two guitars on one sturdy, non-slip stand.
Get jazz tones, plus a whole lot more, from this hollowbody guitar. The mahogany body and neck produce rich, warm tones with lasting sustain.
Crank out impressively accurate vocoder tones with the VO-1. Choose from classic or advanced vocoder modes, or use the talk box mode for instant Frampton.
Decked out with coil-tapping Pasadena and Pasadena Plus pickups, the high-flying Schecter V-1 Custom has the tone to match its hard-rocking looks.
Steal the stage with this sparkle-finished Gretsch. Its High-Sensitive Filter'Tron and Bigsby trem give you a ton of tonal profiles from clean to mean.
Crank out sparkling overdrive thanks to the 12AX7 and EL84 tube complement of the 007. Use the on-board treble booster to take your tone to another level.
For players in need of a bold sound, look no further than the Redondo Classic. The guitar's solid Sitka spruce top and mahogany body make this beauty sing.
Conjure up dastardly demons, and incredibly sick tone, with this Kirk Hammett signature. The Demonology model has EMG KH Bone Breaker pickups for a sizzling sound.
Meticulously constructed of authentic nickel and steel, Darco electric strings deliver superb tone, strength, clarity and reliability at an affordable price.
Hot-rodded with Seymour Duncan SH-6 pickups for teeth-rattling punch and individual string clarity, the Jackson Pro SL7 HT is aggressive and sustain-happy.
Pull off dive bombs with ease! The ESP LTD MH-401FRQM features a Floyd Rose special bridge, carved-top body and active EMG 85 (neck) and 81 (bridge) pickups.
Combining classic looks with a smooth feel, the Steinberger Spirit is an iconic design. The HSH pickup configuration makes it easy to find the perfect tone.
An excellent introduction to super-heavy metal, the Schecter C-8 boasts fat-sounding Diamond Plus pickups, plus extra-jumbo frets great for bending.
Get the easy-to-use security of Lock-It Straps with the unique design of straps from yesteryear. The Lock-It Retro Vintage strap comes in an array of styles.
With on-board Spin Semiconductor 16-bit digital reverb, the ODS Classic Dual Boost head delivers killer clean and overdriven tone, bathed in lush reverb.
The Laney Ironheart IRT Studio head offers 1 watt or 15 watts of all-tube power, USB audio I/O, a re-amping send, and even a 1/8" jack for your MP3 player.
The ultra-sleek M Black Metal model hides a raw sound under its restrained appearance. A single "Blackened" Black Winter humbucker cranks out searing tone.
Use depth, rate and level knobs to control everything from Valco-esque classic tremolo to synthy, chopped delay that hovers around ring modulation-like tone.
Keep your music room organized with the elegant On-Stage GS7565 rack. It holds up to five electric or acoustic guitar cases, or any combination of the two.
Boss's much-missed analogue delay pedal returns in the DM-2W. This time, it's got a custom mode for over twice the original delay time.
Discover uncolored compression in your guitar's sound with the CP-1X. The pedal automatically analyzes multiple frequencies to deliver rich, dynamic control.
The legendary sounds of Edward Van Halen are just the beginning! It's easy to dial in the best modern and vintage tones with the 5150 III amplifier head.
This extra-large Gator pedalboard runs on a slight incline for easy access to your top-row pedals, and neatly fits into its included gig bag in between gigs.
A true hollow-body electric guitar with warm and organic resonance, the D'Angelico Premier EXL-1 has a floating mini humbucker for pure tone reproduction.
Broaden the sonic palette of your music! The Washburn MS3W Florentine mandolin features a solid maple body, carved spruce top, and a Florentine-style shape.
The Artcore Expressionist AS93FM provides the semi-hollow tone you know and love via flamed maple construction and a pair of Super 58 Custom humbuckers.
Built with okoume and maple for quick attack and responsive playing, the Charvel Pro Mod San Dimas Style 2 HH HT can keep up with even the fastest riffing.
Ideal for cramped pedalboards, the EV-30 can control two different pedals thanks to dual expression outputs with independent range adjustments.
If you're looking for a classic Schecter design, look no further than the C-1 Platinum. A mahogany body loaded with EMG pickups rips darkly through the mix.
Push up to 200 watts through a pair of 8-inch speakers in the portable Frontliner. This cabinet perfectly complements any Quilter "block" style amp head.
Jackson's 7-string X Telly sports a T-style body with modern features like a contoured neck heel and Jackson High Output pickups with active EQ.
Make quick, subtle volume changes with this high impedance volume pedal. It features a tuning output and a virtually indestructible design.
Utilizing Virtual Element Technology, the VT20X produces extremely accurate amplifier modeling and features 33 unique preset programs of famous guitar rigs.
Experience the sound of 16 amp models and cabs with the Hotone Binary Amp Simulator. An on-board effects loop makes it easy to integrate into your rig. (Note: Amp modeling pedal requires a power amplifier.)
A perfect starter's mandolin, the M1K comes with a gig bag, strap, picks, a pitch pipe and a mandolin lesson book all for one outstanding price.
From its Headlock system to keep the neck in place, to an insole that guards your strap button, the sleek Mono Guitar Sleeve gig bag keeps your guitar safe.
Whether you crave a clean jazz, soulful blues, or a dirty rock sound, this guitar's Super 58 custom pickups will amaze you with their tonal versatility.
Great as a companion to the 5150III 50W EL34 Head, this guitar speaker cabinet from EVH has 30-watt speakers and tilt-back legs.
Take the sound of the Big Muff up a notch with the Metal Muff distortion pedal. With 3-band EQ and footswitchable Top Boost, it's a headbanger's best friend.
Keep your cherished tone while eliminating all that unwanted noise. This pedal makes feedback and other noise a thing of the past.
Because of its internal padding, this 3-inch wide guitar strap allows you to comfortably play your heavy bass or guitar on stage.
This Ibanez PF15's dreadnought body shape is made up of a spruce top and sapele back and sides for a robust sound that's perfect for players of all levels.
The T5 Classic's mahogany top and ingenious three-pickup setup let you achieve an array of tones, from deep, rich acoustic to screaming lead electric.
The EXL-1's laminated flame maple back and sides create a rich, resonant tone that sounds incredible through the single Kent Armstrong mini-humbucker pickup.
Sling this elegant guitar over your shoulder and get ready to command the stage. The High Sensitive Filter'Tron pickups produce an organic, full-bodied tone.
Wrapped in nickel for a smooth feel and rich tone, Fender's Super 7250s electric bass strings are bright and punchy with great sustain.
Clear, articulate and visually striking, this Fender Player Series Strat features a flamed top and a versatile HSS Player Series Alnico 5 pickup combination.
With this Gator wall-mount guitar hanger, you can be sure your guitar will safely hang on the wall. Its rubber swivel yoke keeps your instrument in place!
With a solid AA Sitka spruce top and cypress back and sides, this Alvarez Cadiz Flamenco acoustic is a unique take on the 12-fret classical guitar.
Make sure your combo amp avoids the usual bumps and bruises on the road with this durable case. Customize your amp's fit with the interlocking foam inserts.
The Ibanez RGA470AHM's double-locking tremolo, super-slick Wizard III neck and versatile HSH pickup combination will awaken your inner shredder.
This Steve Vai-approved acoustic-electric boasts a solid Engelmann spruce top, Fishman Sonicore pickup and Ibanez AEQ210TF preamp, and a Vai 12th fret inlay.
Sometimes one guitar just isn't enough. Carry two at a time in this 20mm high-density padded double gig bag, covered with water-resistant PVC-backed Cordura.
Designed to satisfy Satch's high standards, this guitar combines a flashy style with impeccable craftsmanship. Includes coil tap for various tonal options.
Perfect for any aspiring shredder, this Player Series Strat features a versatile HSS pickup combination and a Floyd Rose tremolo to deliver high performance.
Add some body to your acoustic performances with the baritone AE255BT. A solid Sitka spruce top adds sparkling clarity to balance out your overall sound.
Create a loop. Then another loop. Then another loop. The simple-to-use Nano Looper 360 features 11 memory banks that can store up to 360 seconds of loops!
For those who crave a little more with their muff, the Deluxe Big Muff Pi adds a footswitchable MIDS section, switchable bass boost and adjustable attack.
Effortlessly swap guitars between songs with this foldable rack stand. Adjustable dividers allow it to hold up to three guitars in various configurations.
Looking for Telecaster tone and playing feel with a Strat-shaped body? The Fender Parallel Universe Stratocaster delivers biting tone and contoured comfort.
Don't leave home without a tuner! This affordable On-Stage mini pedal tuner fits on any board, and provides a highly visible LCD screen to check your pitch.
The Ibanez RGAIX6MQM pleases the metal gods with its ornate quilted top and its DiMarzio pickups roar with aggressive tone to their delight.
Get rich, overtone-laden overdrive that doesn't get muddy with the OD Glove, capable of everything from sparkling clean boost to high-gain saturation.
Dial in an aggressive tone thanks to the 6L6 power tubes. The Artist 15 includes two footswitchable channels complete with on-board reverb and effects loop.
The Xvive Golden Brownie crams larger-than-life, high-gain '80s hard rock tone into a tiny stompbox with controls for drive, volume, tone and presence.
It's called "The Workhorse" for a reason. This left-handed version is no exception with its full, balanced tone, excellent projection and warm low end.
Crafted for the player who values precision, speed and note articulation, Ernie Ball Prodigy picks are made from Delrin with a beveled edge and pointed end.
Dressed in a bold "Vic Rattlehead" graphic and loaded with Seymour Duncan Passive Aggressor pickups, this Mustaine Zero is an ideal axe for Megadeth fans.
Keep your acoustic guitar sounding as pristine as possible. Martin's Lifespan 2.0 strings feature a special coating keeping them resistant to dirt and oil.
A shredder's delight, the Jackson JS32 Rhoads boasts a fast maple neck topped with a bound rosewood compound-radius fretboard, and a Floyd Rose tremolo.
Get the true rock 'n' roll sound with this VS62 Country Gentleman. A pair of TV Jones Classic Filter'Tron pickups articulately project every stroke and strum.
Give your guitar a vintage flare with this set of vintage-style Gibson tuners. Each set comes with 6 nickel tuners with pearloid buttons.
This devilish amp offers three channels, a switchable gain boost, and speaker-emulated XLR output so you can deliver your most demonic riffs without a cab.
With built-in reverb and chorus at your fingertips, the Yamaha FS-TA Concert TransAcoustic provides a playing experience unmatched by ordinary acoustics.
Made from a multi-ply wooden shell with plush cushioning inside, the TKL LTD Dreadnought Archtop guitar case keeps your acoustic protected from the elements.
Hang up your prized instrument on this String Swing Guitar Keeper. Its yoke can pivot to cradle your guitar's headstock no matter how it's shaped.
Designed for amp modelers like the Kemper Profiler, the Friedman ASC10 powered extension cabinet pushes 500 watts through a custom 10-inch Celestion speaker.
Steve Lukather knows guitars, and his Luke 3 HSS proves it. Custom-wound DiMarzio pickups and an active preamp create a killer tone perfect for leads.
No, it's not vintage -- the A.R.E. torrefaction process on the AC5R's Sitka spruce top makes it sound like a prized acoustic that's been played for years.
Lock your capo firmly into place with this nickel capo from Shubb. The rubber coating acts as a fingertip, which makes string bending and detuning foreign ideas.
Perfect for bedroom jamming, the Roland CUBE 10GX guitar amp connects to your mobile device to let you upload new amp models and access all sorts of tones!
Need a pedalboard that will survive a tour? This Pedaltrain Classic PRO board includes a rugged case with wheels that stands up to the most grueling travel.
The mellow tones and comfortable price-tag of the Kala makala concert ukulele makes this a great choice for beginners.
Get the legendary wah effect created by Vox in the 60s with this pedal, designed to the same specifications.
A soloist's dream, the On-Stage DT7500 Guitarist Stool has a padded seat, comfy footrest, and a built-in guitar stand.
Eight reverb styles, ranging from cavernous to subtle, and a tap tempo function let you craft reverb as majestic-sounding as the grandest cathedral.
Equip your axe with NYXL strings for unmatched durability and tuning stability. The high carbon steel alloy allows for harder playing with less breakage.
The sound of 11 unique amp models plus 99 rhythm patterns make this super-compact, battery-powered Vox amp an invaluable portable practice tool.
This 7-string Ibanez is packed with distinctive woods -- shred on its its panga panga fretboard and stand out on stage with its stunning poplar burl top.
With a rosewood back and sides and Sitka spruce top, this Gibson 2019 Parlor acoustic produces a sound that you won't believe comes from its compact design.
Get the feel of a steel-string with this nylon-string acoustic-electric. With Fishman electronics on board, the Cordoba Fusion 12 offers superb playability.
Each Fishman Fluence pickup has two distinct tonal flavors, making this ceramic/alnico set a great choice for versatility, or for dialing in a precise sound.
Get a little extra oomph from your Fender Hot Rod amp by connecting it to this 1x12 cabinet. Its 12" Celestion G12P-80 speaker will make sure you're heard.
Rich 12-string tone available right at your feet! This compact stompbox precisely recreates the sound of octave low strings along with doubled high strings.
With its all-mahogany build, the DC-15ME is filled with organic goodness and sweet midrange. Sound great in any venue thanks to Matrix VT Enhance electronics.
Have you done anything for your guitar lately? Get it something nice -- Levy's LM18 premium electric guitar bag is real leather and built to last a lifetime.
Give your guitar the timeless tone of a PAF humbucker. Seymour Duncan Antiquity pickups even nail the look of a vintage pickup with aged nickel covers!
Get two distinct swell rates with this volume pedal. It offers 250 kOhm resistance suitable for passive instruments, and a dedicated tuner out jack.
This 12-pack of standard nylon picks comes in a variety of sizes to fit the needs of all guitarists.
The perfect tool for jazz and blues, the Artcore Vintage AKJV95 provides hollowbody tone with a spruce top, flamed maple back and sides and Super 58 pickups.
Tap into the classic vibe of a true original. This Squier channels the tone, style, and feel of the original Telecaster.
The Ibanez AFC95 Artcore Expressionist takes the traditional sound of an archtop and re-energizes it with sleek, modern looks and custom humbucker pickups.
If you're in need of a guitar that can keep up with your playing, the JP160 is for you. A double-locking tremolo keeps you in tune no matter what you play.
Use this AC Adapter with nearly any smaller household electronic device. It includes multiple adapter tips for different sized inputs.
Step into 1957 with the Gretsch Vintage 57 Duo Jet, complete with period-correct specs and appointments, "Squeezebox" capacitors, and a treble bleed circuit.
Channel the tone and attitude of the Metallica frontman with this EMG Het Set-loaded Vulture, featuring a unique V shape, finished in stealthy satin black.
Designed for acoustic instruments, this intelligent desktop combo amp offers four VCM amp models based on the tones of high-quality studio microphones.
This case not only keeps your guitar in great shape -- it saves your back. Set the Mono Vertigo case upright, unzip it, and grab your guitar from the top.
This Songwriter marries Gibson's time-honored hand-scalloped X-bracing with a dreadnought body featuring a swooped cutaway for great upper-fret access.
Fatten your sound with rich stereo chorus. This chorus pedal offers level, tone, rate and depth controls for sound shaping.
Stop wasting precious space on your pedalboard with an oversized tuner! The Pitchblack Mini has a tiny footprint yet retains a large, easy-to-read display.
With strategically placed holes, included gig bag and an optional Pedal Power add-on, the Voodoo Lab Dingbat pedalboard is a versatile, gig-ready board.
Bursting with all the lush, washy pulsations that defined electric guitar playing in the '1960s, the JHS Unicorn delivers real-deal analog photocell vibrato.
With an EPS foam interior and indestructible latches, this guitar case is designed to safeguard your semi-hollow body guitar from loading accidents.
Finished with a gorgeous ambertone shaded top, this Martin DE Black Walnut comes loaded with Fishman Matrix VT Enhance electronics for impeccable live tone.
Pick up this guitar and let the spirit of rock and roll take over! This semi-hollowbody axe features a pair of ACH humbuckers to deliver fierce vintage tone.
Redesigned with versatile, independent dual-concentric controls allowing for gain and volume matching, this 3-channel, 50-watt combo screams "brown sound."
Just plug your guitar into the Vox amPlug Classic Rock G2 headphone amp, add some headphones, and get epic classic rock tones with a powerful mid-boost.
Rock out without rumbling the entire house. This all-analog headphone amp gives you booming bass and the Vox Bassilator circuit adds extra sonic girth.
Plug your guitar into the the battery-powered Vox amPlug AC30 G2, connect a pair of headphones, then rock out anywhere with the iconic AC30 top-boost sound.
Hear why Vox is calling their Hand-Wired Series "the ultimate amp." An all-tube, 2-channel design, the Vox AC30HW2 combo shines with any style of playing.
GHS's most popular bass strings, nickel-plated roundwound Boomers are built with extra-strong cores, so you won't pop a string in the middle of your solo.
Replace your preamp tubes with this popular, Russian-made model. It's for amps requiring 12AX7 preamp tubes.
Ideal for first-time pickers or old pros looking for a back-up, the Washburn B9 is an outstanding value in a classic banjo.
This Schecter axe is made for metal. Its ultra-thin C-shaped neck profile, compound-radius fretboard, and active EMG pickups make for effortless shredding.
Crank out the sizzling tones of a full-sized Jubilee in a mini package. Use the 3-way standby switch to select between 20 and 5 watts to suit any situation.
Protect your Ibanez Iceman guitar with this hardshell case. An internal compartment stores your accessories while heavy-duty latches keep things tight.
With the same gain structure and EQ as it's big brother, the Ecstasy Blue Mini is able to effortlessly swing from pristine clean boost to raging Plexi dirt.
Try a unique take on the uke. The Epiphone Les Paul tenor acoustic-electric ukulele sounds great by itself, and even better plugged into an amp or PA.
With neck support and plush protection in the interior, this lightweight case offers you the ultimate protection for your Strat or Tele-style guitar.
Inject late-'50s Filter'Tron twang into your electric with a set of TV Jones Classic pickups, which combine the clarity of single-coils with humbucker growl.
Based on the iconic class A/B power amplifier design, this amp provides excellent tone and saturated clipping. Feed 2 speaker cabs via the stereo outputs.
Get maximum control over your Blackstar ID series amps -- plug in this flexible foot controller pedal to route and patch MIDI and effects with ease.
Give your Dunlop pedal the power it needs to enhance your performance. This power supply is designed to power post 1992 Dunlop pedals.
Perfect as a companion for AC15CH and AC30CH heads, or any other Vox amplifier, the V212C delivers timeless tone via two Celestion G12M Greenback speakers.
For pedal switching with pro audio quality, try the One Control Crocodile Tail Loop. Its flexible routing and MIDI options let you control your signal path.
Built entirely from FSC-certified woods, including a Sitka spruce top and cherry back and sides, the OME Cherry is among Martin's most sustainable guitars.
An acoustic wind instrument that's played like a miniature piano, the Hohner Performer 37 melodica is a keyboard that you can take just about anywhere.
Load your 7-string with the go-to pickups of Mark Holcomb. The Alpha and Omega were designed to deliver the aggression and clarity Periphery's sound demands.
A graphite-reinforced neck with a compound radius fretboard and jumbo frets makes the Charvel Pro-Mod DK24 HH FR E Okoume electric a precision riff machine.
When you need to add weight and dirt to your tone, reach for a JHS Moonshine -- the overdrive that goes down smoother than homemade hooch. Great for bass!
String-up your favorite acoustic with a set of Earthwood strings, featuring an exclusive phosphor bronze wrap wire and hermetically sealed packaging.
Affordably priced and sized for smaller players, students and travelers, this Martin DJRA puts iconic dreadnought tone into a compact, comfortable package.
The AM200 Artstar's narrowed, all-mahogany body and Super 58 pickups make it a sleek axe ready to handle gritty blues or full-on rock.
Stick this featherweight microphone-style acoustic pickup to the underside of the bridge plate for a crystal-clear sound that is all about your guitar.
Topped with beautifully grained Australian blackwood, this Fat Lady 2EC sports a unique look matched by the crisp, clear tone of a six-piezo pickup system.
A mahogany top dressed in a Shaded Edgeburst finish gives the 324ce an eloquent look that's complemented by the versatile tone of its Grand Auditorium body.
If you're a southpaw looking for sweet Fender tone, this Player Series Tele is for you. A set of alnico 5 single-coil pickups work with any style of music.
Celebrating 20 years of Stephen Carpenter guitars, the ESP LTD SC-20 combines solid hardware with versatile pickup options to create the ultimate metal axe.
Loaded with a trio of Alnico 5 pickups and a pau ferro fretboard, this Fender Player Series model is a dream-come-true for lefties seeking a rock-solid Strat.
Get yourself a loud, raunchy British Tone with this Red Coat Guitar Speaker. You get a British voice with a product made in the USA.
This easy-to-use strap lock slips over your existing strap pin, making it just as simple as it is effective.
This traditional-style dreadnought is filled with detailed features like its direct-coupled bridge that gives it a well-balanced tone.
Crafted from all solid wood for robust sound, this reliable workhorse features a cutting-edge SRT modeling preamp and piezo pickup for crisp amplified tones.
Play this lap steel standing up! Designed to be held horizontally or vertically, the Powerslide offers single-coil or dual-coil modes for a wide tonal range.
Rock the house down with this ultra-cool guitar. Featuring a HSS pickup configuration, this Contemporary Strat also comes with a fancy matching headstock.
If cleanliness is next to guitar godliness, the Nomad Tool and Nomad Slim will get you there, by dusting under strings and other-hard-to-clean spots.
A quilted ash body, three-piece maple and mahogany neck and a pair of Super 58 Custom humbuckers combine to give this Artcore AG95QA smooth, articulate tone.
The fully-hollow Ibanez Artcore Expressionist AF95FM features a flamed maple top, back and sides as well as a three-piece maple and mahogany set neck.
Change the settings on your Marshall with the click of a footswitch. This footswitch is built specifically for MGFX Series Marshals with built-in effects.
The easy-playing, comfortably priced Kala KA15S soprano ukelele resonates with a distinctly mellowed tone from its mahogany body.
Built for blazing riffage, the birdseye maple fretboard on the Ibanez RDDIX6 provides a playing field upon which to stage your Malmsteenian pyrotechnics.
Stay in tune under the harshest stage conditions with this guitar, which has an extended 26.5-inch scale and 7 strings.
The JamMan Express Looper XT pedal lets you play, record and dub up to ten minutes of stereo looping -- without taking up valuable space on your pedalboard.
This highly sensitive Lionheart combo pushes 20 watts of Class A tube tone through a combination of Celestion G12H 70th Anniversary and Vintage 30 speakers.
Designed by Fall Out Boy frontman Patrick Stump, this versatile beauty delivers classic Gretsch sound with tons of tone-coloring possibilities.
With all the looks of the legendary guitar, the Les Paul Ukulele sounds just as good as its 6-stringed cousin with or without an amp.
Epiphone presents Brendon Small's limited-edition Snow Falcon. With Burstbuckers and a KillPot switch, the Snow Falcon is undeniably metal -- times infinity.
Plug in and prepare for rich and watery sounds to drip out of your amp. Set up the pedal to produce anything from slow warbles to faster, percussive pulses.
Supercharged features take the classic green screamer to a higher plane in this KHDK pedal. Five switches let you sculpt your tone with surgical precision.
Appropriately named for its shark-like looks, this Dean Mako is the acoustic guitar of choice for Dave Mustaine when layering and texturing in the studio.
The Ibanez AVD10 sports a vintage, broken-in look thanks to its thermo-aged Sitka spruce top, cultured maple bridge and open-gear tuners.
Full of charm and plenty of sparkly chime, this 12-string is a heck of a deal. A Sitka spruce top and sapele back and sides ensure an organic, balanced tone.
Cranking your amp is cool, but the associated hum and hiss isn't. Kill those noise problems at the source with the Sentry, a powerful multi-band noise gate.
The Martin 00-17S acoustic is small in size, but big in tone thanks to its Sitka spruce top, mahogany back and sides, and Guatemalan rosewood fretboard.
Get the sound of a cranked tube amp with the Dual Fusion -- a versatile overdrive pedal made to keep up with Tom Quayle's unique style and demanding playing.
Feel the super-fast action of the Jackson SLX Soloist. This riff machine comes loaded with two Duncan Designed humbuckers and a genuine Floyd Rose tremolo.
Get the rich clarity of a mahogany-bodied dreadnought. The AD60 features elegant binding and premium tuners.
Look and sound great on stage thanks to a sultry quilted maple top, a set of JB/Jazz Seymour Duncan humbuckers, and an Evertune bridge on this gorgeous axe.
Inject some meaty distortion into any rig with the VH4 pedal. This pedal is built in the USA and mimics the popular 3rd channel of the iconic Diezel VH4 amp.
Your guitar is a piece of art, so treat it like one. This Gator wall-mount guitar hanger has a mahogany base that complements the beauty of your instrument.
Tote your Taylor GS Mini acoustic guitar in this sturdy hard case. It features full-length neck support and molded bumpers that offer maximum protection.
Featuring a stylish roasted figured maple neck, this Cutlass RS will turn some heads. Dive into a variety of killer tones with Music Man custom HSS pickups.
Treat your effects to the luxury of a Friedman pedalboard. Complete your setup with the Gold or Platinum packs, featuring the Buffer Bay 6 and Power Grid 10.
Mounting power supplies to your board is easier than ever thanks to the Pedaltrain Classic JR's open front design and widened 18" stance.
Now you'll look like a rock star while playing the ukulele. Get ready to shred on this electric uke, which looks and plays just like a mini electric guitar.
This Little Martin acoustic guitar is perfect for a wide variety of players, not just beginners. It's durable, easy to play, and comes with a gig bag.
The Ditto Jam X2 allows you to get straight to looping without any unneeded extras. On-board BeatSense technology makes sure you're always in the pocket.
The Ibanez AS73 Artcore makes rich semi-hollowbody tone affordable. With a double cutaway and a pair of humbuckers, this tone machine looks and sounds great.
All the magic voodoo goodness of Dunlop's original JHF1 Fuzz Face is alive in the FFM3 Fuzz Face Mini -- now housed in a much more pedalboard-friendly size.
From fabulous good looks to incredible tone and playability, the McCarty 594 has it all. The dual 58/15 LT pickups deliver smooth tone with tons of clarity.
Add a dash of elegance to your usual routine with this maple capo. This classy capo features the same high-performance you've come to expect from Kyser.
Get that full-bodied, "broken-in" sound right away with these Elixir Polyweb acoustic strings. Their coating ensures lasting tone and feel.
For lush, organ-like effects, hold down the Freeze's pedal switch -- or use the "Latch" setting for endless sustain that lasts until you click the switch.
This Alvarez MD60EBG's booming dreadnought tone is articulated by its LR Baggs Element VTC pickup for clear, articulate tone on any stage.
A spalted maple top, Ovation's signature Lyrachord back, and strategically-placed soundholes give the CE44P-SM a clear, balanced sound.
Ideal for the studio, this guitar amplifier from Blackstar brings the noise while offering incredible tone control.
Ideal for use with modeling rigs, this Laney LFR powered cab puts out a full frequency range, designed to embrace the nuances of a digital guitar setup.
Produced in Japan, this Prestige model is sure to deliver exceptional playing quality. A hardtail Gibraltar bridge increases sustain and tuning stability.
Just because the batteries run out doesn't mean the fun has to. Charge up your portable Laney Mini amp with this power supply and included polarity adapter.
The Ghost Echo takes a cue from vintage spring reverb units to produce some splashy goodness. Create atmosphere so ghastly you just might scare yourself.
Electro-Harmonix gives distortion junkies all the gain they can handle without unwanted noise, thanks to a unique spiral filament in the 12AX7ED preamp tube.
With 30 all-tube watts, this Orange combo amp is small enough to carry from gig to gig, and powerful enough to make you the center of attention on stage.
Drop these pickups into your guitar for two voices of heavy tones. Created with the Deftones' Stephen Carpenter, these active humbuckers offer a full sound.
Access an array of distorted tones that will make even the cheapest amp sound like a high-end full stack with the Boss MT-2 Metal Zone.
The H is for herringbone. With its Sitka spruce top and Indian rosewood back/sides, the HD-28 sounds very similar to the D-28, but adds elegant wood trim.
Don't go into battle unprepared -- the Jackson X Series Warrior WRX24 electric ensures victory with low-action playability and lively, aggressive tone.
Combining a Flip-It upper yoke and A-frame base, this On-Stage guitar stand holds acoustic and electric guitars in all the critical spots.
Made from non-vinyl resin, this Martin humidifier fits comfortably in your guitar and absorbs 10 times its weight in water before slowly emitting moisture.
Get your funk on with the Snow White auto wah. Dial in the perfect settings to make your guitar parts squawk and talk, bringing the party to any stage.
Beef up the tone of your acoustic guitar or bass with this versatile preamp. Includes a multiband EQ with sweepable mids and a convenient built-in tuner.
The low-output pickups and chambered mahogany body of the PRS S2 Mira semi-hollowbody create a warm, woody tone that overdrives with punch and clarity.
Bring a professional sound to your coffee shop gigs with the T80II. Dial in your tone with 4-band EQs and effects loops on each of the amp's two channels.
With top and body covered in flame maple, the Ibanez Artcore AS83 is a semi-hollowbody that can't help but stand out. Ibanez ACH pickups bring classic tones.
Transport your classical guitar in this bag made of water-resistant PVC-backed Cordura. You can carry it using its durable handle, or wear it backpack-style.
Light up the stage in a stylish way with the eye-catching, abalone-bound Tonare T50E. Curly maple back and sides offer elegance, as well a bright sound.
This wah pedal gives you more control than any other wah on the market. It feature effect shaping controls, spring and normal footboard action, and selectable wah range.
Built to protect most electric guitars in a military-grade polyethylene shell, this Gator case is flight-ready with a locking latch to ensure peace of mind.
Melt the faces of the front row with the sizzling Wampler Dracarys. This distortion spits out high-gain tones that easily keep up with the heaviest playing.
Add character to your amp's sound with this Svetlana amp tube. It's perfect for larger Fender tube amps, such as the Twin Reverb.
Make tuning easy and convenient with this super-accurate Korg clip-on tuner. Its bright display automatically shuts down after a period of inactivity.
This lefty Les Paul comes loaded with Epiphone's finest features: a flame maple top, classic PRO humbuckers, Tune-o-matic bridge and Locktone tailpiece.
Grab your Martin dreadnought acoustic with professionally installed Fishman electronics at a price that doesn't break your piggy bank.
With its balanced tone, excellent sustain, and high-level craftsmanship, the Ibanez M510 mandolin offers professional quality to the mandolinist on a budget.
This no-nonsense Gretsch Players Edition Jet is an all-out rocker with a pair of Broad'Tron humbuckers and a chambered mahogany body for solid tone.
This guitar's sleek, stylish alder body is lightweight and comes loaded with Seymour Duncan SH-2/SH-14 humbuckers to give you killer tone for heavy riffs.
Stock up on these time-tested strings. Ideal for blues, jazz, and classic rock, Fender Original 150s help you achieve a vintage tone on a budget.
Featuring a multitude of effects organized by musical genre, the StompLab 1G is a feature-packed tone powerhouse that expands your sonic possibilities.
It turns out that 4 watts and a 12" speaker are all you need to rock. This Vox AC4 has both, plus EQ controls to help fine-tune your tone!
Step out from the haze and kiss the sky with this fuzzed-out, octave up pedal! Control the volumes of the fuzz and octave signals with individual controls.
Make sure your guitar stays where you need it: on your shoulder, not on the stage. Play as hard you want -- these strap locks will keep your guitar in place!
This guitar strap gives you the rustic look without sacrificing comfort. Its memory foam padding is a half-inch thick and embossed with Gibson ornaments.
Put an end to power strips once and for all. This single-outlet power supply powers up to 5 pedals and features matching tips for several pedal types.
With power reduction from 50W down to 5W and an on-board professional USB recording output, the CLUB50H Mark II is a useful tool for the studio and stage.
Get the longest string life possible while sacrificing nothing in the process. These are made from phosphor bronze alloy and come in a variety of gauges.
Go heavy with this 7-string metal machine! The RRX7 features a maple neck-through-body design for increased sustain and a pair of Duncan Designed humbuckers.
Create thick flanger sounds with this modern take on a classic effect. Dial in tones ranging from slow jet plane swirls to faster, rotating speaker pulses.
Say goodbye to belt clips! This On-Stage guitar strap features an attached neoprene pouch to hold your wireless bodypack transmitter.
This vintage phase shifter can give you the whoosh of a jet airplane. It features a rate and color control for fine tuning the effect.
No need to rub your eyes in disbelief: the JS32T Kelly is a truly affordable Jackson with a bound fingerboard, ceramic pickups, and a graphite-enforced neck.
A select-grade maple body, set mahogany neck and ART-1 bridge all contribute to the warm, sustain-laden characteristics of the Ibanez AF75FM Artcore.
The Bit Commander V2 adds a soft-touch switch for easier operation, with the same all-analog, four-octave square wave goodness of EQD's original.
Take your practice amp game to the next level with a Marshall. This 10-watt amp offers two-channels, a headphone output, and a line input to jam with music.
This version of the 2018 Hummingbird doubles the fun of playing a traditional model, combining the original classic look with the rich chime of a 12-string.
With a bunya top and Australian blackwood back and sides, this Cole Clark Fat Lady 2 acoustic is ideal for amplification and medium-to-hard playing styles.
With this isolation cab, it's easy to capture the sound of your cranked-up guitar amp without waking the neighbors. Just add your own mic to the 12" speaker.
The McCarty 594 hot-rods the traditional 4-control-knob guitar to perfectly suit the modern player. The 58/15 pickups stay warm with zero top-end harshness.
This special edition 10th anniversary version of the MXR Carbon Copy analog delay comes decked out in a beautiful, celebratory metallic silver finish.
This acoustic creates a full, sustaining sound. With the neck shape, it's easier than ever to change chords and move your fingers on the fretboard.
Perfect for beginners, the FA-15N produces a strong tone with an amazing feel. The three-quarter short scale size offers max comfort to players of all sizes.
Get a bold, full-range sound with the Breedlove Crossover FO mandolin. Its Florentine body shape and spruce/maple tonewoods create a warm and focused tone.
Constructed with a titanium core wire for supreme strength, intonation and consistency, these Martin strings are built to last and resist corrosion.
Pair the Red Remote with select JHS pedals to remotely activate their on-board toggle, giving you on-the-fly access to more tonal options in any setting.
Enjoy the familiar feel of a J-45 with the nuanced tone of an all-mahogany body. The rich warmth produced by the tonewood sounds amazing in any situation.
Load your guitar with this set of pickups made with Alnico 5 magnets and featuring a reverse-wound middle pickup for noise cancellation.
Classic Epiphone archtops were the source of inspiration for the Century De Luxe Classic, though it gets a modern update with its eSonic HD preamp system.
An evolution of the same pedal used by Kurt Cobain, this Small Clone chorus features depth and rate controls, which create a rich, dimensional analog sound.
Capture the essence of the original 1961 SG with this Gibson Exclusive SG Standard, loaded with 61R and 61T humbuckers and a '60s-style slim profile neck.
The RS502T's edgy tailpiece is a nod to the RevStar concept -- Yamaha's motorcycle engineers helped develop these guitars, ensuring they were made to rock.
Protect your favorite 14-fret dreadnought with this durable case. Featuring a green plush interior, this case will keep your acoustic snug and scratch-free.
The Grundorf GMT-001 table gives players and techs a dedicated workspace to practice guitar maintenance, with dedicated compartments for tools, strings, etc.
An unholy hybrid of Schecter's SLS and Hellraiser models, this 7-string boasts a maple quilt top, fast compound-radius set neck and PAF-style EMG pickups.
Single-coil fans know the woes of hum better than anyone. The Hum Debugger is here to make that pain go away -- eliminating hum without affecting tone.
Don't leave your Boss GT-1 out in the elements. Protect it with this padded, fleece-lined carry bag, specifically designed to hold the GT-1 and accessories.
This Yamaha A1M guitar features a fresh look, great playability and the cutting edge SRT piezo/pickup system. This guitar is designed for players looking for a reliable guitar with a great sound.
Plug into a legend with the Pignose 7-100. This tiny 5-watt amplifier runs on 6 AA batteries, and delivers great tone that you can take just about anywhere.
The Schecter Omen 6 offers serious attitude and playability. The Schecter Omen 6's 24 frets and Diamond pickups make it a great choice for leads.
Strum or finger-pick this classic 12-string acoustic dreadnought and you'll get a warm, clear, and robust sound -- for a reasonable price.
No matter your reason for needing a new neck, this Fender American Pro replacement will do the trick. The rosewood fingerboard features a comfy 9.5" radius.
Great for controlling keyboard modulation or volume, the Behringer FC600 volume and expression pedal lets you control the sound without tying up your hands.
Featuring a Richlite fretboard for bold, clear sound and a Godin QIT preamp and tuner, this Seagull Maritime SWS Cutaway is ideal for live performances.
Strum out the sweetest banjo tunes on this killer Mayfair model. This 5-stringer features sensational Mayfair inlays on the headstock and mahogany resonator.
Roland Tube Logic technology emulates all the warm responsiveness of tweed-era tube tone in this solid state, 1x12, 30-watt Blues Cube combo amplifier.
Get the most out of all eight strings with the multi-scale design of this Jackson Dinky, allowing for improved playability, string tension and intonation.
Set yourself apart with the striking poplar burl finish on the Ibanez RG652MPB, then melt faces with its DiMarzio Air Norton and ToneZone humbuckers.
No frills, all tone -- the Duo-Sonic's short scale makes it a breeze to play. The dual single-coils deliver bright tones that are perfect for jangly chords.
Don't settle for an amp that changes the sound of your acoustic. This amp features two 8-inch speakers that faithfully reproduce your guitar's natural tones.
With an internal fan and thermometer to keep your power cool, this DC power source has enough juice to power up to four digital effects pedalboards.
With the low tension of nylon strings and a built-in armrest, the Taylor A12N Academy classical is one of the most comfortable guitars in its price range.
You know you can trust these strings that bear the Gibson name. With a hex core and nickel plating, Brite Wires deliver tuning stability and great "bite."
The Behringer Hellbabe HB01 offers lots of features for a great price. With optical control and many functions, the Hellbabe HB01 is a good all-purpose wah.
Fit your AEG snuggly in this Ibanez hard-shell case. It is made to specifically fit the unique design of the popular line of Ibanez acoustics.
Black Top Broad'Trons, a chambered mahogany body and versatile controls come together to make a Gretsch Electro Jet to satisfy any lefty.
Perfect for players with smaller frames, the 24" scale American Pro Jaguar hits with huge tone. The V-Mod pickups deliver plenty of midrange and punch.
Featuring all-mahogany construction and a rosewood fretboard, the PRS SE Standard 24 combines pro-level build quality and tone at a budget-friendly price.
Discover the hallmark Gretsch sound with this left-handed G5230LH Electromatic Jet FT, complete with a rock-solid "V" stoptail and Filter'Tron pickups.
200 watts in an enclosure small enough to fit on your pedalboard? It sounds crazy, but that's what you'll get with the Quilter ProBlock 200 guitar amp head.
This strap gives you innovation, style, and comfort. It features a high-tech nylon buckle for quick release and an elastic design with memory foam padding for added comfort.
Play "La Grange" like the best of them. The Texas Heat Patriot speaker gives you a warm, meaty tone that's perfect for southern rock and blues.
High gain, low wattage, reverb and tremolo makes the Supro 1610 Comet the ideal lightweight, go-anywhere combo amp, capable of 6 or 14 watts of vintage tone.
Check out Orange's first vertical cabinet design -- the PPC212V is light, compact, and comes with Celestion Neo Creamback speakers for thick, juicy tone.
The completely walnut construction of this J-45 offers a beautifully unique look and tone, rounded out by the inclusion of an LR Baggs VTC pickup system.
This throwback Peavey 2x12 cab features a convertible open or closed-back design, stereo and mono capability and Celestion Vintage 30 and GT-75T speakers.
Beautifully adorned with ziricote back and sides and an African ebony fretboard and bridge, this Stage Exotic Concert is sonically and visually striking.
When you absolutely, positively must melt every face in the room with your 7-string skills, accept no substitute -- pick up a Jackson SL7 Pro Series Soloist.
Step up to this double-cutaway D'Angelico Excel. Its Seymour Duncan 59 humbuckers deliver classic tone and a slim C-shape neck makes for comfortable playing.
Switch from and to different amps/guitars with ease. This switch pedal allows you to select any combination of inputs/outputs you desire.
Based on the LX1E Little Martin, this lefty signature model features Ed Sheeran's Divide artwork and Fishman Sonitone electronics for great plugged-in sound.
Flatwounds = fat sounds. Known for decades as a shortcut to room-shaking bass, La Bella flatwound strings are hand-polished for a silky-smooth playing feel.
Boss and JHS combine their powers to create the JB-2, a stylish and complex overdrive that merges the Blues Driver and Angry Charlie circuits into one box.
Specifically made to fit your Explorer, this padded gig bag from World Tour is covered in water-resistant PVC and features comfortable backpack-style straps.
Get total control over your MIDI effects stomp boxes with this foot controller. You can easily reconfigure your gear with the touch of a button.
Usher in Armageddon with the Schecter C7 Apocalypse electric, a 7-string, stage-ready battle ax of doom that unleashes hellish tone and near-eternal sustain.
Pick up this Ovation to take your acoustic playing in a heavier direction. At a 28 1/3" scale, this guitar comes fresh from the factory in D-standard tuning.
Built almost entirely from koa, this tenor-sized Fender Montecito ukulele has a rich, resonant sound that's matched by its elegantly refined aesthetic.
The Martin CEO7 is a comfortable, 00-shaped short-scale guitar that fits nicely in your arms and delivers a powerful yet well-balanced tone.
Made to Eddie Van Halen's specs, the carved-top Wolfgang USA guitar comes complete with Floyd Rose tremolo, custom EVH humbuckers and reinforced maple neck.
Brian Setzer's signature tone is house in these TV Jones humbuckers. Wired to produce punchy low mids, they'll get a girthy growl out of any amp.
Made to fit electric guitars, Gator's sturdy-yet-stylish wood case protects your instrument with a plush, crushed-velvet-covered, foam-padded interior.
Add more drive or flexibility to your amp's sound with the stomp of a button. This 2-Button footswitch is perfect for adding texture to almost any Fender amp.
Pre-coated before winding and finished with a corrosion inhibiting coating, the DR Black Beauties are highly resilient without sacrificing playability.
The sleek Boss GT-001 makes it easy to get killer tone. Tap into its COSM amp models and MDP effects and then send it out to your DAW or amp.
Get technical with Keith Merrow! The Schecter KM7 features a 7-string build, custom-voiced Keith Merrow signature pickups, and a neck-through-body design.
Beefy Shawbucker pickups give the American Pro Telecaster Deluxe plenty of output, while its narrow-tall frets will make playing leads a breeze.
This retro-style jazz-box boasts a big, hollow spruce laminate arched top for authentic '40s flavor, brought to life with a Gretsch floating pickup.
See what everyone loved about the first Teles -- the American Original '50s Telecaster's vintage-style frets and neck are as smooth as a drive-in milkshake.
Sporting a bold Sunrise Orange finish, P-90 dog-ear pickups and vintage 14:1 tuners, this Casino brings a fresh look to the long-time Epiphone favorite.
Updated with an open front end and elevated clearance, this pedalboard will keep your pedals in order, and its hardshell case is built for life on the road.
DR's Pure Blues strings feature a traditionally assembled pure-nickel wrap on a round core for increased sustain and vintage tone.
A metal favorite gets a tropical twist -- this limited-run LTD EC-1000 features a striking koa top and gets raunchy tone from its Seymour Duncan humbuckers.
The myrtlewood body of the Breedlove Oregon Concerto creates a clear voice with ringing sustain, loud projection, and clear articulation of individual notes.
The power and sound of a genuine 12-string guitar is within reach. This Luna dreadnought is crafted from all mahogany and is perfect for players on a budget.
With huge volume boost capabilities, this pedal is designed to bring your wah effect to the forefront when you need it. It's a Dunlop and Dimebag Darrell collaboration.
If you're gonna get up, stand up while jamming, you'll need a guitar strap! These Dunlop straps celebrate Bob Marley's legacy with unique designs.
Control your pedals, effects, and amp channel switching all with this guitar audio switcher. It's perfect for the touring or regular gigging musician.
Sporting an all-gloss body, ebony fretboard in 12" radius and ingenious three-pickup array, the T5z Classic Deluxe is a joy to play, hear and behold.
An ultra-thin, multi-ply neck, Floyd Rose 1500 tremolo, and a pair of Fishman Fluence Modern pickups add up to make this C-1 Elite a true shredder's dream.
Designed specifically with metalheads in mind, this Iron Label SIX6FDFM is made to melt some faces. The stunning flame maple top gives this axe a pro look.
Give your guitar well-balanced tone with wound strings made of nickel-plated hex steel, and plain strings made of tempered tin-plated high carbon steel.
Keeping your fretboard clean and conditioned is key to your guitar's playability. Taylor fretboard oil keeps rosewood and other woods smooth and new-feeling.
A replica of what many consider the holy grail of electric guitars, this Custom 59 Les Paul Standard VOS is a true-to-era gem for serious collectors.
Made for jazz but perfected by indie rockers, the Jazzmaster's bold tones have defined a multiple eras of music. The V-Mod pickups deliver hot, vintage tone.
Elixr OptiWeb strings feature a coating with a more natural feel, for the same crisp tone as an uncoated string -- without losing long-lasting life and tone.
Designed with Maroon 5's James Valentine, this signature model features a slab ash body and an oil-and-wax-rubbed, roasted maple, 10-inch radius neck.
The Ultra Swede's slender body and slim, fast-playing neck combined with rocking Custom Ceramic 62 pickups add up to make one sweet, hot-rodded riff machine.
Transform your guitar tone into a number of vintage electric pianos with the Key 9. Choose from 9 different presets and dial in your favorite EP sound.
Discover how your 5-string bass can really sound with a set of D'Addario NYXLs. The NY Steel core wires enhance tuning stability and overall durability.
Need metal? The Boss Metal Core distortion pedal makes it easy to nail a destructive high-gain tone that can cut through even the sludgiest mix.
Add some extra depth to your sound with an acoustic baritone guitar. This Alvarez features a mahogany body for excellent tonal definition.
The Reunion Blues RBCSH will protect your semi-hollow guitar with its impact-resistant Flexoskeleton, reinforced neck brace, and sturdy Quadraweave exterior.
Takamine's GY11ME New Yorker acoustic is an ideal pick for blues and fingerstyle guitarists thanks to its compact body style and on-board TP-4T electronics.
Nobody  likes a plastic-sounding uke. The Luna Concert ukulele's all-mahogany body creates a warm, pleasing tone that you can listen to for hours on end.
With a fast-playing compound-radius rosewood fretboard and Floyd Rose tremolo, the Adrian Smith SDX is signature model worthy of the Iron Maiden guitarist.
With Fishman Custom Series pickups, neck-through-body design, and a thin profile neck, the Schecter KM6 MkII brings Keith Merrow's tone to your fingertips.
Ask any sound engineer -- EQ is a huge part of tone, and a pedal EQ like the MXR M109S can help dial in the perfect sound for whatever size room you're in.
These Grover 406 Series Mini locking rotomatic tuning machines provide the locking stability of larger tuners in a more compact profile.
Easily dial in a number of overdrive tones thanks to the versatile La Grange from Bogner. Use the channel blend control to emulate the iconic Plexi sound.
Grind out the thunderous tones of Kirk Hammett with his signature set from EMG. The Bone Breakers generate genuine Metallica tone, either clean or dirty.
When you need high performance without the extras, reach for a Charvel Pro Mod DK24. Its speedy neck, jumbo frets, and screaming pickups deliver every time.
Dial in sizzling high-gain and clean tones from this all-tube combo. Perform live with the full 25 watts, or switch to a lower 13-watt output for the studio.
String up with D'Addario 80/20 Bronze Acoustic Strings! These long-lasting 80/20 bronze strings project a deep, crisp tone and maintain excellent intonation.
BEAM stands for Bass, Electric, Acoustic and Music -- all playable through this Blackstar amp's 12 optimized voicings and on-board Bluetooth compatibility.
Reclaim control over your sound with the Blackjack 21. This amp's two channels run the gamut from sparkly clean tones all the way to fully saturated nirvana.
Tuned like a concert ukulele and adorned with a Hawaiian quilt design, this banjolele is sure to bring some distinctive, twangy tone to your jam sessions.
Get comfortable with this super-playable Washburn acoustic-electric. With a Grand Auditorium-style body with an armrest and cutaway, it begs to be played!
The C1K concert ukulele pairs the tropical tone and beautiful look of its Hawaiian koa top, back and sides with legendary Martin craftsmanship.
Play with the same blazing speeds and sizzling tones as Eddie Van Halen with these signature strings.
Perfect for high-intensity lefty players, this 2018 Flying V is equipped with a Slim Taper set mahogany neck and a pair of BurstBucker 1 and 2 pickups.
Combining Super Slinky and Regular Slinky gauges, the Ernie Ball Hybrid Slinky bass strings are perfect for bassists who want the best of both worlds.
The Behringer AT108 Ultracoustic is a solid amp for acoustic guitars. The Behringer AT108 also has an XLR input, for plugging in a microphone.
Just like its namesake, the SE Santana combines smooth tone and effortless style. A pair of humbuckers faithfully recreate Santana's signature creamy tone.
Equipped with three 12AX7 preamp tubes and able to handle both 6L6 and EL34 power tubes, the Fuchs Full House 50 head is a powerhouse of boutique tube tone.
Get the tone that turned many 70s and 80s guitarists into legends. This humbucker pickup delivers a thick tone with a tight bottom end.
Create loops easily with the Boss RC-1 Loop Station pedal -- its interface is simple to use, and its sturdy build quality ensures years of smooth operation.
Feel the blues in seven keys -- G, A, Bb, C, D, E, or F -- with this set of Hohner diatonic harmonicas. You can really dig in by overblowing or bending.
Built on original Fender tooling and finished in satin "Thin Skin" nitrocellulose, this limited '56 Stratocaster will take you back to the Strat glory days.
Equally effective for guitar and bass, the Electro-Harmonix Hot Wax Dual Overdrive combines the Hot Tubes and Crayon pedals for one powerful stacked OD.
Perfect for the studio or your bedroom, the Blackstar HT1 guitar amp pumps out all the thick tube-driven tone you want -- at a much more manageable volume.
This beast of an amp offers an intelligent noise gate and switchable FX loop -- in addition to a sizable helping of powerful, richly focused Randall tone.
All-mahogany solid wood construction and a beautiful satin finish make for a great-looking 000-shaped Martin acoustic that's powerful, clear, and balanced.
For warm tone and speed-demon shredding capability, look no further than the Banshee Extreme 7, a screaming 7-string ax with aggressive Diamond Plus pickups.
With a flamed maple top, mahogany body and ESP designed passive pickups, the ESP LTD EC256 left-handed guitar brings classic feel to the modern rock player.
Toting 150 watts, a built-in looper and octaver, and patented Blackstar ISF control, the ID:Core 150 is a light, yet powerfully versatile modern amplifier.
Not only does this cabinet boast the "EVH" logo on the front, but it also has the power to live up to Eddie himself.
The onboard Takamine TP-4T preamp brings out the killer tone of this classical guitar. It features rosewood back and sides and a beautiful spruce top.
Let EarthQuaker take all the guesswork out of dialing in the right tone with the Tentacle V2. Just stomp the pedal on to conjure perfectly tracked octave up.
No matter how much you move, you can be confident that your guitar strap is secured to your guitar thanks to this strap's snap-action locks.
Sync two loops to the same tempo with the compact Vox Lil' Looper. It offers 12 Effects, built-in metronome, and a balanced mic input.
Designed for left-handed players, this Gibson Les Paul Studio T features 490R and 498T humbuckers and Ultra-Modern weight relief for comfortable playing.
This updated version of the PT-2 pedalboard is designed to accommodate the larger power supplies you need to keep your all pedals running.
With improved tone controls, adjustable power level, and authentic Marshall tube circuitry, the DSL5CR guitar combo amp sounds great at home or on stage.
Safely transport your Fishman Loudbox Mini or Loudbox Mini Charge amp and accessories with this fully padded, ruggedly designed deluxe softshell carry bag.
The stylish Ernie Ball Jacquard guitar strap adds a bit of flair while providing the strength and support you need to hold your instrument.
Give yourself a boost when it's time for your solo. It operates with one knob that delivers the right amount of gain when you need it.
Featuring a large, 3D display and tuning precision within 0.1 cents, the Korg GA Custom tuner is perfect for guitars, basses and orchestral instruments.
Keep your favorite guitar in its prime by adjusting its two-way or single-point adjustable truss rod with this handy 13WR0001 truss rod wrench from Martin.
Get luscious plate reverb in EHX's compact Holy Grail Neo. Equipped with a 9.6DC power supply, this stompbox puts three heavenly reverb styles at your feet.
Amplify your archtop-style mandolin without making major modifications to the instrument with the easy-to-install and full-voiced Fishman M200 pickup.
DR's most popular string set for electric guitar, Tite-Fit round-wound nickel-plated strings are a solid all-around choice for rock, blues, and beyond.
Use the JHS Prestige Boost as a natural buffer, volume boost or meaty, natural overdrive depending on how much you decide to turn up its single level knob.
This latch-style footswitch is perfect for switching amp channels and can be connected using ordinary guitar cables.
Upgrade or modify your guitar's neck with this American Pro Telecaster replacement. Produced from durable maple, this neck features 22 narrow-tall frets.
Step on the EHX Big Muff Pi and help yourself to a slice of that thick, harmonically rich, sustaining fuzz made famous by generations of rock guitar legends.
Your valuable HeadRush pedal deserves all the protection it can get. This lightweight nylon bag features 1/2" foam padding and a convenient storage pocket.
This left-handed Gibson 2019 Explorer Tribute is an all-out rocker with its black finish and hardware, plus Dirty Fingers Plus humbuckers.
Innovative FST2 bracing, quality tonewoods, and careful construction ensure that the Alvarez AG60CEAR acoustic carries a powerful tone and is built to last.
A precision-built shredding machine, the Ibanez Premium RG6PFGMLTD has jumbo stainless steel frets for long-lasting smoothness and an 11-piece Wizard neck.
Small in size, but big in sound, the Ibanez EWP14OPN Piccolo acoustic guitar is great for young performers or musicians on-the-go.
Never worry about knocking your guitar out of tune when doing heavy thrashing on the EC-1007. A rock-solid EverTune Bridge keeps your attention on the music.
Take the weight out of your bass or heavy guitar with this wide strap. Its shiny, oiled-leather and big chrome rings will make you look seriously tough.
Kitted out with an effects loop, a direct out for recording, and stereo input and output, this portable stack offers premium features for a practice amp.
Designed for resonating sustain, the Reverend Airsonic HC has P90-style pickups and a body shape that blends rich, semi-hollow tone with solid-body clarity.
The Ibanez Nu Tubescreamer adds Korg's Nu Tube technology, plus a Mix control to adjust how much clean signal gets blended into your tone.
Explore the distinct sounds of a semi-hollowbody Strat with this killer Eric Johnson Thinline model. A trio of EJ's signature pickups deliver fat, lush tone.
The Seymour Duncan SPH90-1 offers fat, punchy tone. Also known as the Phat Cat P90, the Seymour Duncan SPH90-1 is a fantastic choice for rock.
The Spatial Delivery V2 delivers three modes of voltage-controlled envelope filters, which can be cross-faded for a range of sweeping auto-wah-style effects.
With a solid Sitka spruce top, sapele back and sides, and body just shy of a full-sized guitar, this lefty acoustic sings with quintessential Taylor tone.
If a body made entirely of flamed maple isn't enough, this deluxe Starfire VI sports a three-piece maple-and-walnut neck and a Guild vibrato tailpiece.
Your fingers and ears will thank you after the first chords you strum on a fresh set of smooth and full-bodied Elixir HD Nanoweb acoustic guitar strings.
Take looping to the next level with the Ditto X2. It offers stereo I/O, flexible "Speed" and "Reverse" settings, and a dedicated stop footswitch.
With this guitar polish and cloth pack, you can keep your Gibson's nitrocellulose finish looking clean, shiny, and brand new.
With a large LCD, stereo outputs, and tons of amps and effects presets, the Zoom MS-50G fits a huge multieffects processor into a single-stompbox-size pedal.
Claim your own slice of acoustic bliss with the AJ-220SCE. Solidly built with classic design reengineered electronics, the AJ-220SCE is a great value.
Using a short delay line with eight different methods of modulation, the Aqueduct delivers everything from gentle pitch wobbles to randomly warped waveforms.
This hot-rodded Epiphone Prophecy Les Paul boasts a quilted maple top and a powerful 490R/498T humbucker complement, complete with push/pull coil-tapping.
Recreate the sounds of real tube amp overdrive with this overdrive pedal. It features Drive, Tone, and Level controls for great tone shaping.
Wired for a hotter, fatter bridge tone and a clearer neck tone, the Saturday Night Special humbucker set offers the perfect voicing for '70s arena rock.
Designed with metalheads in mind, the C1 Apocalypse is ready to shred. A pair of Schecter USA Apocalypse humbuckers crank out only the heaviest of tones.
Expand your Hercules rack to fit your growing axe collection by investing in additional yokes. Rubber padding cradles your guitar's neck for a secure fit.
Perfect for touring musicians, the GMT-004 is compact, foldable, and weighs in at just 8 lbs, creating the ideal mobile workstation for guitar maintenance.
The Yamaha A5M Dreadnought gets vibrant midrange from its mahogany back and sides -- and translates that tone brilliantly through the SRT2 pickup system.
Easy to use and read thanks to a bright LED display, the Snark ST8 Super-Tight firmly clasps to your guitar's headstock, even during the wildest shows.
Match the sound of one of the most famous amps out there with the Twimble. This twin pedal combines Mad Professor's own Simble Overdrive and Simble Predrive.
The EXH 45000 Stereo Multi-Track looper offers four individual tracks for each loop. You can even mix loops down and save them to removable SDHC cards.
Have you always wanted to play the ukulele? This concert ukulele is the perfect size for someone just learning how to play.
Give your signal gentle squeeze or a gnarly squash with The Bends. This durable compressor pedal features easy-to-use controls to dial in the right sound.
Maintain your treasured instruments with the D'Addario Humidipak featuring two-way purified humidity control.
Prog-metal master Jake Bowen of Periphery loaded his signature JBM27 with powerful Titan-7 pickups and an Edge Zero II-7 bridge to make this 7-string scream.
Channel legendary jazz guitarist Joe Pass with this archtop beauty from Epiphone. Its gold hardware and "Tree of Life" headstock inlay add classy touches.
Get serious sound shaping abilities with the Blackstar ID60TVP. This powerful combo amplifer includes multi-effects, USB connectivity, and a built-in tuner.
Despite its tiny size, the Mini Foot Fuzz covers miles of sonic ground. Get splatty by cranking the fuzz, and use the toggle to switch from low to high gain.
This mini Marshall amp is made in the likeness of a full Marshall stack, and has the tone to match. It features switchable Clean and Overdrive modes.
A left-handed version of the quintessential rock guitar, this 2018 Les Paul Studio is loaded with '57 Classic and Classic+ humbuckers and coil-tapping pots.
Lefties love Vs too. This left-handed Gibson 2019 Flying V sports a trusty Burstbucker 2 and 3 pickup configuration and a '60s slim taper neck profile.
Shred like the Viking! Yngwie's Stratocaster features a shreddable scalloped fretboard, Seymour Duncan Fury pickups, a brass nut, and an alder body.
The deep, full bass of the Breedlove Stage Concert E All-Mahogany acoustic comes courtesy of its solid-wood body, LR Baggs electronics, and ebony fretboard.
Loosely translated from Portuguese, "Sonzera" means "awesome sound." That's exactly what you'll get from PRS' two channel, 6L6-powered combo.
Need an amplifier that can deliver clean, crunchy, and high-gain tones without compromise? Check out the versatile-yet-simple Friedman Small Box amp head.
Prevent scratches to your guitar's surface as you remove dust with this polishing cloth made of Velva-Sheen.
Slip on this snakeskin-patterned guitar strap, and you'll have a look that's comfortable, sturdy, and stylish.
A revision of the original Ditto looper, this stereo version features stereo I/O options, as well as analog dry-through signal and 24-bit uncompressed audio.
With a sleek satin finish and high-quality spruce and mahogany construction, the Schecter Deluxe is the perfect addition to any player's guitar arsenal.
This neoprene-padded strap is so comfortable, you'll think your guitar is holding itself. It features 2-inch polypropylene webbing and tri-glide adjustment.
High-end hardware appointments like locking tuners, a Hipshot bridge, and string-thru body design make the ESP LTD H-1001QM a rocking, top-shelf electric.
Put your leads and rhythm up front and center when you need them to be. The MVP volume pedal gives your sound a serious boost with up to 20 dB of gain.
Using the patented eCAM saddle system, this Babicz Full Contact 4-string bridge will add increased dynamic range, pitch stability and sustain to your bass.
Whether you own a 6- or 7-string model, this case fits your Jackson Soloist or Dinky model with a black plush interior and locking latches.
Crank beefy tone out of the superbly crafted RG752AHM. It features an ash body, DiMarzio PAF7 pickups and jumbo frets for lightning-fast performance.
This speaker is perfect for general replacements on most guitar amps. It produces a jangly tone that is especially perfect for Country and Blues guitarists.
The Supro Royal Reverb dishes out lush reverb and tasteful tremolo for vintage inspired tones. Switch between 60 and 35 watts for a variety of sounds.
With its 24" scale length and slightly downsized body, the Martin Dreadnought Junior gives left-handed players the comfort of a travel-sized guitar.
Take your shredding higher with a Kramer 84 Baretta. A modern classic, the Baretta includes a Seymour Duncan humbucker and a Floyd Rose tremolo system.
The DigiTech Nautila chorus and flanger pedal serves up a tidal wave of modulation with the help of separate speed, depth, emphasis, voices and mix controls.
The SKB 56 is an excellent choice for protecting your Gibson Les Paul. Whatever type of LP you have, the SKB 56 is a great investment for protecting yours.
Get robust projection from this mighty jumbo solid-top. An onboard TK-40D preamp offers a three-band EQ, mid contour switch, notch filter, and built-in tuner.
Loaded with a single Dog Eared P-90, this Hamer Special Junior dishes out hot response and resonance with a stripped-down mahogany look that means business.
Slowly wrapped over a high-quality, Swedish-steel hex core, these strings offer classic tone and playability with modern strength and resilience.
The Lester K reacts just like a Leslie, with a speaker balance knob, tube overdrive, and the classic acceleration sound when switched between fast and slow.
Save space on your pedalboard with this killer mini tuner from Ibanez. This true-bypass pedal features precision accuracy and modes for easy drop tuning.
Based on a design by late Catalinbread founder Nicholas J.P. Harris, the NiCompressor pedal is smooth and musical, with tone control and optional added gain.
Get the tools you need to set up and adjust your guitar or bass: screwdriver, hex wrenches, string winder, feeler gauges, diagonal cutter, capo and more.
With a comfortable neck and lightweight body, the Deering Goodtime banjo is a great choice for beginners.
Craft authentic tone with the enormous flexibility of the Blackstar ID30's True Valve Power response, six voice channels, and 128 storable patches.
At just 15 pounds, the Quilter BlockDock 10TC is loaded with a single Celestion TF1018 and is designed to pair with your 50-100 watt Block Series amplifier.
Who said cases have to be boring? Protect your prized PRS while showing off your eye for fashion with this stylish paisley case with brown plush interior.
Secure you amp on stage with this fully adjustable stand. It features a locking tilt mechanism with 48 teeth for maximum security.
Stray from the pack! The Reverend Tommy Koffin Signature's rock-solid build and sparkle finish automatically makes anybody holding one a seriously Kool Kat.
Add the JHS Buffered Splitter pedal to your chain to remedy the side effects of tone-sucking effects, extra-long cable runs and over-crowded daisy chains.
Outfit your Jaguar with a replacement American Professional Jaguar neck, sporting a deep C profile, 9.5" radius rosewood freboard and 22 narrow-tall frets.
The Roland AC-33 offers great Roland tone to acoustic players. The AC-33 is also battery-operable, for amplification on the go.
The standard EVH model is here to make some noise -- at a price anyone will love. This lefty model has a Floyd Rose tremolo for unmatched tuning stability.
Don't wait for an omen to tell you that you need this 7 string guitar. It features a basswood body, 2 Diamond humbucker pickups and a Walnut Satin finish.
DJ Ashba's signature Schecter acoustic-electric features a Tri-Sonic soundhole and a Fishman Isys+ preamp for pristine sound when plugged in.
Install the Mojotone Les Paul wiring harness to never worry about soldering again. Push-in solderless wire connections make pickup swapping easier than ever.
A perfectly companion to your Takamine acoustic, or any other guitar, this tooled leather strap features a beautiful, intricate pattern.
Do some maintenance on your guitar or bass without damaging the finish. This work mat includes a soft gel neck cradle for full support of your instrument.
Play with the old look and new feel. This guitar strap features moveable memory foam padding wrapped in cowhide with garment leather backing.
This custom gig bag from Hagstrom perfectly fits the Fantomen electric guitar with plenty of padding plus a pouch for accessories.
This left-handed Tele features the same playability and tone as its righty-handed sibling. A sweet pair of alnico 5 pickups cranks out inimitable Tele tone.
Designed for John Petrucci's JP16 guitar, these DiMarzio Sonic Ecstasy pickups deliver a massive tone that's rich, clear and expressive while retaining grit.
Soak your tone in analog vibrato/chorus. Dial in the lag and waveform settings for swirling, washy effects fit for this pedal's namesake aquatic demigoddess.
Dress up your bass tone and take it out for a nice respectable dinner with the Way Huge Pork and Pickle. Includes switch to toggle between drive and fuzz.
With everything good about '80s tone wrapped into one pedal, the JHS Ryan Adams VCR Ultracolor helps you break hearts, top charts, and save pedalboard space.
Safely transport your Artcore guitar with this Ibanez hard case. It's designed to fit various Artcore models, including the AS73, AF75 and AF75T models.
Modeled after Hammond's flagship B-3mkII organ and Stevie Ray Vaughn's Vibratone guitar cab, this pedal replicates the swirly tone of Leslie rotating speakers.
Molded to perfectly fit your prized SG, this Gibson electric guitar case will protect your axe on the way to your next show with its sturdy hard shell.
Inspired by the Friedman BE-100, the BE-OD Deluxe provides two overdrive channels with separate EQ controls to perfectly dial-in your rhythm and lead tone.
This Fender Hot Rod DeVille, designed with session artist Michael Landau, is full of tweaks like two independent volume controls and a boost function.
With on-board digital effects and tuning, three channels of British tone, and an emulated headphone output, the Marshall MG100HGFX will elevate your playing.
This super-light-gauge pack of strings has been chosen by top players for decades, thanks to their exceptional feel and bright, clear tone.
Equipped with two Broad'Tron humbuckers and a spruce center block, the G2655T produces robust tone and sustain without creating uncontrollable feedback.
Achieve an amplified acoustic guitar tone that is full, open, and highly adjustable with the Fishman Matrix Infinity Mic Blend pickup and preamp system.
Cut through the mix with the clear tone of Ernie Ball's Earthwood 80/20 bronze acoustic guitar strings. Their high-carbon steel core wires ensure durability.
Own a genuine Petrucci model without emptying your bank account. A stylish flamed maple top looks fantastic with the roasted maple neck and JP shield logo.
Get a dynamic range of deep lows and sparkling highs with the AE500's Sitka spruce and rosewood construction, amplified by an on-board active preamp.
Keep your Pedaltrain Classic 1, Classic 2, Novo 24, PT-FLY, PT-1 or PT-2 safe and sound within the confines of this ultra-thick padded premium soft case.
Setup and inspected in Bend, Oregon, this Breedlove Discovery Dreadnought CE boasts beautifully rich tone and a comfortable, highly accessible cutaway.
Replace or upgrade your favorite Tele's neck with this genuine maple Telecaster neck, crafted in Mexico with a "modern C" profile and 21 medium jumbo frets.
Get a grip on a John Petrucci Jazz III pick and feel like a prog rock god -- even if you're a beginner. Its polished, beveled tip enhances the pick's attack.
Choose how you like your wah with this pedal. With dual inductors, it delivers everything from a high-ended wah to a low or mid-heavy wah.
Rest your classical guitar in this foam fitted, plush hard case. It features an interior pocket and triple plated chrome locking latches.
Stick with the company that started it all. These phosphorus bronze strings from D'Addario create a warm, bright tone and last longer than most other acoustic guitar strings.
Loaded with a 12-inch Celestion Alnico Blue speaker for extra sweetness, the Vox AC15C1X Limited Edition has that classic British tone and killer looks.
Recreate the sounds of real classic rotary speakers with this pedal. It features adjustable rise time, horn and bass speed, as well as overdrive.
Designed with mini pedals and power supplies in mind, the Pedaltrain Novo 24 offers a five-rail design that accommodates your most avant-garde pedal layouts.
Conjure up the sounds of the islands while strumming out some tunes on the Fender Rincon. This tenor ukulele features a solid ovangkol top for a crisp tone.
Looking for a unique-sounding yet budget-friendly acoustic? The GD20 dreadnought fits the bill with its cedar top paired with mahogany back and sides.
Jam to your favorite songs with this beautiful ukulele. The 25T-CE features a gorgeous solid acacia top and a stunning maple and ebony rope binding pattern.
Recreate the sound of classic organs right on your pedalboard. The Organizer cleverly synthesizes organ sounds with a a touch of Leslie-style warble.
Thrash about on Gary Holt's signature ESP LTD! Its EMG 81 and 89 active pickups roar, and the Floyd Rose tremolo will add new dimensions to your playing.
Time travel to the era of rock 'n' roll excess with this ML79. Pull off the the most extreme dive bombs and leads thanks to the equipped Floyd Rose bridge.
Take your acoustic tone to new heights with the AC-3. This DI box allows you to tweak your sound with effects, and also models the tones of iconic guitars.
Start your classical conquest in style and quality with this beginner's package. It features a full-bodied classical guitar, a gig bag, tuner, and more.
Widen and thicken your guitar tone with the Way Huge Blue Hippo analog chorus pedal. Its variable control knobs range from subtle to gravity-warping.
Navigate the same wide tonal terrain as John Scofield with his signature JSM10 electric guitar. Bright and focused, yet deep, its sound works in many genres.
Get all the tools you need for making basic adjustments to your guitars and basses with this highly functional and ultra-compact multi-tool from Gibson.
The Behringer TU300 is a great way to get yourself in tune. With seven tuning modes and bypass function, this tuner is a great value.
Featuring limited edition art by UK-based design crew "ilovedust," this Carbon Copy sports a unique look with the same analog delay you know and love.
A comfortable taper neck, Grand Performance body shape, and mutenye wood body make this Martin Road Series acoustic-electric full-sounding and a joy to play.
Comfort translates to speed. That's why the ultra-fast RGAIX6U features a spacious ebony fretboard and agile 3-piece maple/purpleheart Nitro Wizard neck.
Perfect for curling up on the couch or as a road trip companion, this all-mahogany Breedlove parlor guitar offers warm, balanced sound in a small package.
Need an all-in-one pedal solution? Voodoo Lab's got you covered with a Dingbat board, PX-8 switching system, power supply and gig bag!
A dependable all-around acoustic with a full tone and Fishman Sonitone electronics, the Martin DCRSG Road Series dreadnought is comfortable and versatile.
With a mahogany body and neck, and mini humbucker pickups, this 2019 Firebird Tribute offers up a no-nonsense take on one of Gibson's most iconic models.
With a classic shape and updated performance, the ESP LTD TE-401 guitar features a mahogany body, set-thru construction and active EMG 60 and 81 pickups.
Get a clear tone that's perfect for jazz guitarists with this humbucker pickup. It features a 4-conductor cable.
Don't let your Kala acoustic U-BASS leave home without this trusty hard case. With a classy tweed exterior, it's the perfect fit for your miniature bass.
This small and lightweight aluminum pedal board is angled for easy access to your pedals, and has a deluxe carrying bag with a reinforced top and bottom.
Your electric guitar will travel safely in this Gator gig bag -- with comfortably padded backpack-style straps and even a spot to hold your "emergency" pick.
Make any tone happen with the Charvel Pro-Mod DK24 HH HT M QM electric. Its No-Load tone control and versatile pickups let you dial in your sound accurately.
The DR Fat-Beams are the perfect strings for the bassist looking to roll in a fatter low end and deeper mids, but stay with the feel of roundwound strings.
Designed to fit any of Martin's 000-14, OM Series and Dreadnaught guitars, this case features a plush interior lining and an impact-resistant exterior.
Complete the Reggae sound with the Reggae look. This cotton guitar strap features the Rastafarian Lion patch and suede ends.
Bridge the gap between acoustic and electric with the unique Fender Standard Stratacoustic, featuring familiar Strat styling and twangy acoustic tone.
Each nylon string in this set is measured by a laser system that performs consistency and quality control checks.
This foldable guitar stand is strong enough to do the job, yet small enough to fit in your gig bag. Never get stuck without a stand -- grab the Ibanez PT32!
How good can an electric guitar sound? PRS 408 pickups, installed in this 408 Gen III, provide unrivaled clarity and balance with switchable wiring options.
Inspired by the 1939 Solo DeLuxe, the Washburn Revival Solo DeLuxe acoustic features a "crown" headstock, torrefied spruce top and a Fishman GT-2 preamp.
Instantly switch between two amps, swap guitars, isolate your tuner, mute your signal and so much more with the extremely compact JHS Mini AB Box pedal.
Get the best of American tone with this portable dual-channel floor amp. With 75 watts and on-board reverb and boost, you've got everything needed to rock.
Dirty, mean and mighty unclean, EarthQuaker Devices Cloven Hoof V2 retains the high-gain fuzziness of its predecessor and adds a soft-touch switch.
Designed to fit a variety of guitars of different shapes and sizes, this guitar case features molded-in bumper protection and molded-in feet with a plush-lined interior.
The unique design of this cab allows you to choose horizontal or vertical orientation, and its 12" HH drivers pump out 100 watts of power.
Tilt back your amp for better projection without the awkward bulk of an amp stand. This wedge pad eliminates floor vibrations and improves the amp's sound.
With a look and feel that's dedicated to the straps used in his most famous concerts and performances, these Jimi Hendrix guitar straps are the real deal.
The Ernie Ball VP Jr 25K volume pedal offers the same smooth functionality as the original, with a smaller footprint that's perfect for compact boards.
This classical acoustic guitar delivers a sweet, warm tone, thanks in no small part to the solid European spruce top and solid rosewood back and sides.
Easily go from bedroom to stage with the Marshall MG102GFX combo amp's emulated headphone output, on-board effects, dual 12" speakers and 100W of power.
Dial in a range of tones, from the edge of breakup to tasty high gain overdrive. The Motor City Drive's 12AX7 tube perfectly captures the feel of a tube amp.
Scare up some extreme tone! Specially crafted for aggressive playing, the Seymour Duncan Nazgul pickup produces high output without sacrificing articulation.
Perfect for beginners, the Martin D Jr. 2 Sapele acoustic may be smaller than a standard Martin dreadnought acoustic, but it still delivers plenty of bass.
Built to Eric Johnson's exact specifications, this Strat features an alder body with a Tropical Turquoise lacquer finish.
Built with an actual optical vibe circuit, The Depths V2 gives you 3-D depth and textures, plus classic Uni-Vibe sounds to make your tone sparkle and move.
Yes, "Jumbo Junior" is an oxymoron. But strum this solid Sitka spruce-topped Guild and its volume and rounded low-end tone will make you a believer.
Don't let a dead battery put an end to your set -- power nearly any stompbox or effects pedal with Behringer's PSU-SB DC 9-volt general purpose power supply.
Make a stylish statement on stage with a Right On Standard Plus guitar strap. These woven straps feature various woven patterns to match your personality.
This Sterling Albert Lee model's quality gives its Music Man big sibling a run for its money. A pair of humbuckers contribute to this guitar's creamy tone.
Made of durable plywood and covered in tolex with chrome-plated latches, this hardshell case is built to protect your Viking, Warhammer or Blood Eagle guitar.
Packing 6 unique amp tones in one head, the Quilter MicroPro Mach 2 weighs in at only 7 lbs -- ideal for the gigging musician who needs sonic versatility.
The simple, color-coded display of the Fender FT1 Pro clip-on chromatic guitar tuner makes it easy to tune quickly in any situation and get back to rocking.
Capture the same fat, funky tone of the original Q-Tron in a much smaller enclosure. This envelope filter changes its sound according to your playing.
Be confident in your strap locks! Made of nickel-plated steel, Ernie Ball Super Lock strap locks hold your guitar safely with a 360-degree secure connection.
With nickel plating for excellent dynamics and tolerance to abuse, these bright-sounding electric guitar strings are perfect for rock and pop styles.
Hear yourself better with this tilt-back guitar amp stand from On-Stage. Its steel frame holds up to 100 pounds of amplifier and folds flat for storage.
This Fender strap takes everything you love about the original vintage straps and gives you extra padding for more comfort.
Recreate the best amp tones money can by from squeaky clean to super distorted. This stomp box can go toe-to-toe with any amp.
Get the wah tone of yesteryear with this period-correct Vox wah pedal. The V846 is handwired for a clean, efficient signal path and incredibly low noise.
Start the left-handed beginner off right with this compact guitar. It features a smaller neck but delivers big metal sound.
Loaded with Fender V-Mod pickups and a two-point synchronized tremolo, this American Pro Stratocaster offers killer USA-made quality to left-handed players.
Extend your sonic reach when you hook up your amp to this rock-solid 40-watt cabinet loaded with a US design speaker.
Dunlop Herco flatpicks combine a traditional pick with a thumbpick loop to give you extra versatility and improved control of your picking.
D'Addario XL Balanced Tension guitar strings are mathematically sized to create optimum string gauges for a variety of scale lengths and tunings.
Stock up on picks to pair with your favorite acoustic! These Taylor picks are made of celluloid for a comfortable feel and classic tone.
Chime away with the octave shimmer of this Taylor 356ce 12-string. Its Grand Symphony shape and sapele-and-spruce construction maintain low-end balance.
String Swing home guitar hangers are an easy way to show off your favorite axes. They're made to provide enough spacing for acoustic and electric guitars.
Adorned with gleaming gold hardware and loaded with Tim Shaw-designed Full'Tron pickups, the G6609TG Players Edition Broadkaster CB is built to perform.
Stomp on the Switchblade Plus to add a healthy dose of versatility to your rig. This ABY pedal allows you to select between two destinations, or engage both.
Attach these individual Harmonik gloves/mutes to your SpiderCapo's legs to mute individual strings, preventing buzzing and ringing, and reducing feedback.
Get excellent Taylor quality at a price you won't believe! This dreadnought's solid Sitka spruce top and layered walnut body yield a complex, organic tone.
With a pure, airy tone yet easy-to-bend for blues harp soloing, the Lee Oskar diatonic harmonica is a great-sounding and great-playing overall mouth harp.
Brash, yet feedback-resistant thanks to a lightweight spruce center block, the G2622 kicks out powerful semi-hollow tone at a price that won't break the bank.
Crank out crunchy rhythm parts and smoking leads with the SG Standard Tribute. This affordable model includes 490R and 490T pickups to produce cutting mids.
Treat your tone to the signature squish of classic Neve consoles thanks to a Rupert Neve Designs transformer inside the Lyndhurst compressor from Bogner.
The mid-sized orchestra shape of this Guild OM-240E acoustic-electric is equally suited for strumming and fingerpicking, and produces a sweet, balanced tone.
This string set keeps your wound strings tight to prevent flubbiness on the lower registers, while the lighter gauge plain strings make bending a breeze.
Get all the classic flange effects of the MXR M117 model in a much smaller package. You can go from jet airplane to spacey with the switch of a foot.
Go from fully transparent boost to harmonically complex saturation with the stomp of a button. The RCB-V2 juices your signal with up to +20db of clean boost.
An Orange Tiny Terror customized to Jim Root's specs, this amp head can take on more than just metal -- its warm tube distortion works for nearly any style.
A compound-radius fretboard and archtop body on Jackson's DKA7M 7-string ensure playing comfort, and its momentary kill-switch allows unique stutter effects.
A ziricote top on a mahogany body pair to create the luscious tones of this exotic Ibanez RG. A no-nonsense hardtail bridge makes for stable tuning.
Flight-ready and extremely tough, this Gator acoustic guitar case fits most dreadnoughts and is made from military-grade polyethylene for rugged protection.
Get a world of tube tones and solid state reliability all in one amp. The Roland Blues Cube Stage reproduces all the classic tweed-era sounds you love.
Authentically styled with modern touches, this Vintage Modified Jazzmaster features dual-circuit switching, a floating vibrato and Duncan Designed pickups.
Built from reclaimed wood over 140 years old, the Washburn Timeless Celtic mandolin features a European fir soundboard, a mahogany back and a hardshell case.
Enjoy progressive metal playability with this signature CE24, built for Between The Buried and Me's Dustie Waring, featuring a maple neck and Floyd Rose trem.
Built from high-quality leather, this Gibson guitar strap is durable, comfortable, and extremely stylish.
Power up to 11 of your pedals with the Gator G-BUS-8! This power supply features eight 9V outlets and three 18V outputs in a small-footprint chassis.
The Luminary V2 improves upon its predecessor with refined octave knobs, extended attack time, a revised envelope filter, tremolo and Smart Momentary bypass.
With a set 3-piece mahogany neck, high-output EMG 81/85 humbuckers and a Floyd Rose tremolo, the Schecter C-1 Hellraiser FR guitar was born to raise hell.
Forget about boring paintings or dusty curtains. Adorn the walls with your entire guitar collection thanks to the Strukture guitar hanger.
Put an Orange amp on your board! The Bax Bangeetar Preamp Equalizer pedal offers intricate EQ controls and Orange's legendary high-gain tone.
With two footswitchable channels, this 100-watt Marshall head is ready to handle any situation. Get that classic British tone thanks to the EL34 power tubes.
A thick-sounding fuzz with adjustable octave level and EQ, the Orange Fur Coat fuzz/octave pedal gives you huge '70s sound with modern flexibility.
Loaded with a single Celestion Midnight 60 speaker, the Origin50C slings classic, all-tube Marshall tone with high, medium or low power scaling options.
The easy-to-use Dunlop 83CS Trigger capo features a matte smoked finish and a tight grip -- so you get perfect intonation no matter how hard you play.
Breedlove's Frontier Concert E is perfect for fingerstyle players seeking a well-balanced, compact and comfortable guitar with an articulate, focused tone.
Using heavy-gauge wiring, finger-jointed construction and a pair of 12" Celestion loudspeakers, this Blackstar HTV-212 Mark II pushes some serious air.
Safely transport up to five stompboxes with this pedalboard and carrying case. It comes with a 9-volt daisy chain power supply.
Keep your strap where it needs to be. This lock system fits on your existing pins, and stays there until you release the side pin.
The Sub-N-Up pedal offers two sub-octaves and one octave up for a powerful, room-shaking sound. Switch between modern polyphonic or classic monophonic modes.
Plug in the Seymour Duncan SA6 for the best of both worlds. A magnetic pickup captures the meat of your tone, while a condenser mic gathers the resonance.
Protect your Schecter Orleans, Royal, and Robert Smith RS-1000 acoustic guitars with this high-quality hardshell case.
Add a touch of melancholy wah to your sound with this pedal, which was designed to meet Jerry Cantrell's request for a wider and darker wah effect.
Your Boss GT-series pedal unit keeps your show together -- keep it safe when you tour. The rugged Boss BAG-L2 protects your pedal, and may save your show!
True to its vintage form, the AR720 sports a carved ash body and three-piece maple neck for the trademark chunk and sustain of its classic '70s ancestors.
Protect your mid and deep-bodied Ovation like no other case can. This hard-shell case has been pull-tested to 500 lbs. and features a soft, velour interior.
Plug into an icon. With 50 watts of power delivering that classic "Plexi" tone, the Marshall 1987XL head is a faithful reproduction of the original 1959SLP.
Featuring a 000 14-fret body and beautiful appointments like a multi-stripe rosette and herringbone top inlay, this OM-28 delivers on aesthetics and sound.
Whether you're chilling on the beach or laying down tracks in the studio, the concert-sized Fender Zuma ukulele will deliver well-balanced, earthy tone.
An upgrade to Ernie Ball's top-selling Regular Slinkys, these cobalt-alloy strings form a strong magnetic relationship with your pickups for a hotter output.
Your truss rod hole is showing! Keep it covered when you're not making adjustments with this blank truss rod cover from Gibson.
Get the same huge fuzz tone of a genuine Big Muff without the gigantic enclosure. EXH designed this Nano model to sound as close as possible to the original.
This A-framed amp stand is strong enough to hold up to 100 lbs. It features a tilt-back design, and you can attach a microphone.
Mount Kirk Hammett's pickguard onto your guitar. It joins an EMG-81 with a pair of EMG-S single-coil pickups on a pre-assembled pickguard with black tone and volume knobs.
Use the Archer Ikon as a classic, Klon-based overdrive, or turn the gain knob down in order to use the pedal as a simple clean boost, or anything in-between.
Using old preamps as a foundation, EQD designed the Tone Job to handle anything you throw at it. Adjust EQ to taste, and crank the Level knob for a boost.
An accurate recreation of Grammy nominee James Bay's iconic Epiphone Century archtop, this limited edition model is built to 1966 specifications.
The dust and corrosion-resistant design of the Dunlop DSP500K Super Pot means your signal will ring free of dirty pot noise and scratchiness.
The hybrid "X" scalloped bracing pattern and smaller body shape of the 00016GT gives this Martin excellent clarity and projection.
Create octave tones and save space on your pedalboard with the Sub-N-Up Mini. Blend in the sub and upper octaves to taste, then mix them into the dry signal.
Plug into the MG15GR for killer tone, even when practicing at home. You'll have 2 channels to precisely sculpt your amp's sound with a 3-band EQ and reverb.
The GoGo Caliber Chromatic Tuner is a great tool when you need to tune in a pinch. Just clip it to your guitar, amp, or stand, and you're ready to go.
Pick up the Seymour Duncan Silver Lake and you'll likely never buy a reverb again. Eight reverb styles and 128 presets mean total control over your sound.
Turn some heads when you haul your Diamond Series electric guitar around town. This stylish gig bag is the perfect fit for Schecter Diamond series axes.
Practice in style with the 1-watt EVH Eddie Van Halen Micro Stack EL34. Includes a built-in tilt-back kickstand and a 1/4" headphone jack for silent rocking.
Have a hard time picking favorites? Try out the Dunlop variety pick pack and audition a whole host of materials and favorites to find your new favorite pick!
Perfect for mounting a Voodoo Lab power supply to the bottom of your Pedaltrain, these brackets can also mount anything from wireless units to LED lights.
Access a raw and distorted tone with this pickup. It's perfect for garage, punk, metal, and hard rock.
Channel classic Def Leppard tone with this killer signature axe, decked out with a quartersawn caramelized flame maple neck and Collen's favored HSS pickups.
Designed with electric guitar players in mind, the AEWC totes a remarkably slender body, 60mm neck joint and a deep florentine cutaway for upper fret reach.
For affordable, Jumbo-sized sound in a dreadnought-style body, look no further than the highly playable AJ-220S "advanced jumbo" from Epiphone.
Voiced to mimic the combination of Iommi's Laney Supergroup amp and Rangemaster treble booster, the Sabbra Cadabra nails Sabbath tone even at low volumes.
With this pedal you can switch the settings of various effects at once. It also works as a router for input and output signals.
The Peavey Session 115 features a 15" Black Widow speaker and is voiced to amplify pedal steel, ukulele, banjo, accordion and other acoustic instruments.
Perfect for protection on a budget! This bass guitar gig bag features durable Cordura interiors and exteriors with straps to carry your bass back-pack style.
Take your Ovation or Applause on the road with this lightweight gig bag. It offers a nylon exterior with a tough, foam interior and backpack-style straps.
Get five iconic amp voicings and up to 50W of power in a head that fits in your gig bag pocket. The 101H's TRI-Q control offers scoop, normal and lead tones.
The HD-28E Retro guitar delivers everything players love about vintage Martin dreadnoughts -- plus an advanced Fishman Aura VT Enhance electronic pickup system.
Enhance the amplified sound of your acoustic with TC Electronic's Bodyrez pedal. Turn it up to increase the body and depth of your piezo pickup signal.
Fishman Sonitone electronics, striking macassar back and sides and a solid Sitka spruce top make the Martin DCX1AE a standout dreadnought in its price range.
Exotic Hawaiian koa tops this beautiful Takamine GN77KCE which employs the NEX scaled-down jumbo body shape, perfectly balanced for singer-songwriters.
Fender Super Bullets will blow you away with their innovative bullet-end, which provides solid tuning and increases sustain.
Fight your way to the top of the tone mountain with the Pugilist. This durable distortion box features a pair of gain circuits to create a variety of sounds.
Don't be fooled by the extra-light gauge. These phosphorus bronze acoustic guitar strings are extremely durable and produce a long-lasting tone.
Evoke tons of vintage mojo with the 00L17. With a satin finish on its mahogany back and sides and Sitka spruce top, this guitar produces focused woody tones.
The Marshall JVM410H is a beastly 4-channel guitar amp head built to rock. A number of Plexi and modern tones can be created from this monster amplifier.
The quilt-topped version of the Dinky DK3, this Jackson gives you HSS pickups for tonal flexibility and a compound-radius fretboard for maximum shredability.
Keep in tune and on beat right from your headstock! The Boss TU-03 clips on to your guitar's headstock and offers a bright easy-to-read display.
Dig for the depths of heaviness with this 7-string Dinky. A pair of Seymour Duncan pickups and a Floyd Rose tremolo make this axe a metalhead's first choice.
Extend string life, reduce fret noise, and play faster, all with a single swipe. This guitar string cleaner keeps your guitar sounding and looking its best.
Install these pups and you'll be halfway to the Hendrix tone zone. These pickups have a reverse magnet stagger to emulate Jimi's upside-down playing style.
Get the whole Martin package: looks, playability, and tone at an affordable price. A spruce top and koa back and sides give this dreadnought a unique sound.
The Electro-Harmonix B9 Organ Machine transforms your axe into nine different organs, everything from a massive cathedral organ to an oh-so-'60s rock organ.
Perfect for alternate or down tunings, these strings offer the right tension at specific lengths to make for a comfortable playing experience.
The Behringer V-Amp 3 offers a plethora of modeling options. With 480 vitrual amp combos and easy recording connectivity, the V-Amp 3 is a great deal.
Experience rock-solid tuning stability with a flat-sawn, graphite-reinforced bolt-on maple neck and a double-locking Floyd Rose recessed tremolo system.
This itty-bitty version of the venerable Dunlop Cry Baby packs all the wail of the original, plus the Q control to adjust the sweep range!
Change guitars, effects setups, or amps instantly with this durable A/B Selector. It features one-click operation and silent switching.
Get the sound of Seymour Duncan's JB humbucker in a single coil size. It comes with a 4-conductor hookup cable.
The Celestion Alnico Gold offers fantastic tone and great power handling. The 12 inch Alnico Gold even surpasses the famous Blue speaker.
The Archer hits the mark when it comes to organic overdrive. Its gain knob blends a distorted signal with your clean tone, offering a quiver full of sounds.
This closed-back cabinet is loaded with 4 Sheffield loudspeakers for 300 watts of power. It has recessed handles and heavy-duty casters for easy transport.
Delve into the depths of 7-string sound without fear -- the Ibanez RG7421PB's Quantum 7 pickups keep your heinous chugging rhythms articulate.
The next time you take your guitar somewhere, take your guitar stand, too, with the Fender Mini, which folds down to fit in most gig bags and guitar cases.
Get slick playability out of this Pro-Mod So-Cal HH. This ripper is hot-rodded with a high-output set of Seymour Duncan TB-6 and SH-6N Distortion humbuckers.
Lefties will love the beautifully rich and complex tone provided by the solid red cedar and mahogany construction of this Breedlove Pursuit Concert CE.
The JHS Panther Cub V2 offers up to 1,000 ms of analog delay time, four division ratio controls, tap tempo and beautifully ambient on-board modulation.
The small guitar with a fat sound, Fender's Mustang 90 electric has a satin-finished neck for easy, fast playing and MP-90 pickups for full-range tone.
Glenn Tipton's GT-600 screams for vengeance with his signature EMG pickups and holds tune thanks to a Kahler tremolo and locking tuners.
Experience a new level of ukulele excellence. The Marin T1K features a Hawaiian koa body for classic, mellow uke tones.
This strap is so comfortable, you'll think your guitar is suspended in air. Handcrafted in Franklin, Tennessee, this strap is made from tooled leather.
With a firm grip on your headstock and easy-to-read display, the Snark ST2 is great for tuning just about any stringed electric or acoustic instrument!
This Seagull Maritime SWS features warm-sounding solid mahogany back and sides coupled with a solid, pressure-tested spruce top for amplified projection.
Rest your foot as your fingers do all the work. This foot rest is height adjustable and is perfect for classical guitarists.
Take the sound of a Martin steel-string with you anywhere you go with the portable and great-sounding LX1 Little Martin.
This pedal allows you to route signals 2 ways. You can route one signal to 2 outputs, or conversely, route 2 inputs to one output.
Turn your guitar into an arpeggiating machine with this versatile effect pedal. Control 8 different modes, and you'll nail every classic arpeggiator sound.
The Walrus Voyager distorts your signal without losing clarity. Brighten up your tone to cut through the mix, or crank the gain for thick, screamy overdrive.
Go from clean to crunch and beyond with this 30-watt Marshall. Use the on-board effects, like chorus, reverb, and delay, to give your sound a creative touch.
Stow the Korg GA2 tuner in your guitar or bass gig bag and you'll have a reliable, accurate tuner wherever you go!
Featuring quiet electronics, brilliance control, phase switch and feedback-fighting notch filter, the Fishman Prefix Plus-T is a must-have for your acoustic.
See for yourself why this is Slash's wah pedal of choice. You get screaming tone that's ready to kick into overdrive when it's time to solo.
As a combo audio interface and amp head, the Laney L5 is like two pieces of gear in one! Crank out up to 5 watts of tube tone from the EL84 power tube.
Plug in this guitar for tones that instantly take you back to the '50s. The dual TV Jones Classic pickups deliver sensitive dynamics and clear articulation.
The perfect strings for your Steinberger guitar, these Boomers create the exceptional tone that you crave.
Travel across the Atlantic for British and American tone with the incredibly studio-friendly 1-watt Blackstar HT-1R combo amp.
Invite your friends over for a garage jam. With a mix of guitar picks in all different gauges, shapes and colors, this pack has a pick for every guitarist.
The Acoustic SFX's three speakers project your guitar through the entire room, for a full, natural sound. This limited edition features a hand-rubbed finish.
The TC Electronic G-System offers 1st class effects and major processing power. Boasting 9 simultaneous effects and 4 FX loops, the G-System is a winner.
Customize your tremolo effect with this workhorse Boss pedal. The TR-2 Tremolo features wave, rate and depth knobs for slow shimmers and fast warbles.
Protect your Boss Acoustic Singer Live amp from dust, dirt, scuffs and scrapes with this specifically designed amp cover, made from durable polyester.
Avoid mid-set amp tweaking by using the Defcon4 to easily switch from single coil to humbucking guitars with a quick twist of its simple rotary knobs.
Exemplifying craftsmanship refined over more than 100 years, the Marine Band 1896 is a solidly constructed harp suitable for a variety of playing styles.
This set of six tuning machines fits on most modern Fender guitar headstocks. Their staggered design increases break angle and improves tuning stability.
With its longer Tenor size, this Luna ukulele produces a robust sound with plenty of volume. The instrument's mahogany construction adds warmth to your tone.
Great for solo performers, this amp produces 100 watts per channel for max volume. Plug an XLR mic or other instrument into the second channel's combi-jack.
Powered by a pair of proprietary Ibanez Quantum humbuckers and equipped with a thin, fast Wizard III neck, this RG is a stable axe for utilitarian shredders.
This hardshell case designed for 12-string acoustic guitars features a durable shell, soft interior lining and an accessories compartment.
Good for "any genre?" Nah. The Jackson Pro Soloist SL2P MAH is a shred-hungry speed demon made to excel in high-gain, high-performance situations.
The protection of a hard case meets the utility of a gig bag with this Gator mandolin case. Its soft exterior has a heavily padded foam interior.
Whether you like delays clean or with a dash of color, the Mirror Image is for you. Choose from digital, analog, and tape delay types to find your sound.
Add an EMG-SA pickup set to your Strat-style guitar. This packages comes with 2 Quik-Connect cables, 3-way selection switch, and everything else you need for assembly.
Made from ultra-soft premium suede, this adjustable guitar strap is not only good-looking, but also super-comfortable and flexible.
Toggle between two available tonal profiles: modern, high-output or crisp and clean, with Fishman Fluence Modern Alnico pickups.
This beginner-friendly pack includes a 21" Ulu soprano ukulele, plus eMedia Ukulele Basics software and Ralph Shaw's Complete Ukulele Course DVD!
With a solid Sitka spruce top and locally sourced Oregon myrtlewood back and sides, this Breedlove concert acoustic offers incredible depth and liveliness.
Protect your amp when it's not in use with this nylon, form-fitting cover from Fender. The cutout on top lets you access the carrying handle.
You can't go wrong with a Breedlove Stage Exotic Concert CE Sitka Myrtle acoustic. Its solid myrtlewood-spruce body creates balanced tone with crisp attack.
Swap out your Tune-O-Matic bridge and stopbar tailpiece with this sustain-maximizing Babicz Full Contact system, designed to fit your TOM-equipped guitar.
This pedal thickens up your tone with classic SCF Chorus and tri-chorus modes. Beam your favorite artists' settings to the pedal with the free TonePrint app!
Provide your Devil or Stargazer guitar the ultimate protection with this Schecter case. It features a plush interior and a convenient accessory compartment.
Get the VIP treatment -- plug in the Sanpera I VIP foot controller to your Peavey Vyper amp to easily switch between effects and parameters on the fly.
Enjoy the warm tone of this Luna Tribal concert ukulele's mahogany body unplugged, or use the on-board UK-T2 preamp and tuner for faithful electric tone.
The Boss BCB-30 is a great way to transport and protect your pedals. With room for 3 Boss-size effects pedals, the BCB-30 is a fine investment.
Blending layered walnut back and sides with a solid Sitka spruce top, this left-handed Taylor 114ce is the perfect all-around acoustic for southpaw players.
A great choice for blues, jazz, or classic rock, Original Bullets strings owe their tuning stability and sustain to Fender's patented "bullet-end" design.
Tune up accurately on even the darkest of stages thanks to the bright, three-dimensional display. Reliably tune every time with accuracy up to +/- 0.1 cents.
The Little Martin acoustic is the perfect student guitar. It features a natural finish and comes with a backpack-style gig bag.
Small yet serious, the Alvarez LJ2 Little Jumbo acoustic has a solid spruce top, genuine bone nut & saddle, and hand-scalloped bracing for jumbo-sized tone.
This Custom '61 SG Standard VOS celebrates the year the SG first took shape -- with authentic tone, courtesy of its mahogany body and CustomBucker pickups.
Replace your old tuners with this set of modern-style Gibson tuners. Each set comes with 6 nickel or gold tuners with metal buttons.
Step on the Dunlop KH95 and coax Kirk Hammett's wailing tone out of your axe! Perfect for metalheads, this green wah's EQ was designed to Kirk's exact specs.
Choose the right colored strap to go with your guitar. These nylon straps come in black, red, and blue and feature Dunlop's patented Comfort Edge Webbing.
Detail-oriented musicians will love this hand-crafted, cedar-top classical guitar with Spanish-style appointments that enhance projection and playability.
The Ovation Standard Gig Bag keeps your guitar safe with a nylon outer shell, while its backpack straps let you comfortably haul your acoustic around town.
If you've lost the truss rod cover to your Les Paul Custom, never fear. Screw this replacement cover on, and keep the integrity and value of your guitar.
Turn heads with this Fender Player Strat's striking flamed maple top. Alnico 5 pickups and a pau ferro fretboard ensure that its sound matches its looks.
Treated with Optiweb coating on top of nickel plated steel, these Elixir strings keeps your tone bright and punchy for much longer than untreated strings.
You play a 12-string guitar for its unique jangling tone. String it with D'Addario's EJ 38 12-String acoustic strings to keep that bright tone chiming.
Rock some heavy metal thunder without disturbing anyone. Get the tone of a roaring 100-watt high-gain amp with the Vox amPlug Metal G2 headphone amp.
Equipped with an on-board tuner and Fishman electronics, the Discovery Concert is a perfect acoustic for beginners looking to graduate to live performance.
Get the best of both worlds with this pickup: massive output and rich, vintage tone. It's designed for the bridge or neck positions.
Weighing in at just around 8 lbs, the Vox VX II boasts 11 distinct amp models and 8 effects, and pumps 30 watts of power from a fully-enclosed 8" speaker.
Enjoy the smooth feel of this M-36's satin-finished, high performance neck and the rich tone provided by East Indian rosewood and Sitka spruce construction.
If your acoustic guitar has a darker tonality, help it to shine with these bright-sounding and loud Fender 80/20 bronze strings.
Thicken up your tone with this small-yet-mighty EHX effect. The Small Stone starts at subtle phasing, and goes skyward from there into wild alien swooshes.
Easily handle most performances without a PA system. At 100 watts per channel, the Quilter MicroPro Mach 2 cranks 200 watts through a Celestion 10" speaker.
Protect your Dinky Minion with this stylish gig bag! Get max protection with the 15mm-thick foam padding and store your accessories in the external pockets.
Featuring superb build quality, a matching Strat headstock, Fender/Fishman electronics, and a stylish matte black finish, the Newporter is one slick guitar.
Elegant and compact, the Pedaltrain Metro 24 is an ideal choice for weekend warriors or guitarists using public transportation to get to gigs.
Jackson has updated the shredder-favorite Dinky into an eight-string axe -- giving guitarists who want to get low something they can really rip on.
Let the jazz flow out of you and through this Ibanez AF75G, giving you warm, well-balanced tone via Classic Elite pickups and maple and mahogany construction.
Featuring revolutionary contouring around its top and back, plus a deep cutaway, the Ibanez AEWC300 will keep you playing for days.
With its robust tone, quality Fishman electronics, and the playability of an electric guitar, this stage-ready acoustic-electric is great for performance.
Snappy, crystalline and pedal-friendly, this '64 Custom Deluxe Reverb features modified all-tube, hand-wired AB763 circuitry and a 12" Jensen C-12Q speaker.
The oh-so-pleasing midrange drive and phenomenal touch dynamics of a late-'50s Supro can be yours with this gorgeous 1695T Black Magick combo amp recreation.
The No More Tears Gold 72 Wah delivers quintessential wah tones with the added ability to fine-tune the pedal's feel and character via a 3-way sweep switch.
The iconic guitar pick from Fender, the 351 is made of celluloid to deliver the vintage feel and warm, round response that was a staple of the '60s and '70s.
Designed to complement the Jim Root Terror head, this cabinet packs two Orange 12-inch speakers and makes a great match for a huge range of heads.
As the top-of-the-line model, the Gibson Les Paul Custom never goes out of style. This limited-run Custom features the understated look of nickel hardware.
The Roland GK-3 pickup is your key to the world of MIDI guitar synths! 30% thinner than the previous version, it's a cinch to install on nearly any guitar.
Support 2 electric guitars or basses, or an acoustic and an electric, with On-Stage's dual-guitar A-frame stand -- then fold it flat for storage and travel.
With a wide nut for extra string spacing and a 24.75" scale length for lower tension, the Reverend 2017 Airwave makes for an ultra-comfortable 12-string.
The Mono Tour V2 case fits a medium-sized pedalboard, DJ controller, or other gear with high-density foam padding throughout for ample protection.
The Dude is J. Rockett's take on the OD channel of the legendary Dumble Overdrive Special amplifier, with 4 controls: "level," "ratio," "treble" and "deep."
Specifically voiced for bass guitar, this FLY 3 mini goes wherever you go, providing huge tone unbecoming of its small stature and 3" Blackstar speaker.
Float your amp or speaker cab on the GRAMMA II platform to ensure a clear signal free from unwanted resonance. It's a great tool for studios and stages!
Drop this pickguard into your guitar for instant Hendrix vibe. The Voodoo version features a reverse-angle bridge pickup to really nail his look and sound.
Install PRS 57/08 humbuckers into any guitar for a fat, warm sound. These pups are based on the tone and design of 1957 "PAF" models for exceptional clarity.
This Luna ukulele's solid top is adorned with patterns inspired by tradition Pacific Islander Tapa bark cloth for a beautiful look and resonant sound.
Paul Gilbert's distinctive signature Ibanez model gets an update in the FRM200. Sporting hot PG-13 mini-humbuckers, it's ready to rip right out of the box.
Lefties haven't been "left" out this time -- the EVH Striped Series left-handed electric has jumbo frets, a Floyd Rose with a D-Tuna, and screaming EVH tone.
Lock down your intonation and achieve nearly eternal sustain when you equip your favorite Telecaster with this Babicz Full Contact Hardware Tele bridge.
Holding your guitar is a must -- so don't just get any old strap to do the job. This fine black  leather Vorson strap has an edgy look for the stage.
You can't go wrong with an Ibanez RG570 Genesis electric -- its understated design and technical excellence ensure flawless execution of awesome shreddage.
This hard-shell case was designed to perfectly fit your Ibanez AEL acoustic guitar. Use it, and get to your next gig scratch-free!
A favorite of John Popper and Bob Dylan, the versatile, durable Special 20 roars with a plastic comb and airtight design that make it great for all styles.
A Gretsch for the modern man, the G2655 is no mere twang machine -- the Broad'Tron humbuckers and feedback-killing center block allow for high-gain madness.
Keep your Jaguar locked away until it's time to take the stage. This case features a plush padded interior that is designed to fit most Jag-style guitars.
Loaded with a pair of crystal clear 12" Celestion Vintage 30 speakers, the heavy-duty Randall Diavlo cabinet can handle up to 120 punishing watts of power.
Dive headfirst into traditional folk instrumentation with this killer Ibanez banjo. Mahogany construction and a Remo head give this banjo a solid pro sound.
Protect your investment in this Gator acoustic guitar gig bag. Its heavy-duty interior padding will keep your treasured guitar safe throughout your travels.
Designed to dock with 101 and Block Series amplifiers, the BlockDock 12HD cabinet features 300 watts of power handling via a Celestion BN12-300s 12" driver.
Perfectly pair up your Jubilee head with this matching 2x12" cabinet. Featuring a pair of 70-watt Celestion G12 speakers, this cab can handle most amp heads.
A replica of a 1956 Les Paul Standard, this Custom shop VOS model evokes the year Gibson refined the Goldtop with an adjustable bridge and stopbar tailpiece.
This Limited Edition J-45 EC updates Gibson's perennial go-to acoustic with a cutaway for better upper-fret access an LR Baggs Element VTC electronics.
Protect your Gibson or Epi SG from the rigors of the road with this heavy-duty hard case. It's built with an ABS exterior and a protective foam interior.
Trigger infinite sustain by "exciting" your strings! TC's Aeon is a handheld sustainer that grants you access to bow-like effects, drones and much more.
With its European spruce top, raised ebony fingerboard, and Indian rosewood back and sides, each note you pluck on this hand-crafted beauty sings.
With 3W of power, or doubled to 6W stereo with the included mini cab, the FLY 3 is a great practice tool and is also perfectly suited for home audio settings.
Dry weather can wreck your guitar. Ensure your prized axe is always properly humidified with this complete care system and guard against warping or cracks.
Be sure you won't break a string on stage or in the studio. With their steel cores, these Martin Bronze strings resist breakage and preserve sound quality.
Two Celestion Vintage 30s and a closed-back design give the Friedman EXT-212 a rich tone with full bass. Hand-wired in the U.S. for reliable performance.
Step on stage with a flashy KAMI4 and instantly become the star of the show. This rock machine features a signature "Hunter" humbucker and Floyd Rose bridge.
Use this noiseless footswitch to control any compatible Peavey amp's channel selection, distortion, or effects loop -- with the stomp of a switch.
Strum your finest cowboy chords with this all-mahogany guitar. Amplify the instrument's warm midrange tone with the on-board Fishman Sonitone pickup system.
Change your strings in no time, so you can get back to doing what you love -- playing guitar. This string winder also removes bridge pins from your acoustic.
A sturdy aluminum enclosure and rugged switches make this Hosa FSC-385 dual-latching footswitch strong enough to withstand the rigors of heavy gigging.
Improve the tone of your favorite amp with premium Groove Tubes 12AX7 preamp tubes. These high-output valves are vigorously tested for consistent quality.
Designed to fit wide-bodied electric guitars, this case is constructed with durable plywood and features a Tolex PVC covering.
Taking the powerful tone of the Wampler Pinnacle and adding a few key control features, the Pinnacle Deluxe is a great choice for gigging guitarists.
Tin-plated, high-carbon steel cores make these precision-wound nickel Power Slinky strings the perfect choice for bassists seeking rich, balanced tone.
Play faster, while also enjoying an expanded tonal range, with the Ibanez RG450M, which features a thin Wizard III neck and a 24-fret, two-octave fretboard.
Bring out the best of your guitar and amp sound with the MXR Sugar Drive, based on a rare circuit that increases overall headroom with uncolored boost.
With Ernie Ball's signature "Slinky" feel and punchy tone, these strings will give your 5-string bass an aggressive, snappy attack that cuts through the mix.
Route one signal between two amps or amp channels or route two signals into the same amp with this A/B-Y Switch Pedal.
Featuring an Engelmann spruce top coupled with dense striped ebony back and sides, this Breedlove Exotic Concert CE booms with a profound bass response.
Stage and studio ready, this rackmount amp pumps out 600 watts of pure tone. Model your favorite amp or download from hundreds of models from the ToneCloud.
For perfect balance from string to string, look no further than this affordable Fishman pickup. It needs no batteries to operate.
Never again should you sweat a dropped pick. This mic stand and pick holder is a must for all performing guitarists.
Water resistant, densely padded and reinforced with a rubber bottom, the Pro Series guitar bag will keep your acoustic safe while you travel between gigs.
Thanks to its molded, non-slip construction, the Max Grip III pick is ideal for jazz guitarists who employ a fast, dexterous playing style.
Protect your Marshall amp and keep it in top shape. This amp cover is made of weather-resistant vinyl and fits all full-sized Marshall heads.
With its guitar-sized neck, guitar tuning, and DMT Design humbucker, the 6-string Dean Backwoods 6 electric banjo plays just like an electric guitar.
Play a truly unique instrument. The Yamaha GL1 Guitalele combines a ukulele with the full 6-strings of a standard guitar.
Perfect for beginning students, the Yamaha CGS102AII is a half-scale version of a traditional classical guitar, making it ideal for classroom and lesson use.
Whether you're on stage, in the studio or playing for fun, these phosphor bronze acoustic guitar strings offer maximum life and an unmatched bright tone.
Make your tone explode on stage with the GS-212VR. Loaded with a pair of Celestion Vintage 30s, this cab is rated at 120 watts and ready to melt some faces.
These light gauge strings from D'Addario are wound with flattened stainless steel wire for a mellow tone and tighter tension, perfect for jazz.
Bring the fuzz of the 60s and 70s back with this fuzz pedal. It comes with 3 different sound modes for classic fuzz, grunge and gain boost.
This left-handed Martin D-15M StreetMaster leaves nothing to be desired with its beautifully distressed satin burst finish and all-mahogany construction.

Grip your picks with ease with these rubber grip picks from Ibanez. The picks feature the Ibanez logo on the front and Steve Vai on the back and are a must for any Vai fan.
Fingerpick or strum with lively, balanced tone from this Guild OM-240CE. An arched back design lends projection and sustain, aided by an AP-1 pickup system.
You need a heavy-duty strap for a heavy-duty guitar. This 3-inch nylon ClipLock strap is perfect for bass guitars and other heavy instruments.
Celebrate 50 years of The Beatles' classic animated film! With their cool psychedelic art, these picks make sure you get lost in the deep seas of sweet tone.
These light gauge strings from D'Addario have polished ribbon wire for an amazingly smooth surface and rich tone, perfect for R&B and Jazz.
Take the familiar jangle of a Filter'Tron from the early days of rock 'n' roll, then add a bit more body and bite. That's the TV Jones Classic Plus!
Want killer tone? These speakers are great for getting crunchy tone without being too loud -- perfect for a bedroom or studio speaker rig.
With a full, room-filling sound to match its rounded body, the left-handed Gibson 2019 J-45 Studio acoustic-electric guitar is a pleasure to play and hear.
Designed in collaboration with Buzz Feiten, this 212 cabinet is loaded with a pair of Warehouse ET65 speakers and weighs in at a lightweight 42 pounds.
Everything great about '80s metal gets updated for modern times with the Pro Mod San Dimas Style 2 HH FR -- a high-performance electric for high-gain styles.
Win the finger race with this string lubricant. Finger Ease will speed up your finger work while reducing finger soreness.
Perfectly sync up your tremolo to a song's tempo for perfect rhythm. The bypass switch doubles as the tap tempo, which can be split into many subdivisions.
It's simple to play the harmonica and another instrument at the same time with this comfortable and adjustable harmonica holder.
Get some onstage monitoring while using an amp modeler with the Friedman ASM10. Its compact size and full-range tone make it perfect for modeler-based rigs.
Bronze strings are known for their bright tone and durability, and these D'Addario acoustic strings are no exception.
Show off your individuality with this beautiful Buckeye Burl Axis Super Sport. A roasted maple maple neck and blacked-out hardware show you mean business.
Get a beautiful and versatile sweep when you install this Mojotone Vintage Taper 500k CTS potentiometer in your favorite guitar, thanks to its 30% taper.
Packed with silicon fuzz tones perfect for creating your own legendary sound, The Fender Pelt Fuzz is a satisfyingly versatile take on the classic effect.
Built to mimic every detail of EVH's original black-and-white axe, the '78 Eruption Relic features a distressed finish and a single Frankenstein humbucker.
Wear your ukulele with pride. Simply loop this strap around your neck and under the uke, hook the hook in the sound-hole, and your ukulele is gig-ready.
Southpaws are not forgotten! The left-handed Gibson 2019 Les Paul Standard boasts all the classic Les Paul tone you love with improved modern performance.
Prepare yourself for your next broken string with these individually wrapped strings from D'Addario's XL Series.
Nickel-wound and available in a variety of gauges, D'Addario EXL Strings are ready to cover any genre or tuning with excellent tone and durability.
From flamenco to traditional classical tunes, the GA30's tone inspires you to keep playing. With its lively spruce top, this guitar is perfect for beginners.
Fender bends reality with this killer Strat/Tele hybrid Parallel Universe model. A trio of Custom Shop ‘69 Aged Strat pickups deliver clear, vintage tone.
Looking for a new guitar strap? With an adjustable length of up to 60", this sturdy leather strap will fit you comfortably.
Experience the chime and full-sound of a 12-string guitar at a price you can afford. The all-mahogany body construction produces a present midrange sound.
Run your guitar head through the right kind of cab. The IRT412 is ready to rock with four HH Custom-designed speakers.
Meant to be an "always on" overdrive, the Dirty Little Secret channels Marshall Super Lead and Super Bass voicing to disguise your amp as a British stack.
With up to 36.75" of scale length, this NYXL string set from D'Addario can accommodate the expanded dynamic range and harmonic response of 5-string basses.
Protect your guitar and keep all of your accessories organized. Featuring a plush interior and 3 accessory pockets, this bag will keep you going gig to gig.
This durable case is designed to fit semi-acoustic guitars and prevent dings and scratches.
Finding a case to fit your hollowbody guitar can be tough -- this hardshell case is a perfect fit for your D'Angelico EXL1 or 59 model archtop guitar.
Get the exact tones you hear from Herman Li on the stage and on DragonForce recordings with this flame-maple-topped Ibanez -- built to Li's exacting specs.
Based off the legendary red fuzz Jimi Hendrix used at Woodstock, the Dunlop FFM6 generates the searing fuzz that changed the course of rock music.
Distinctively bright without sounding clangy, the balanced tone of the nickel-plated light-gauge XL strings has made them the player's choice.
Get swept away into vintage heaven with this gorgeous Gretsch. The dynamic High Sensitive Filter'Trons faithfully reproduce all the nuances in your playing.
The beautiful korina body on this Mustaine signature hides how aggressive this axe really is. A pair of Seymour Duncan active 'buckers completes the package.
Looking like a shredder's delight, the Vorson FLPUK-2 Flame Maple electric ukulele is more than just eye candy -- it delivers snappy electric uke tone.
Crafted from a lightweight alloy, Graphtech's ResoMax NW2 is a replacement wraparound tailpiece loaded with String Saver saddles to reduce string breakage.
Use this EHX volume pedal to easily add dynamics to your playing, and free your hands from your guitar's volume knob to concentrate on melting the fretboard.
This multi-function foot controller is perfect for accessing all 36 patches of the ID:CORE series and will fit any pedalboard thanks to its compact design.
Everybody needs a small-body guitar, and this model from Luna is a heck of a bargain. The all-mahogany construction adds warmth to the guitar's overall tone.
Playing speedy licks? These picks come in Dunlop's sleek Jazz III shape and are constructed with the familiar feel of Tortex, to give you greater control.
This Hawaiian-inspired ukelele bears an intricate lizard and leaf ornamentation across its mahogany top. Its rosewood bridge helps promote resonance.
Plug in and be amazed at the high-dollar sound that comes from this incredibly affordable nylon-string acoustic guitar.
Install these nylon strings on your classical guitar in no time thanks to the ball ends. The nylon strings produce a smooth high end with a percussive tone.
Get pure, face-melting Marshall tone from this JCM800 reissue. Its four EL34 tubes bring plenty of power and that signature Marshall crunch.
Customize your wah effect with this pedal. It features volume control and Q control, which varies the intensity of the wah effect.
With cedar and mahogany construction, LR Baggs electronics and a cutaway for access to all 20 frets, this Pursuit Concert Nylon CE is an incredible value.
Pick up the Charvel Pro-Mod So-Cal Style 1 HH FR M, and you'll get rockin' features like Seymour Duncan TB-6 and SH-6N pickups and a Floyd Rose tremolo.
The proprietary material in Graph Tech's String Saver saddles help strings resist breakage and dampen frequencies around 2 kHz to add other highs and mids.
These USA-made premium acoustic strings use an aluminum oxide wrap wire to deepen lows, brighten highs, and resist corrosion for a longer-lasting string.
This Epiphone Les Paul Standard rocks it southpaw. Get that Les Paul tone and style, from the Grover tuners to the maple top to the Tune-o-Matic bridge.
Get full control over your Darkglass Microtubes 900 at your feet with this straightforward 4-button footswitch with buttons for clean, VMT, B3K and mute.
Vox calls this the "ultimate amp." Painstakingly hand-wired, this AC15 creates a unique sonic experience with its all-tube preamp, power amp, and rectifier.
This versatile two-channel amp features an adjustable boost to let you manage the massive sounds the 6V6 tubes create.
With six loops, 100 preset effect combinations, and a single-button master bypass, the One Control Agamidae is a compact and capable loop switcher pedal.
Dig deep into sub-octave territory with the Octave Multiplexer by generating bass tones one octave below your notes with smoothing filters and a sub switch.
With 8 delay types and exclusive Dynamic Expression modulation, the Seymour Duncan Andromeda Digital Delay opens up new possibilities for live guitar sounds.
The active pickup of choice for extreme lead guitarists! With a rail magnet, the EMG 81 offers high output and low impedance for consistent, cutting tone.
Whether you like your strings tight, or play in a lower tuning, these Slinkys are perfect for the job. The thicker strings create a strong, powerful tone.
Crank out the gnarly fuzz tones Hendrix made famous with the Authentic Hendrix Fuzz Face. Re-housed in a smaller box, this pedal fits perfectly on any board.
Get your feedback problem in-check with this Feedback Buster. Simply place it in the soundhole of your acoustic guitar and proceed with a feedback-free show!
Install this pickup for incredibly responsive tone. The alnico 5 magnet provides super high output, perfect for aggressive rhythm playing and sizzling leads.
This Lutz spruce-topped 12-fret 712e is the perfect parlor guitar with a beautiful Douglas fir rosette, performance bracing and Taylor ES2 electronics.
The Seymour Duncan SH13 Dimebucker pickup may not make you play like Dimebag Darrell, but it will get you his signature metal tone.
Whether just starting out or simply looking for an affordable travel guitar, Ibanez's 3/4-size GA2 nylon-string is a great value you'll value greatly.
You bought a 7-string to expand your sound. Expand it even further with these nickel wound, regular light D'Addario EXL110-7 XL electric guitar strings.
With a precise frequency control and ample output, the EQuator can help bring life to your rig, tame a harsh room or alter the character of unruly pedals.
Plug into this AC15CH amp head and get that classic Vox tone out of any cabinet. Select from 1/6, 1.5, or the full 15 watts for amazing tone at any volume.
Looking for a versatile range of British-style overdrive tones? The Laney LA30BL head delivers in spades, with rich harmonics and a responsive EQ section.
Recapture the classic sound only Gibson's "Patent Applied For" humbuckers from the 1950s could produce, with the medium-output BurstBucker Type 2 pickup.
The Guild S-200 T-Bird features the same striking body shape as the original with stripped-down controls and the added reliability of a stopbar tailpiece.
With Shawbucker pickups, narrow-tall frets, and Jazzmaster knobs, the Fender Parallel Universe Troublemaker Tele Deluxe breaks the mold in a very cool way.
If you need a compact, portable cab without sacrificing power, you need the Rebel-112X. It's the perfect companion to the Rebel-20 head.
With its specialized hydrophilic sponge, the D'Addario Humidifier Pro can hold up to 12x its weight in water. Guard your guitar against cracks and warping!
Safely store and transport your Reverend solid-body guitar in style with this multi-ply, hand-laminated, soft plush-lined premium teardrop hardshell case.
A great fit for pedalboards featuring just a few essential effects, the Voodoo Lab Pedal Power X4 provides clean isolated power to up to four pedals.
The final year of the original run of Les Paul Standards is commemorated in this '60 VOS model, complete with slim neck profile and reflector knobs.
Get the AC30's jangly cleans and focused overdrive you love in a head. The Reactive Attenuator optimizes the amp and speaker interaction for any volume.
This guitar stand securely holds guitars, basses and other string instruments allowing you to switch quickly between songs.
The essential volume pedal for your Hammond XK-1 keyboard, the Hammond EXP20 expression pedal plugs into your XK-1 with a standard 1/4" jack.
The compact Olympic archtop yields classic, punchy tone whether you play acoustically or plug in via its Shadow pickup and eSonic preamp system.
This hard case has been molded to fit all 6-string Gibson and Epiphone SG guitars. It features a polyethylene outer shell EPS interior foam.
Get the feel of a tube amp without the maintenance. Weighing in at just four pounds, the TB201 head is powerful enough to stack up against the loudest amps.
Turn on the Interstellar Orbiter and launch yourself right to funk town. Experiment with the dual resonant filters to create multitudes of oscillating tones.
Solidly built from aluminum, with rubber feet and soft foam padding, the On-Stage GS7364 collapsible A-frame guitar stand is trustworthy and easy to use.
A unique link construction gives this guitar strap a raw, distinctive look, and also adds elasticity, which is great for highly active players.
Designed for young players, this quarter-size Cordoba Protege is specifically designed to be comfortable for aspiring guitarists with small hands and bodies.
The Yamaha A1R is designed for any guitarist looking for a reliable great sounding instrument and features a cutting edge SRT piezo/pickup.
Made from recycled seatbelts and other salvaged materials, Souldier offers a creative take on the standard strap. Choose from a number of stunning designs.
Easily switch between the legendary tone of the Super Lead and Super Bass amps with this compact pedal -- and get the crunch that shaped rock and roll!
With enough outputs to power up to 16 individual pedals, the MXR MC403 can accommodate the most indulgent rigs. Rackmount it, or install on your pedalboard.
A 3/4-size dreadnought, the Luna Safari Bamboo Travel acoustic is a lightweight, fun guitar with a surprisingly full sound for its size. Includes gig bag.
Resurrect the classic wah-wah sound of the late '60s and '70s with the Vox V847A wah pedal -- it delivers the same growl used by the era's rock gods.
Travel the world with this "guitarlele" tuned to standard ukulele and mandolin tuning. Its onboard SMD active electronics let you plug in wherever you may be.
For seriously demanding riffage, try the Jackson HT6 Chris Broderick Soloist electric -- its stable construction lets you stay in tune while creating mayhem.
A Hagstrom legend, the Viking delivers lightning-fast playability and bright, forward tone by way of an H-Expander truss rod and all-maple body construction.
Pick up this Strat and prepare yourself for some high-octane rock and roll. A large '70s-style headstock and Twin Head Vintage humbucker provide extra mojo.
The compact Corona Mini pedal is packed with lush and shimmering chorus, and is Tone Print sharing enabled and Beam compatible for wireless swapping.
While it may be Martin's smallest guitar, the LX1E Little Martin offers big tone via its solid Sitka spruce and mahogany high-pressure laminate construction.
Protect your AC10 or Talman guitars with this hard-shell case, designed specifically to fit these unique Ibanez designs.
This guitar case isn't quite a hard-shell and it isn't quite a gig bag. The interior is made of dense EPS foam and covered in a soft plush for both durability and comfort.
Take three guitars with you on stage! The stable D&A Hydra uses a patented headlock system that will keep your guitars safely in place.
Rock the crowd and then roll away into the night. Each amp caster features an amp cabinet receptacle and four screws.
Combining ceramic magnets and hot coils, this pickup delivers a bright, powerful tone. It also cancels out hums and unwanted noise.
Get real vacuum tube warmth, on-board effects, a microphone input, and more with the Vox VX50AG -- a fully-equipped amp for acoustic guitarists and singers.
Crafted in Southern California, these custom gauge Super Slinky bass strings are wound with nickel-plated steel and are ideal for any 4-string bass guitar.
Nail Marty Friedman's tone by popping these EMGs into your axe. These passive pickups are bundled with 500k volume and tone pots and stereo output jack.
Looking for a guitar strap with a little personality? This beautiful jacquard weave strap has a colorful, folk-patterned design.
With a cutaway to access its highest frets and a discreet under saddle pickup, this Performance dreadnought caters to players who like to take the lead.
Operate the PX-8 in standalone mode to control 8 isolated loops, or create your own custom presets to make a powerful multi-effects system out of your board.
A luxurious velvet interior and classy gold hardware make a guitar case befitting your gorgeous Taylor Grand Auditorium acoustic.
Rock 'n' roll isn't just for electric guitars. Add some flair to your ukulele playing and turn some heads with this extreme-shaped instrument.
Made from soft, elegant suede, this guitar strap features the familiar Paul Reed Smith signature on the front for an added touch of distinction.
Add some whimsy to your stage shows with this pineapple-shaped soprano uke. The instrument's all-mahogany construction adds warmth to the overall sound.
Featuring form-fitting foam padding, a water resistant outer lining and a polyester inner lining, this cover will dutifully protect your Line 6 PowerCab 112.
Just like the original, but with an open-front design and slightly higher elevation angle, this Pedaltrain Classic 1 also includes a soft case.
Hang your electric, acoustic, and bass guitars from their headstocks with the On-Stage GS7355 stand.
Add some high output to your 7-string. An oversized ceramic magnet creates brutally aggressive tone that's tailor made for drop-tunings, especially Bb and F#.
The RG470MB continues a proud metal legacy with its fast-playing Wizard III maple neck, Quantum pickups in HSH configuration and locking tremolo.
This easy-to-use foot controller for the 45000 looper frees your hands from having to select tracks, cycle through loops, and toggle recording and playback.
Rock a range of tones with the coil-tappable Alnico Classic PRO pickups in the G400 PRO left-handed guitar. Its SlimTaper "D" profile neck is made for speed.
Lock it down! The Floyd Rose bridge and reinforced neck of the Pro-Mod San Dimas Style 1 HH ensure that no tuning inaccuracy gets in the way of your playing.
Become the king or queen of dirt with Sovereign, a fully tweakable distortion with two gain stages, mid contour and switches for brightness and tone control.
Add a touch of class to your stage presence with the matte black Redondo Special. Fender and Fishman-designed electronics help you sound your best anywhere.
Great for crowded pedalboards, this vertically oriented version of the Fuzz Factory features the same five knobs as the original with side-mounted jacks.
Complete with an effects loop, on-board reverb, and a speaker-emulating XLR DI output, the Bassbreaker 15 is a powerhouse both on stage and in the studio.
Made of matte Delrin for a smooth yet grippable feel and featuring beveled edges for less drag, Ernie Ball Prodigy picks are perfect for shredders.
Pushing 40 watts with two 6L6 power tubes, the super-versatile Egnater Tweaker 112 combo amp gives you two channels with tons of tone-shaping options.
The amPlug 2 Clean gives you lush, vintage-style cleans complete with on-board chorus, reverb and delay. Just plug in your headphones and rock out anywhere!
Powered by 200 super-clean watts, the Acoustic Pro cranks out full, balanced tone. The curved cabinet looks incredible and provides superior projection.
Play with a pick that's as tough as your music. Dunlop's Ultex picks are virtually indestructible yet practically weightless.
Worth a second look (and a third), the D'Angelico Premier Ludlow has an eye-catching offset body that enables high fret reach and strong mid-range resonance.
A perfect complement to the Boss Katana head, this 2x12" speaker cabinet looks as good as it sounds. Two custom speakers handle up to 150 watts of power.
Co-developed with Paul Franklin, this powerful 12" speaker offers complete tonal balance and attack sensitivity with plenty of headroom, warmth and clarity.
The NS Micro tuner's bright display makes it easy to read, while its small size and extra-sensitive piezo pickup keep tuning a secret from your audience.
From the weave pattern to the concho, these rugged leather straps perfectly embody the American Southwest. Choose from black, chocolate, or gold.
Explore the sounds of classic rock and roll with a set of these Ernie Balls. With a wrap made from pure nickel, these strings produce a rich, vintage tone.
Become a true Country Gentleman with this Gretsch G-6122. High Sensitive Filter'Tron pickups and a Bigsby vibrato serve up an all-you-can-eat twang buffet.
Need a new strap? Slip this leather guitar strap over your shoulder, and you'll not only be stylish, but also comfortable.
A fantastic, budget-friendly Momentum is great for any situation. The cedar top and wild cherry back and sides project an organic, balanced character.
Combine Super and Regular Slinkys with this hybrid set. An upgrade on the classic Slinky, Ernie Ball's Cobalt series delivers a hotter, clearer output.
Give your AlleyKat guitar the house cat treatment with this high quality hard case with interior padding.
The Planet Waves Eclipse tuner clips directly on to your headstock and provides easy-to-read results -- making tuning fast and easy.
Start rocking for real with a Schecter Demon 6 -- its active pickups, thin neck profile, and contoured body shape will take your shredding to the next level.
Add some funk to your playing with this pedal. It features an effects loop, which allows you to add additional effects.
Hang your favorite guitar in all its horizontal glory with this String Swing holder. Its minimal design securely cradles left- or right-handed axes.
Small in size -- but not in power -- the Pedaltrain Spark power supply features an innovative mounting system and five isolated outputs totaling 1300 mA.
The Newporter's mid-size body offers a balanced tone while staying comfortable to play. The Fender and Fishman-designed electronics sound great in any venue.
Shred with thick, tube-like distortion and sustain. This distortion pedal features 3-band EQ and level controls.
Martin 80/20 ball-end bronze classical acoustic strings have a bright sound with great tuning stability, and they make stringing up your guitar easy.
Open up a box full of tonal colors. With an open frequency range and dedicated bass/treble controls, the Crayon is an alternative to mid-focused overdrives.
With their incredibly high output, Seymour Duncan Nazgul pickups are perfect for players that need extreme overdrive while maintaining clear articulation.
Speed and playability are what Ibanez had in mind for the S621QM. With a Wizard III neck, mahogany body, and Quantum pickups, you are now ready to shred.
These hand-made bass strings shine all the way down to "B." Nickel-wound for bright, balanced tone, DR Hi-Beam strings' round core increases flexibility.
Gator Grip picks provide the most non-slip pick surface available. They come in a pack of 12 picks and your choice of gauges.
Fall in love with the timeless sound and feel of a vintage Tele. This Classic Series '50s model features a gorgeous burst finish with nitrocellulose lacquer.
Get instant access to the unique characteristics of 6V6, 6L6, EL84, and EL34 output tube sections with the Tube Logic technology of this Boss Nextone Artist.
With a midrange designed specifically for B and F# string definition, the 7-string Nazgul humbucker set delivers harmonically rich gain and searing attack.
Accurately recreate the sound of a Silvertone 1484 with the Twin Twelve. Use the Clean and Dirty circuits to go from pristine to total harmonic saturation.
Pollinate your tone with the buzzy fuzz of the '60s. The transistor-based JHS Pollinator V2 Germanium fuzz pedal lets you bee modern while sounding vintage.
This vintage-sounding Eminence speaker was designed in collaboration with amp guru George Alessandro. The result: an unmistakably punchy and musical speaker.
This version of the shredder-approved Dunlop Tortex III Jazz pick offers the same precision grip and bright tone of the original in a slightly larger shape.
Fit up to three electric guitars and one acoustic guitar on the K&M Guardian 3 Plus 1 stand. Cushioned pads keep gear secure and help prevent scratches.
Take control over your sound. Along with a pair of Vistatones, the Martinique Deluxe has a piezo in the bridge, with volume/tone controls for each pickup.
Having played with Alice Cooper since 2014, Nita Strauss knows a thing or two about shredding. Tap into her unique signature sound with this Ibanez JIVA10.
Get low with this long-scale baritone acoustic guitar. Alvarez YB70's efficient direct-coupled ebony bridge plate offers lively, vibrant, responsive tone.
This warm, small-bodied Orchestra guitar is comprised almost entirely of mahogany and features onboard Fishman Aura VT Enhance electronics and a hard case.
Lost your toggle switch cap? Screw this replacement on, and get a grip on your pickup switch. It's a genuine Gibson replacement, built to match your guitar.
Created in the spirit of early Epiphone Masterbilt mandolins, this MM40L features a solid spruce top, solid maple body and an aged vintage sunburst finish.
The name says it all. Crafted by the MXR Custom Badass Team, MXR's dynamic Super Badass Distortion pedal runs the gamut of modern high-gain tones.
Pay tribute to legendary Hawaiian musician Israel Kamakawiwo'ole with this Martin tenor uke, crafted from mahogany with a headstock decorated in Iz's honor.
Not only can this Luna ukulele teach you how to say "peace" in several languages, its flat radius rosewood fretboard also makes it great to play!
The Fishman NeoBuster produces a warm, full sound while also greatly reducing hum and unwanted interference. A neodymium magnet provides exceptional balance.
Create anything from slow, lush phasing to fast warbles with the Grand Orbiter V3. Switch the pedal over to vibrato mode for a familiar old-school effect.
A pinnacle of high-tech luthier perfectionism, the Ibanez Martin Miller MM1 electric guitar is designed for rock-solid playability, and clarity of tone.
Designed in the tradition of Martin's beloved all-mahogany guitars, the DX2MAE dreadnought acoustic exhibits naturally bass-heavy tone and loud projection.
Put a fresh set of Darco strings on your acoustic to really maximize its tone. The 80/20 bronze alloy in these strings brightens up even the warmest guitars.
This 16 oz. bottle of guitar polish and cleaner is perfect for keeping a room full of guitars clean. It's a must for any guitar tech, repair shop, or guitar store use.
Thanks to their nickel-alloy blend, Martin's Retro Monel strings quickly mellow and adjust to your guitar's tonality for a warm, lively tone.
A faithful imitation of the Echoplex EP-3, the Belle Epoch mimics the mechanical irregularities, lo-fi tone and doppler effects of the original tape unit.
Show off the stunning beauty of the roasted figured maple neck and fingerboard with this killer StingRay. A pair of custom humbuckers produces a thick tone.
Wear your guitar or bass comfortably with this 3.5" leather guitar strap from Levy's. Constructed from quality leather, it's adjustable from 36 to 52 inches.
Electrify your audience with the Dimebag Dean From Hell CFH. This axe features powerful pickups and a Floyd Rose tremolo system.
Light on top and heavy on the bottom, these nickel wound D'Addario EXL140 electric guitar strings are optimized for standard and drop tuning.
With easy tri-glide adjustment and slip-resistant backing, Levy's M8HT strap works for you -- not against you -- to make guitar playing easy and enjoyable.
Wind up your favorite 5-string bass with this set of Ernie Ball Super Slinky strings. A nickel-plated wrap on a steel core promotes top tone and long life.
Once you hear the Space Spiral, you may never want to come back down to Earth! Experience modulated reverb powered by a wonderfully dark 30-600ms of delay.
The most radical guitar design from the 1950s is still ready for action in 2019! The classic model is complemented by powerful Burstbucker 2 and 3 pickups.
This 712ce's heritage fretboard inlays add some elegant flair, while Taylor Expression 2 electronics give you a transparent sound when you need more volume.
The HZ1 is Snark's toughest tuner yet, featuring an unbreakable clamp. And with Hertz tuning showing your exact pitch, it's incredibly accurate.
Based on the famous Klon circuit, the Archer Clean dials back on diode usage, giving it very little gain, for an impeccable Klon-like midrange clean boost.
This hardshell case is designed to fit most classical guitars. It features steel feet with rubber gaskets to prevent impact damage.
Give your short-scale bass more punch and a clearer tone with the these light strings from D'Addario.
Give your distortion some kick or push your tube amp into supersaturation with the Arrows. Use the pedal with your neck pickup to increase overall clarity.
Get excellent tuning stability, corrosion resistance and playability for your go-to acoustic with these Martin Authentic SP Phosphor Bronze acoustic strings.
Take this parlor-sized guitar to the stage, and you can expect nothing but big sound thanks to its BBand SYS550 preamp with built-in tuner.
Crafted at the ESP factory in Tokyo, Japan, this ESP E-II Horizon provides uncompromised tone, feel and reliability -- and looks stunning while doing it.
Get all the power you need from this adapter to get your Univibe, Rockman, and Dunlop pedals up and running.
Combining with the resonant tone of beautiful koa back and sides and Taylor's V-Class bracing, the K14ceV benefits from enhanced sustain and powerful volume.
Pick up this guitar to perfectly produce the classic jangle of a 12-string. Get that vintage sound without the wait thanks to the guitar's baked spruce top.
A Snark you can stomp on! Snark's SN10S puts their tuning technology into a pedal format, with a bold EZ Read display and true bypass for uncolored tone.
A fresh take on a classic model, this S2 Custom 24 electric features a stripped-down design for a bold, simple axe with Paul Reed Smith's elegant aesthetic.
This ukulele pays tribute to Hokusaki's famous woodblock print with this ukulele that's sure to make waves in any setting.
Give your guitar tone a modern boost with the bold, American-voiced Celestion A-Type speaker. It's made to specialize in heavy riffs and ripping solos.
Employing Virtual Element Technology modeling circuits, the Vox VX I faithfully mimics classic amp tone with 11 amp models, 22 presets, and 8 built-in effects.
This short-scale acoustic guitar's "blues box" design evokes the 1930s -- but its Fishman Sonitone preamp and Sonicore pickup are ready for the modern stage.
Big, bold and punchy, yet housed in a small pedal, the Way Huge Mini Overrated Special brings electrifying overdrive perfect for pushing an amp into nirvana.
Take a trip in the rock 'n' roll time machine with these Ernie Ball strings. A pure nickel wrap wire produces a warm tone just like strings from yesteryear.
Take your technical playing to the next level with Dunlop's Nylon Jazz III picks. These picks are easy to grip and feature a sharp tip.
Many players rely on true bypass pedals, but they can suck treble away if lots of pedals and cables are used. Use the Bonafide buffer to recharge your tone.
Designed by the inventor of humbuckers himself, Seth Lover, this SH-55 set is true to 1955 specs and comes un-wax-potted, with vintage-style conductor cables.
Stop taking chances with your Mutron pedal and pick up this optional power supply. By eliminating batteries, this thing practically pays for itself!
Add some animation and sparkle to your tone with MXR's M134 chorus pedal. Dial in Rate and Width, then crank the Intensity knob to adjust the overall level.
This parlor-sized steel-string offers vintage looks, easy playability, and snappy tones for a wide range of guitarists.
Get the bold tone, attack and dynamics made famous by Keith Merrow's playing with this custom Fishman Fluence neck and bridge active humbucker pickup set.
Get classic humbucker depth, single-coil snap, plus sounds you didn't even know existed before, with the Fishman Open Core Fluence Classic humbucker.
Get bright, stainless tone, deep lows and an extended lifespan from this long scale Elixir Nanoweb stainless steel 5-string electric bass string set.
Perfectly pre-wired with no required soldering, this Mojotone 58 Quiet Coil pre-wired pickguard makes modding your favorite Stratocaster a walk in the park.
Introduce that famous Boss durability and sound to your acoustic playing. This 2-channel combo features lush on-board effects like reverb, delay, and chorus.
Southpaws, feast your eyes on this gorgeous koa-topped 224ce Deluxe! The beautiful solid koa top has a sparkly tone that grows richer and smoother with age.
Put an end to feedback with this sound-hole plug for your acoustic electric guitar. It fits most standard acoustic guitar sound-holes.
Roundwound with nickel-plated steel, these strings deliver the classic Ernie Ball Slinky tone for bassists that prefer a thicker-gauge string.
This simple 2-inch guitar strap is made from durable, black poly-webbing and sports an embroidered Jackson logo.
Made with maple, paddock and sheesham woods, the Clayton Alaia Wood picks have a unique, tri-color look and sturdy feel.
Take total control of your sound with the MX112R speaker cabinet. A 16 ohm Celestion Seventy/Eighty speaker handles up to 80 watts of face-melting power.
Expand your pick collection with these exotic options from Clayton. Different materials offer different tones and playability.
The combination of a 12-fret neck, 00-sized rosewood body and arched back results in magical delta tone from this mojo-filled, hand-crafted Alvarez Blues 51E.
Want a whole lotta tone? These humbuckers are styled after the legendary PAF pickups found in the classic Gibson models that shapped the sound of rock.
Give your fretboard the care it deserves with F-ONE Fretboard Oil Cleaner. Using only 100% natural oils, this cleaner revives fingerboards safely.
Designed to mimic vintage 1950-51 Broadcaster Telecaster pickups, these Mojotone clones beautifully replicate their output -- without the 60-cycle hum.
Celebrate Les Paul's 100th birthday with this killer LP Custom. Recreate that classic PAF tone with Epiphone's acclaimed ProBucker pickups with coil taps.
The Feather XL pedalboard provides an extra six inches in length beyond its smaller counterpart and comes with a 12"X24" gig back for cable storage room.
The Planet Waves NS Micro clips to your headstock, keeping it out of the audience's sight. It's the perfect tuner for performers.
Add versatility to your existing TriplePlay pickup. Plug the TriplePlay FC-1 into any MIDI sound module or keyboard to take control over a variety of sounds.
These guitar picks give you the classic tone and playability of celluloid paired with the iconic Fender 351 shape -- packed in a re-sealable clamshell case.
With a bag, tuner, strap, picks, and cleaning cloth included, the RF26SSBAGP starter pack has everything you need, including a smooth-playing Alvarez guitar!
Hear the natural vibration of your strings and get organic sustain from these Alnico 2 pickups. Their warm, moderate output is perfect for an array of genres.
Get all the perks of having a real tuber without paying tube price. This amp perfectly emulates the warmth and grit of a tube amp.
Need a smaller guitar for travel or a young or beginner player? The Luna Aurora 3/4-size acoustic has a distinctive visual style and an easy playing feel.
This rugged and highly playable set of blues harps comes with the keys of A, Bb, C, D, E, F and G and is packed in a durable carrying case.
Awesome for vintage-style slapback echo, chaotic feedback loops, and more, the Way Huge Aqua Puss delay sounds thick and rich no matter how you set it.
Modify your humbucker-equipped guitar with these killer P90s. Get that biting midrange sound out of these single-coil pickups made with alnico 2 magnets.
With a Floyd Rose bridge, a locking nut, Diamond active pickups, and classic Schecter body design, the Demon 6 FR is a lot of guitar for a little price.
Supercharge your sound with the dual parametric EQs of the Two Stroke! Engage up to 12 dB of boost to smash the front end of your tube amp for roaring tone.
Whether you need to rappel down a steep cliff face or play the greatest metal show ever, Ernie Ball Paradigm Slinkys hold fast under the toughest conditions.
Laminate koa gives the back and sides of this Breedlove Pursuit Exotic Concert ESS a unique look while also contributing low-end warmth and high-end sparkle.
Built from solid Honduran mahogany that's been seasoned for a minimum of 40 years, this Alvarez Yairi FYM66HD Masterworks acoustic is highly responsive.
Lightweight and affordable, the Electro-Harmonix Wailer Wah delivers the same Crying Tone Wah sound in a more traditional rack-and-pinion-style enclosure.
Create decadent trails of ethereal plate reverb, or switch to short length for a more subtle ambiance -- the Levitation will take you where you want to go.
Capture tones found on the Palisades with the pedalboard-friendly Dunes. Select from three different voices to tailor the tone on this souped-up screamer.
With a special blend of orange, jojoba, and linseed oils, Ernie Ball Wonder Wipes leave your guitar's fretboard clean and well nourished.
Experience D'Addario's lightest gauge flatwounds with this set of ECG23 XL Chromes, ideal for jazz and R&B thanks to their dampened, but tone-rich sound.
This pedal replicates the tones of some of the best fuzz pedals of the past. It's perfect for banging out tunes in the garage.
Easily get that superior live sound with this acoustic guitar pickup. It operates passively and produces clear, rich tones resistant to feedback.
Sixx A.M. guitarist DJ Ashba's signature Schecter features an EMG 81 bridge pickup for searing leads and a Sustainiac neck pickup for unbelievable sustain.
A smooth, set-in neck and warm, balanced, Super 58 pickups make the Ibanez ASV93 Artcore Vintage semi-hollowbody electric guitar a good choice for any genre.
This D-55 stays true to every appointment of its 1968 predecessor, including a AAA Sitka spruce top, solid Indian rosewood back and sides, and nitro finish.
Pick up this 1960s throwback thinline hollowbody, and you'll have a snazzy-looking guitar with a bright, crisp tone that's perfect for playing rock'n'roll.
The EMG ACS pickup mounts directly to your acoustic's soundhole and generates a robust signal while retaining the brilliant top end of your favorite guitar.
Now left-handed players can enjoy the warm, rich tone of the all-mahogany Martin DC-15ME cutaway acoustic-electric -- a variation on Chris Martin's D-15M.
Randy's signature model goes deep with a 7-string version! The RRXT247 features high-output Jackson humbuckers and a compound-radius fretboard for shredding.
Wampler gives you the best of both worlds with the Faux Tape Echo pedal: a digital delay chip for pristine signal, and analog modulation for organic warmth.
Striking looks, high-output humbuckers, a licensed Floyd Rose tremolo and compound radius fretboard -- the Jackson JS32 Kelly demands your best licks.
Install Groove Tubes EL84 tubes in your amp to experience soft overdrive in low-volume settings -- perfect for studio recording sessions!
Tune in to some incredibly psychedelic sounds with this octave fuzz. This dynamic pedal allows you to kick in an octave up with fuzz for some hazy solos.
Ansmann Max E Pro AA rechargeable batteries are meant for your most power-hungry devices, thanks to their high capacity and low self-discharge.
Protect your thin-body acoustic-electric or classical guitar with this hardshell case. It has a plush-lined interior and storage compartment for accessories.
With a single f-hole and a versatile configuration of PRS 58/15 MT and Narrowfield pickups, this limited PRS Special 10-Top is capable of a myriad of tones.
Achieve a bright, true sound with these made-in-the-USA, round wound, nickel-plated steel EXL115 XL -- D'Addario's most popular electric guitar strings.
Keep your prized Taylor -- or other instrument -- looking its best with Taylor spray guitar polish. Simply spray and wipe away!
A mahogany back and sides with an x-braced, thermo-aged spruce top gives this Artwood Vintage AVD11 a wide-open, resonant sound and vivid tonal projection.
This Dunlop variety pack of picks was chosen specifically for acoustic guitarists, giving them options like Tortex, Tortex Flex, Ultex nylon and more!
Prop your axe up on the neck cradle and mat, and give it a proper setup! All the tools you need are here in the D'Addario guitar maintenance kit.
Thermo-aged tonewoods and tortoise shell binding give the Ibanez AVD9CE Artwood Vintage acoustic a truly vintage vibe, amplified by a Fishman Sonicore pickup.
For left-handed rockers and metalheads who want an electric guitar with attitude, attack, and aggression, the Ibanez RG450DXB is a screaming good choice.
A recreation of a popular model from the Hamer custom shop, the Special K electric uses korina wood and P90 pickups to produce a sound that's warm, yet edgy.
Complete with period-correct design quirks and a few modern upgrades, the Guild Jetstar ST electric delivers jangly mini-humbucker tone and retro 1962 style.
Dripping with '60s vibe, this battery-powered guitar amp clips to your belt so you can walk as you rock! Plug into the headphone jack for private practice.
With a combination of nickel-plated phosphor bronze wrapped around a high carbon NY steel core, these strings will bring out the unique tone of any guitar.
Strum out the sounds of the islands with a ukulele anyone can afford! This soprano uke sports a spruce top with mahogany back and sides for a balanced sound.
Featuring on-board Fishman Aura Acoustic Imaging Technology, this Aura Pro pickup system can be professionally installed into your acoustic guitar of choice.
Featuring a pair of GT308V Russian germanium transistors and a 9-position rotary sub switch, the Fuzz Factory 7 Russian Fuzz dishes out commanding low end.
This ukulele literally has peace written all over it, with a unique peace sign sound-hole and the word "Peace" written in different languages on the body.
Adjust the attack speed, sustain, and volume on the Soul Preacher to hit the sweet spot of compression for all your funky rhythm flavors.
Go heavy with this snarling sub-octave fuzz. Choose between one or two octaves below pitch and blend with your dry sound to dial in as much rumble as needed.
Manage channel switching on your Vox AC Custom with this handy footswitch. It's compact enough to fit on any AC owner's pedalboard!
More than just a classic Pro Co Rat distortion, the Fat Rat pedal also allows switching to mosfet/germanium clipping for all kinds of tonal versatility!
Comprised of the optimal string gauges for down-tuning, the Not Even Slinky string set is perfect for guitarists looking to play in drop D and C tunings.
Traveling light? Keep your most important pedals protected on the road with this Pedaltrain Metro 16 board and included tour case.
The name says it all. Get the J Rockett Immortal Echo for vintage-style ethereal echo and delay that lives on forever with controllable, musical repeats.
This electric guitar from Ibanez has the traditional hollow construction to prevent sound blocks in the body.
Perfect for mobile instrumentalists, the Platinum Stage gives high Class-A preamp headroom so you get the lowest distortion and highest fidelity possible.
Fishman electronics beautifully capture every note played on this Breedlove Discovery nylon-string acoustic, complete with a cutaway and mahogany neck.
Protect your Marshall amp from the elements. This weather-resistant black vinyl cover features the Marshall logo in gold.
The deep cutaways on the Gretsch Electromatic Double Jet make the entire rosewood fretboard your rock n' roll playground.
Built with walnut back and sides, the Gibson 2019 L-00 Studio features an LR Baggs VTC pickup for electric/acoustic operation in studio or on stage.
Tear it up with the TE-2 Tera Echo. This next-gen Boss compact pedal delivers deep, expansive echo, with a Freeze function to hold the current effect sound.
Take your playing and sound to the next level with his luxurious 914ce. The comfortable Grand Auditorium shape offers plenty of volume and drips with tone.
Flip the spring-loaded yoke arm and stick your guitar on this stand, let go, and the yoke arm surrounds your guitar's neck for maximum protection.
Perfect for beginners, the MH10 offers comfortable playability and rock-solid tone at a fantastic price. A pair of ESP-designed pickups crank out hot tones.
Pairing the warm tone and flexible feel of nylon with the strength of Tortex, Dunlop's 428 Tortex Flex picks offer ideal feel in a variety of gauges.
Featuring a beveled armrest cut for comfortable play and treble bar bracing for bell-like tone, this Alvarez Cadiz is an ideal guitar for classical players.
Nearly impervious to climate and humidity, the Vorson AUK concert ukulele's plastic body also yields a surprisingly resonant and warm tone.
Hot-rod your Strat with bright, punchy California tone. The SSL1 set includes calibrated California 50s pickups with a hum-canceling RW/RP middle pickup.
Upgrade your acoustic guitar with these tuners for increased tuning stability. These machine heads have been designed to pair with different string gauges.
Clip the Fender FCT2 tuner to your guitar's headstock and never worry about being out of tune again! Its vibration sensor detects the pitch of each string.
Featuring 11 amp models, 8 FX, and the Bassilator circuit for rich low-end tone, the portable Vox MINI3 G2 may be the most powerful 3-watt amp on the planet.
Perfect for players who love the sound of old Telecasters, this stacked bridge pickup delivers vintage-style, single-coil tones without that pesky hum.
Round out your sound with a balanced attack. This pickup adds the perfect amount of power, sustain, and distortion to your playing.
Balance your attack with this humbucker pickup. It delivers a vintage tone with less distortion than the SH-5.
Get great amplified tone with the Ovation Celebrity Standard Plus. Its OP-4BT preamp system with 3-band EQ gives you complete control over your sound.
Featuring a hybrid germanium/silicon design for versatile fuzz tones, plus a soft-touch switch for silent operation, the Hoof V2 is a fuzz lover's dream.
Soup up your SG with authentic golden-era tone! This Mojotone pre-wired SG kit uses CTS 500K pots for smooth taper and oil-filled cap for maximum tone.
Capture the distinctive raw power and sound of a VH4's third channel with this killer pedal. Two switchable channels have been voiced for rhythm and leads.
Equally suited for maple and rosewood fretboards, these vintage stack, hum-canceling pickups let you chicken-pick the day away, or go full-blown classic rock.
Designed for ultimate responsiveness and volume, the Hohner Rocket diatonic harmonica uses an airtight plastic comb and has a tight, punchy sound.
The Tremar Viking pairs the thunderous tone of its twin HJ50 humbuckers with the smooth pitch-shifting action of its signature Tremar vibrato bridge.
Change your strings quicker than ever. This battery-powered string winder acts as a drill to change your strings up to 70% faster than a manual peg winder.
Slash through searing fuzz tone with this signature box from MXR. Completely analog circuitry backs up throbbing sub-octave and screaming octave-up controls.
The perfect bedside or desktop companion, this Marshall MG15G features a single 8" speaker, two channels and an emulated headphone output for silent jamming.
With a maple-topped nato body and a pair of alnico VH3 humbuckers with a push-pull tone pot, the RevStar RS420 is stripped-down, yet offers wide versatility.
Miniature guitar or baritone ukulele? Whatever you call it, this 6-string uke is unique -- with its spruce top graced by an intricate laser-etched design.
These tantalizing picks from Clayton are specifically crafted for maximum stability on your fingertips.
Patented V-Class bracing, Expression System 2 electronics and a beveled armrest takes this left-handed Taylor 814ceV Deluxe to another level of playability.
Whether you're playing at church, the coffeeshop, or a huge venue, the 214ce has you covered. A solid Sitka spruce top projects a crispy and robust sound.
Plug your guitar, keyboard, 1/4" mic, or any stereo source into this battery-powered amp and enjoy big stereo sound on the go -- complete with reverb/delay.
Loaded with two Celestion Greenback 25 speakers, this Peavey 2x12 cabinet is built from 18mm plywood and is finished with classy black tolex and grille cloth.
Build the foundation for a full Marshall stack with the flat-fronted MX412BR. This 4x12" cab features a quartet of Celestion G12E-60s for powerful tone.
Safeguard your LTD V-Series electric guitar with this hardshell latching case from ESP, a sure way to protect your V-Series in style and comfort.
Crisp, bright tone and excellent intonation is yours when you strap on these nickel-plated and steel-wrapped long scale bass strings from D'Addario.
Maintain the proper humidity level for your acoustic with this humidifying system. Suspended between the strings, it never touches the body of your guitar.
Get some more volume from your violin with the Fishman Classic V200 violin pickup -- it's easy to install and doesn't require a battery for operation.
Incredibly easy to play thanks to its short scale and comfortable C-shaped neck, this Dean AXS is an excellent first acoustic guitar.
A true Epiphone original, the Wildkat is a small semi-hollowbody with a sweet flame maple top -- and a Bigsby vibrato, for when you really want to get wild.
Upgrade your old bass, or modify a new one, with this killer P-Bass neck. The American Pro neck features a rosewood fingerboard and 20 narrow-tall frets.
This redesigned Martin D-35 features an East Indian rosewood back and sides, topped with an aging toner-treated Sitka spruce top for a tastefully aged look.
Martin Marquis Strings offer the best in quality, clarity, and tone. They are especially ideal for vintage instruments because the silk-wrapped ball ends help reduce wear.
Equipped with the same basic circuit as its bigger sibling, the Replicator Jr houses a single playback head with three controls inside of a smaller housing.
Get brilliant Martin sound at an affordable price, thanks to an HPL body with Sitka spruce bracing, mahogany end blocks, and a Morado bridge.
Sweeten your sound with the front end found on Echoplex's iconic EP3 tape echo unit. The EP101 preamp delivers up to 11 dB of boost with a touch of clipping.
This gig bag fits any standard electric guitar like a glove. It's made with durable ballistic nylon on the outside and soft nylon padding on the inside.
With String Saver saddles spaced for import guitars, this ResoMax NV2 bridge will go a long way in improving string life and tuning stability.
Just like its bigger brothers, the 20-watt 6505 Piranha has some bite! Get real tube warmth from its 12AX7 preamp tube, and dial in as much gain as you need.
Unleash the full range of your harmonica ability with four complete chromatic octaves. The Chromonica is Stevie Wonder's preferred style of harmonica!
The Celestion G1265 is precisely tuned to output crisp high-end and defined midrange, so it can cut through the mix and give depth to even single notes.
Limited to 77 pieces worldwide, this BFR Majesty features a bound maple neck and a striking exclusive gold sparkle finish -- hand-signed by John Petrucci.

Express yourself with the fine-tunable sweep of the Electro-Harmonix Single Expression Pedal, built from advanced polymer for lightweight roadworthiness.
Add Celtic charm to your stage presence with this Luna banjo. A traditional Trinity graphic has been laser-etched on the instrument's mahogany resonator.
Based on the Para Acoustic DI circuit, the LR Baggs Align Equalizer preamp pedal uses FET gain staging, tone-shaping EQ and phase inversion feedback control.
Upgrade your acoustic with Fishman's Aura Pro pickup system and enjoy on-board Aura Acoustic Imaging Technology, feedback-fighting phase control and more.
Get your shred on with the M-400M. This sleek metal machine features a mahogany body and a pair of high-output humbuckers to add some fat chunk to your tone.
The EC-401FR's set of EMG 60 and 81 pickups ignite heavy riffs, while a slick mahogany neck and Floyd Rose trem let you launch licks into the stratosphere.
Great for bluegrass, classical, and Celtic styles, the Breedlove Crossover KF mandolin has an even, natural sound that projects each individual note clearly.
Don't sacrifice tone. Plug your guitar, bass, or keyboard directly into a mixer with the Behringer DI600P Ultra-DI, and put an end to impedance mismatches.
One EMG 81 active humbucker and one volume knob -- that's all you need to make this guitar sing! Neck-through-body design gives this ESP serious sustain.
Add a touch of vintage vibrato to your guitar with this pedal. It features depth, rate, rise and mode controls for customizing your vibrato.
Take the stage with the Alvarez AD66CE acoustic-electric dreadnought. Equipped with SYS550 electronics, this guitar produces beautiful amplified tone.
Perfect for beginners, songwriting, or tour buses, this electric guitar is 3/4 the size of a standard electric. The 22 in. scale maple neck offers lower tension and easier playability.
Start rocking with the Play Guitar Today beginner's pack. It includes is an instructional book, CD, and DVD to help get you started playing the guitar.
Play like Jimi by using the same string gauge he did! These 10-38 gauge strings make it easy to bend like Hendrix. Available with ball or bullet ends.
Never put a bad tube in your amp again with Orange's valve tester. This valuable tool puts your various tubes through a number of tests to ensure quality.
The parlor size, thermo-aged solid caucasian spruce top and satin-finished mahogany soft-V neck of the Ibanez AVN11 give it a true vintage vibe and feel.
Add some life back to your 12-string electric with a set of Slinkys. The nickel wrap wire produces a warm tone, complementing your guitar's natural chime.
Big or tight, dark or bright? Get your fuzz on any way you like it with this Wampler pedal, which has a Brightness knob to get you fuzzed out just right.
The Metro 20 pedalboard measures a versatile 20"x8", accommodating an array of pedal combinations. A soft, fitted case is included to keep your effects safe.
The retro-futuristic design of this guitar perfectly matches the stylish playing of Annie Clark/St. Vincent. Forge your own tones with three mini-humbuckers.
Get that singing 12-string sound, without breaking the bank. The AEWC4012FM's flamed maple body is both eye-catching and bright-sounding.
Craft your own songs on this 3/4-scale Baby Taylor. Designed with Taylor Swift, it features custom graphics and gorgeous tone from its Sitka spruce top.
This adjustable leather strap extender from Martin lets you add up to 5 1/2" inches of length to your guitar strap so you can find just the right fit.
Find the perfect guitar strap to complement your style. This guitar strap works for those channeling an indie or folksy look.
Keep your Katana-100/212 looking as new as the day you got it with this sleek amp cover. The durable polyester exterior has been designed for a perfect fit.
There's no need to worry about the weather -- prevent your wood instrument from warping or cracking with this clay-filled, plastic humidifier.
Evoke the distinctive, dissonant style of the Deftones with this baritone 7-string. Stephen Carpenter's signature axe boasts EMG 81-7s in a Tele-style body.
Imparting a mellow tone and a silky playing feel, D'Addario ECB81-5 5-string flatwounds bring a richness to your tone that must be tried to be appreciated.
Handy for alternate tunings and indispensable for maintenance, the Roadie automatically tunes all your stringed instruments and can even gauge string life!
With the Little Copper pedal, you'll be swimming in rich chorus tone. This pedal uses a sine wave oscillator to recreate the wild sounds of a rotary speaker.
Get tubelike distortion and long-lasting sustain from this overdrive pedal, made to replicate the famed original TS9 -- with 4 modes to customize your tone.
Clamp quickly and in style with the unique and effective design of the G7th Nashville Guitar Capo. The spring strength has been reduced to eliminate detuning.
Ideal for the beginning shredder, this axe delivers incredible looks and sound at a low price. Its dual-horned agathis body comes loaded with two humbuckers.
Crank out 44 watts of powerful tone with this pint size amp. As big as a pedal, the 44 Magnum is a perfect back up that easily fits in your accessory case.
With a plethora of tones available through the onboard "Tweaker" selector switches and a compact chassis, the Tweaker 112 is the ideal gigging combo amp.
Don't let the lower register of your 5-string bass sacrifice your clarity. String up a pair of Dunlop Super Bright steel strings and let your top end shine.
Equipped with the OP-4BT preamp system complete with 3-band EQ and onboard tuner, the Ovation CS24P-NBM has great amplified tone and is easy to keep in tune.
Add two additional tones to your guitar to create a bigger sound with this octave pedal. You can go one and two octaves below the original tone.
Lean and mean, the American-made S2 Custom 22 is a classic workhorse guitar, outfitted with PRS 85/15 humbuckers, a push-pull coil tap and a PRS tremolo.
Updated to accommodate your larger pedals and power supply, the Pedaltrain Classic Jr features an open-front design, wider stance, and elevated clearance.
Classic blues tone dripping with soul is what the Mojo Diamond does best. Dial in sweet tone through the 3-band EQ, then add gain to suit your style.
Thanks to its pair of "Frequency Tested" single-coil pickups with individual tone and volume controls, this hollowbody has a wide range of amazing tones.
Get that Leslie tone with the Lester G rotary speaker pedal. Includes a built-in compressor, tube-emulation overdrive, and acceleration and speed controls.
Perfect for bassists, the Phat-Tone guitar picks in this three-pack have a soft outer rubber and ridged inner core designed to replicate your fingers.
Wail away on the ol' mouth piano with this incredibly affordable offering in the key of C from Hohner.
DR's premium coated bass strings, Extra-Life Black Beauties provide extra protection from dirt and moisture, without sacrificing tone, clarity or volume.
Inject some soul into your sound with the Xotic Soul Driven. Crank the Mid-Boost for throaty tones that cut through any mix like a hot knife through butter.
Get all the front porch grit you'd expect out of a vintage 00-sized guitar, but with better tonal balance and modern features like an LR Baggs Element pickup.
Project your playing with this Alvarez Cadiz Hybrid Classical guitar's on-board LR Baggs Stage Pro electronics -- perfect for the nuances of fingerstyle.
With its under-saddle pickup run through an CoolTube (CTP-3) preamp system, the all-solid-wood Takamine P5DC acoustic-electric is designed for shining performances.
With an aged Sitka spruce top and East Indian rosewood back and sides, the 000-28 embodies iconic Martin design, updated with a modern auditorium body shape.
Save pedalboard space with this compact version of Moreley's Maverick wah pedal, equipped with a TrueTone buffer circuit and their custom MQ2 inductor.
A pair of 6L6 power tubes and a trio of 12AX7 preamp tubes pump 50 watts through a 12" speaker, giving this Full House amplifier power beyond its small size.
Make your acoustic guitar come alive with a fresh set of RocknBlues Earthwood strings. Made from a phospor bronze alloy, these strings produce a rich sound.
Let your heaviest riffs rumble on forever! This 7-string beast packs a Sustainiac electromagnetic driver into the bridge position of its mahogany body.
Give your slide licks the warm sound and great midrange harmonics only a glass slide can deliver. This Dunlop slide is heat treated for a flawless shape.
There's no excuse for having a dirty guitar now! This Music Nomad kit includes two types of polish, fretboard conditioner, a microfiber cloth and much more.
Gravity Picks' Classic Standard pick features a hand-beveled edge for supreme string contact and is available with optional holes for better grip.
With Jazzmaster pickups, a Tele body, and a custom pickguard, the Parallel Universe Jazz-Tele blends '60s Fender designs to create an unprecedented guitar.
Need a bag that'll fit your 3/4-size acoustic? With its thick padding and water-resistant exterior, this bag works hard to protect your instrument.
With four different modes -- 808-style, lead, rhythm, and high-gain -- the Voodoo Lab Sparkle Drive MOD Overdrive lets you craft meaty overdriven tones.
Keeping with John Petrucci's high standards, Ernie Ball Music Man created the Majesty Artisan 6 to look as great as it sounds.
More than a wah, this totally original design from EH offers talk-box-like wah wah and fuzz sounds in a sweepable foot pedal.
These Big Stubby picks have a smooth indented grip for your thumb, so you don't have to worry about losing one while you're playing those fast licks.
Beautifully finished and uniquely contoured, the JEM70V sports a 5-piece maple/walnut Wizard Premium reinforced neck and awesome DiMarzio Evolution pickups.
Carry your small-bodied guitar safely with you everywhere! This padded backpack-style gig bag frees up your hands to carry other gear or luggage.
The Roland AC-60 features 60 watts of power in a 2-speaker configuration. With Roland's famous clean tones, the AC-60 is a natural choice for performers.
Speed up your re-stringing time by up to 80 percent with the Ernie Ball Power Peg Pro. It's designed to wind anything from ukes to electric basses.
Give yourself that much needed boost to your sound with this compressor pedal. Its output and sensitivity knobs let you dial in the perfect setting.
This Japanese-made Prestige model is tailor-made for heavy riffs and sizzling leads. A pair of DiMarzio Fusion Edge 7 pickups produces a clear, crispy sound.
Get a ton of bang for your buck with the FA-15. This short-scale guitar is perfect for beginners and uses a agathis and sapele tonewoods for a robust sound.
Utilizing an optical circuit, the Ampeg Opto Comp adds headroom and sustain to your tone that can be fast and subtle, or cranked for unique character.
Outfitted with a low-profile grip and uniform bevel, Dunlop Flow picks are designed to bring out rich overtones and deliver a smooth playing feel.
This classic steel slide is finished in chrome for a cool look to match its bright, smooth tone, and features an even weight for aggressive playing.
Gretsch pays homage to the late, great Malcolm Young with a replica of his main axe. Enjoy rip-roaring rock tone thanks to Malcolm's many body modifications.
A/B the two independent channels of the THR100H with the included footswitch, or combine them for a big, dual-amp tone the pros have been using for decades.
For tone so hot it smokes, you need the Xotic Andy Timmons BB Preamp pedal. This limited edition version has that same smooth, compressed tone.
Popular among students, teachers, and anyone looking for an affordable classical guitar, the CGS104AII offers exceptional value.
With non-slip backing and tri-glide adjustment for comfort and leather ends with metal clips for a solid grip, the Levy's M10HT banjo strap has you covered.
While the Monarkh may look familiar, its pummeling tone, fast neck and 12"-16" compound radius fretboard turn the tables for players seeking a metal machine.
The versatile Hohner Golden Melody is a diatonic harmonica with equal temperament, capable of playing along with other instruments in all positions.
Get started playing quickly and painlessly with this instructional book and DVD, designed for the beginner acoustic or electric player.
Round-wound for greater clarity, these Super Slinkys replace the traditional nickel with cobalt for hotter output and greater sustain.
With big projection that belies its compact size, this Gibson Limited Edition 2018 L-00 is built with select rosewood back and sides for warm tone.
Replace your casters with this rugged set with 2-inch Ruberex wheels. It comes complete with mounting hardware.
Stylish and comfortable, this adjustable suede strap from Vorson makes a great companion for your guitar. Its sturdy craftsmanship ensures a secure fit.
Complement your Laney IRT amplifier head with this matching cab. The 12-inch HH-designed driver inside gives you plenty of volume to keep up with any band.
Hit the wah sweet spot every time with the Electro-Harmonix Cock Fight. Dial in the perfect cocked wah tone with or without the built-in classic fuzz drive.
An output buffer, Halo inductor for added harmonics, and a true-bypass/non-true-bypass switch makes the Bonamassa Signature Wah more than your average wah.
Maintain note clarity down to your low B string with the enhanced top end and balanced bottom of the Dunlop Super Bright nickel strings.
Get the range and dynamics of a tube amp with this TransTube combo amp. The preamp and power amp work together to bring you the natural grit of a tuber.
Access great British valve tone with this low-wattage amp head. It features a top mounted control panel with knobs for gain, treble, middle, bass, and more.
Lose yourself in deep, lush Spin Semiconductor 16-bit digital reverb or simply revel in the creamy overdrive tones of the Fuchs ODS Classic Dual Boost combo.
Get your Boss GT-100 to the gig safely with this padded carry bag. Featuring a fleece interior and reinforced handle, this bag offers total protection.
Everything you need to start picking in one convenient package: three finger picks and a thumbpick. Perfect for the beginner or experienced fingerpicker.
Shred the night away with this 12-pack of EVH gripped nylon picks -- stored in a stylish tin that echoes Eddie's legendary Frankenstrat.
Treat your Music Man StingRay bass like the beautiful instrument it is with a rock-solid, padded, waterproof 3i-5014-SRB iSeries StingRay Case from SKB.
EMG 57 and 66 pickups give the Solo-II Platinum a powerful edge. Its maple neck is a modern-metal contrast against its familiar mahogany body and maple top.
Play like a black-belt shredding master with an Ibanez JEMJRL Steve Vai JEM -- the left-handed electric that brings top-shelf playability to the masses.
Rediscover some of the coolest vintage-style finishes ever made! This limited edition Les Paul also features sizzling CustomBuckers for a lively, PAF tone.
Dunlop Pyrex glass slides lend a warmer, full-bodied tone to your playing. Try one and you'll hear how your midrange harmonics are enhanced.
Add aggressive American tone to your amp with this matched quad of Bugera 6L6GC4 tubes. Crank the volume on these tubes for a thick, ripping overdrive tone.
Loaded with a single Celestion G12 Classic Lead 80 speaker, this Quilter cab is made from high-quality Baltic birch and comes with a protective nylon cover.
Blaze new rock 'n' roll trails of your own with the dog-ear and single-coil pickup combination on the Gretsch G6120 Eddie Cochran guitar.
For the same huge sound as a full-sized Swollen Pickle MkII but in a smaller package, try the MkIIS. Scoop and crunch knobs let you sculpt the perfect fuzz.
Plug into Vox's amPlug 2 Blues for crunchy tweed tone perfect for your hottest blues licks, complete with selectable reverb, delay and chorus effects!
Plug in and save on batteries with this Regulated AC power adapter for the Pignose 7-100. It provides low hum operation.
Lefty? You too can rock with a Gretsch Electromatic in hand. The G5420LH passes warm hollowbody tone through hot Filter'Tron pickups for electrifying sound.
Take a load off your shoulder and play in style with this 2.5"-wide, USA-made Gibson Premium Saddle guitar strap, adjustable from 46.5" to 62" in length.
The perfect partner for your Piranha head, this compact cab features an 8" speaker and handles up to 25 watts at 4 ohms, so it plays nice with other heads.
The classic RG you know and love gets a low-end boost in the RGDIR6M thanks to an increased 26.5" scale, making it all the more ready for down-tuning.
Don't let its size fool you: the Tremo-Verb will happily spit out some loud, angry overdrive. The reverb and tremolo circuits only add to the vintage charm.
Take your acoustic guitar on a plane, a cross-country tour, or on a super-secret underwater mission with this waterproof case from SKB.
Like to play fast? Fulfill your need for speed with Right On Mojo Race Series straps! Each strap features a cool racing stripe design.
Tailor-made for guitars sporting a 5/16" truss rod, this Music Nomad truss rod grants you easy access to make adjusting your guitar's neck relief a breeze.
This BFR pumps up the futuristic design of the Albert Lee signature model with a vibrant Orange Crush Sparkle finish that looks fantastic under the lights.

Get all the qualities of a true vintage humbucker pickup with this PAF pickup. It's partly based on DiMarzio's '59 Les Paul pickups.
Celestion's Classic Lead 80 speaker is known by rock guitarists for its speed and ability to give definition to every note of even highly distorted chords.
Loaded with a pair of H3 Hot humbuckers, a stoptail bridge and built from nato wood, the RevStar RS320 is a no-frills, stripped-down rock'n'roll machine.
Travel anywhere with Seagull's uniquely shaped, dulcimer-inspired 4-string acoustic guitar. Its maple neck runs through the body for surprising sustain.
Combine great natural acoustic sounds with a versatile electronic setup. The AC3M includes a piezo pickup and an SRT System63 modeling preamp.
Built to complement the natural body dynamics and warmth of acoustic instruments, the LR Baggs Align Reverb blends the wet and dry signal for organic reverb.
Built from the legendary wood inventory of Kazuo Yairi, this CYM75 is a beautiful classical guitar comprised of solid AA red cedar and East Indian rosewood.
Protect your multi-effects processor with this heavily padded gig bag. It's made from tear and water-resistant fabric.
Sitka spruce and African mahogany give the D-140 full-bodied, robust dreadnought tone, while its vintage logo and neck shaping are evocative of '60s designs.
MXR's Distortion Plus pedal creates a whole mess of overdriven tones with just 2 knobs. Crank it from sweet breakup to gritty crunch to fuzzed-out insanity.
Tap out your tempos in style with this sturdy MXR box. Use a standard tip/ring instrument cable to connect to delay pedals that accept external footswitches.
Discover the Holy Grail of spring, hall, plate and reverse reverb! This four-mode EHX reverb lets you dial in your ideal ambience with the Blend control.
Control the volume and modulation of your instrument with the Behringer FCV100 dual mode foot pedal.
Weighing in at only 25 lbs., the ACR5 has EQ, effects, and feedback control, built into a 50-watt amplifier with guitar and mic inputs. Great for open mics!
You can rest easy knowing your guitar is protected inside this Reunion Blues bag. Its padded, water-resistant exterior creates a safe place for your baby.
Plug in up to eight pedals with this On-Stage PS801 pedal power pack! Converter plugs are included so you can power just about any 9V pedal.
Capture the sound of vintage humbuckers without compromise! Fishman Fluence Classic humbuckers remove inductance problems from the PAF equation.
Put your audience in a trance with the Zakk Wylde "Psychic Bullseye" graphic and beautifully flamed top featured on this Wylde Audio Barbarian Rawtop.
If you need high output overdrive, this is the perfect pickup. It works with both standard and F-spaced bridges.
Built with a neodymium magnet, this Neo Creamback is about half the weight of its classic predecessor, but still projects the same warm, mesmerizing tone.
Legendary bluegrass artist Tony Rice worked with Martin to bring back Martin Monels -- the strings that bring out your acoustic's natural, woody sound.
Lefties will enjoy this Artwood AC340L for its wide dynamic range and quick fingerpicking response thanks to a shorter scale length and grand concert shape.
Speed up your string changes and increase tuning stability by outfitting your guitar with these 18:1 ratio Grover Rotomatic locking tuners.
For the guitarist who consistently breaks the same few strings, D'Addario offers a 10-pack of only the string gauges you need.
The LR Baggs banjo pickup amplifies your banjo's sound naturally without a battery, and comes with an easy custom mounting system for quick installation.
Make your baritone guitar sing with the classic sound of Ernie Ball Slinkys. These strings feature small ball ends that that fit traditional guitar bridges.
Snag another pick before anyone knows you dropped one with this pickholder from Dunlop. The Ergo mounts directly to your guitar with a non-marring adhesive.
Place this pickup in any of the 3 positions for awesome vintage tone. It also cancels hums like a full-sized humbucker pickup.
Get your hands on a faithful recreation of the famous delays made by an original Binson Echorec. Dial in just the perfect amount of warble for authenticity.
Grab a few of your most essential pedals and place them on the RockBoard DUO 2.1 for an awesome streamlined rig! You can even fit a power supply underneath.
Expand your picking palette with these variety pick packs from Dunlop. Each pack contains a variety of Dunlop picks in your favorite sizes and colors.
Vox pays tribute to its storied past with the incredible Mini SuperBeetle! NuTube technology produces real tube sound and dynamics in a miniaturized amp.
Looking for a comfortable guitar strap? This adjustable strap from Vorson will help take some weight off your shoulders with its 2" width.
Assume maximum control of your tone's overdrive with this killer pedal from Ernie Ball. Sweep your signal anywhere from completely dry to all-out frenzy.
Got a heavy guitar weighing you down? Get some relief with this padded leather strap that is comfortable to use -- even during long playing sessions.
Ideal for beginner guitarists, this tremolo effect pedal from Behringer is easy to use and very affordable.
Give your guitar smoother playability and a livelier sound with these Martin Lifespan 2.0 strings, engineered to prevent corrosion without compromising tone.
Capture your ideas immediately and easily with the Luna Heartsong Grand Concert acoustic guitar. Includes a built-in USB output for simple, direct recording.
Sick of rusty, creaky, around-the-neck harmonica holders that your beard gets caught in? The HarpArm HA-50 clips onto a mic stand for ease and comfort.
Hohner's Super 64 chromatic harmonica features a VarioSpring system for individual adjustment of slide spring tension plus a SlientSlide for quiet operation.
Get all your pedals safely to the gig, then convert the lid of the Gig Box Jr into a convenient place to keep up to three electric guitars for easy access.
Flexible, sturdy and slip-resistant, these Dunlop Herco Flex picks are a great choice for guitarists of any experience level or playing style.
Grab a pack of Dunlop Tortex Flex picks in the popular Jazz III shape. Players love them for their control and articulation.
Carry on a tradition with the Cordoba C3M. An incredibly affordable nylon-string acoustic, this handcrafted guitar is one of the Iberia Series' most popular.
Featuring a water-repellent 600D black-and-gray exterior, this Black Belt gig bag from TKL is sure to keep your favorite soprano ukulele safe and sound.
With a 16 ohm rating, convertible open- or closed-back design and a tweed-style covering, the Peavey 112-C is the perfect cab to pair with your vintage amp.
Based on the Rosac Nu-Fuzz, and combined with the discontinued Dream Crusher, Spires offers two channels of full-on fuzz, controlled by tone and fuzz knobs.
Use the Palladium Gain Stage pedal to get amp-like saturation. Featuring a variable frequency mid control, this pedal makes it easy to dial in killer tone.
Built from an acetal/polymer composite, these sturdy picks are strong enough for metal but with enough give to accommodate lighter styles.
Keep your favorite guitars on display with the On-Stage GS8500B guitar hanger. Its anodized aluminum construction is sturdy enough to hold five guitars.
Maximize the tone of your Tele with this Mojotone wiring kit. It adds a 4th position for huge parallel humbucker tone.
Got a need for speed? These GHS Boomers have a thinner core wire, so you can land those fast arpeggios more precisely.
Upgrade your favorite amp with high-performance Tung-Sol tubes! These 6V6GT power tubes overdrive evenly and produce a smoothed-out top end for warm tone.
EMG 60/81 pickups + Floyd Rose tremolo = all-out rock attitude. The EC-1001FR's thin-U neck will take your fingers to the shred speed limit and beyond.
Got lots of Boss effects? These parallel DC cords make a daisy chain to power up to 8 of your Boss pedals. Never worry about tangling power supplies again!
EHX's Electric Mistress pedal delivers true stereo flanging for Hendrix-like textures. Dial in adjustable rate and depth, plus chorus for layered richness.
Get a unique playing feel with these D'Addario EXL 120 strings. Their 9.5-44 gauge falls right in-between super light and regular light strings.
Bassists, this strap is for you! Right On's Bassman leather strap is 3 inches wide, which helps ease the burden of heavy instruments on your shoulder.
Make sure your guitar is always looking its best with this care kit. It includes high gloss polish, string cleaner, and fretboard conditioner.
A solid ash body, coupled with a graphite-reinforced, two-piece maple neck gives rock-solid stability to this humbucker loaded Charvel Pro-Mod San Dimas.
This 3/4-sized classical guitar is a great choice for kids. The nylon strings are easy on the fingers and the price point is easy on the wallet.
The three key guitar qualities are: Feel, feel, and feel. Oh, and tone. Get all four with the sleek and snappy D'Angelico Premier Bedford Tremolo.
Designed to replicate the raw tone of the '59 Les Paul humbuckers, this pickup delivers great sustain and bright harmonics.
With bright, full string resonance and an intuitive 6-string design, the Dean Backwoods 6 is a banjo that any guitarist can pick up and play with ease.
Fitted with EMG Retroactive single-coil and humbucker pickups, the Schecter Sun Valley SS FR7 III electric conveys every detail of your playing dynamics.
Take a long road trip or go busking with this vintage suitcase-style travel ukulele amp from Luna, featuring 5 watts of power and an accessory compartment.
The Super'Tron foregoes pole screws in favor of steel blade magnets, giving it a larger magnetized surface area and tone that's full with lots of punch.
On Stage's foldable A-Frame guitar stand is easy to store and set up and any gig. Its cushioned shape fits most electric and acoustic guitars.
Keep your guitar in top shape with this Gibson restoration kit, including fretboard conditioner, guitar polish, cloths, low-abrasion metal cleaner and brush.
Give your acoustic a breath of fresh air with these strings, which are made from a rare bronze that give your guitar a different, stronger tone.
A big helping of lows, a clear, articulate string sound, and stage-ready electronics make the Martin D-35E dreadnought a top choice for bluegrass and folk.
Take the guessing work out of tuning. With Ratio Tuned tuners, each half key turn equals one semitone change, allowing for quicker, more accurate tuning.
Commemorate 50 years since the release of Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band with this limited-edition 10-pack of picks by D'Addario!
Perfect for more aggressive genres, the Invader humbucker combines sinister style with a wide magnetic field that creates high output for searing distortion.
Using Tube Logic technology, the Boss Nextone Stage combo re-voices its analog Class AB power section to emulate classic American and British output tubes.
If you like the twangy-yet-beefy tones of TV Jones Classics, yet need more output and midrange, check out the Power'Trons -- like a '50s PAF with more zing.
Stand out from the crowd with these Dunlop Designer straps! Made from Jacquard-woven fabric, these straps feature genuine leather ends for a secure grip.
Picking up the Yamaha CG172SF guitar and hearing the crisp tone of its cypress body and European spruce top may inspire you to join a Spanish caravan.
Stand out from the crowd! DiMarzio's Steve Vai Universe strap features the swirl pattern made famous from Vai's Universe model guitars.
The Diavlo head might look tiny, but it's overflowing with 5 humongous watts of all-tube tone, and unique features for increased tonal flexibility.
Beef up your super Strat with this killer EMG pickup set. This kit includes everything needed to install the pups in your guitar with no soldering required.
Give the front row a punch to the face with this Dimebag signature. A graphic of Pantera's "Vulgar Display of Power" will prove you aren't messing around.
With its 7/8 scale, select spruce top and grand auditorium travel size, the Washburn G Mini acoustic guitar is idea for the traveling musician or beginner.
Recreate Tim Armstrong's monstrous punk sound -- or any tone from rockabilly to blues -- with this versatile hollowbody's "Black Top" Filter'Tron pickups.
The durability of Tortex, the warmth of nylon, and the classic Jazz III shape made just a bit larger make the Tortex Flex Jazz III XL a truly unique pick.
Originally created for 7- and 8-string guitars, these pickups are sized to fit 6-stringers for incredible note definition and enhanced harmonic response.
With 5 different amp models and 8 onboard effects, this amp packs a wallop. Use the USB output to record on your computer with the included Cubase software.
Use the One Control 1 Loop Box as an AB switch, input selector or mute switch -- it's easy to fit on your pedalboard, thanks to its super-compact design.
Get your electric guitar to the show safely in this affordable gig bag, complete with reinforced carrying handles and removable backpack-style straps.
Get the most out of your classical guitar with these nylon strings from Ernie Ball. Known for their consistency, these strings produce a robust, warm tone.
Keep your instrument secure while you work on it with the Dunlop System 65 guitar maintenance mat -- an easy-to-clean, protective neoprene pad.
Made from vegan tan leather, this vintage guitar strap features a classic '50s-style pad and buckle adjustment with an overall length range from 49" to 55".
The comfortable parlor shape, the warmth of mahogany and the gorgeous aesthetics of Fender's Paramount series all add up to make this PM2 a superb acoustic.
Ideal for the burgeoning blues players, the Blues Bender is designed to facilitate dark and dirty wailing of the most soulful kind.
If you need slap-back delay and thick, creamy boost in one pedal, look no further. The JHS Milkman delivers all that right to your door, using minimal space.
Extra-thick cores give these strings longer sustain and beefy low-end tone, ideal for drop tuning scenarios. Nitro-Packs keep them fresh until you need them.
Featuring antique brass hardware, a burlap exterior, and a royal blue crushed-velvet interior, this is a classy-looking plywood case for a resonator guitar.
Fender shakes up the traditional Tele configuration with this American Performer model. A DoubleTap humbucking neck pickup warms and fattens your sound.
Craft your own monolithic riffs with this striking signature guitar from Mastodon axe-man Bill Kelliher, loaded with his Lace Sensor Divinator pickups.
Make your sound come alive with the Blurst. This synth-like modulating filter has three waveform shapes and can even be controlled by an expression pedal.
This pegwinder is sized to fit bass guitar tuning pegs. It features a built-in clipper designed to cut through heavy bass strings with ease.
The Xvive MIKE is a pocket-sized acoustic guitar workhorse that uses spectral reassignment to bring out certain sonic flavors of your favorite acoustic.
This humbucker pickup delivers tough yet warm vintage tone. The modern potting techniques help to eliminate unwanted noise.
Flattened "ribbon" wire is polished with a smooth finish to produce mellow, yet rich, low end tone that is never too flabby and always tight.
Get durable protection for your prized classical guitar. This PVC-backed nylon gig bag is lined with 20mm padding to keep your instrument safe no matter what.
Expression pedal input and advanced scene programming make the Soleman MIDI controller a great match for your Source Audio or other MIDI guitar pedal rig.
Ernie Ball's Ambient Delay combines reverb and delay to create surreal textures. Use the foot rocker to blend the perfect mix of effect into your playing.
Made from sturdy Ultex, these Dunlop thumbpicks give you more control over your playing and are long-lasting.
Expand your tone with this '50s single-coil pickup, designed to sound like a vintage Strat pickup. It can be used in the neck, middle, or bridge position.
Need some extra length on your bass strap? Pick up Levy's MSSC4-XL, an extra-long cotton bass guitar strap that is comfortable, durable, and adjustable.
Keep it loud, fast, and tight! The Dunlop John Petrucci Flow guitar pick uses Ultex for rigid stability and a uniform, beveled edge for clean string release.
Made from ultra-light aerospace grade aluminum, this capo allows you to quickly and accurately position it on the guitar's neck without adding any extra weight.
Now there's no excuse not to keep your axe in great shape. This pack includes a carpeted maintenance table, a full tool kit, and Nomad guitar care products.
With seven guitar effects -- including tremolo, phaser, and pitch shifting -- packed into one compact stompbox, the Behringer FX600 is a versatile tool.
With a gorgeous floral design embossed on black leather, this Vorson guitar strap has a unique, eye-catching look, plus a padded back for comfort.
Pick up the Dimebag pickup set for extreme metal tone. The Dimebucker in the bridge position produces a full, tight low end for punishing riffs and leads.
Ibanez used "Thermo Aged" mahogany to craft this Artwood dreadnought, to lend it a vintage look and help increase its natural sustain and resonance.
Get rich overtones and improved sustain thanks to the rosewood back and sides, scalloped bracing and traditional western body style of this Yamaha FG830.
Explore what walnut can do for your sound with this special lefty GS Mini. A Sitka spruce top produces a full and crispy sound with plenty of volume on tap.
Hawaiian and country ballads sound incomplete without the wail of a lap steel guitar. Get that classic sound from the single-coil-equipped Gretsch G5715.
John D'Angelico's original guitar gets the Deluxe treatment. This EXL-1 features Jescar fretwire for playability and a Duncan floating pickup for warm tone.
With punchy, strong lows and a three-dimensional high end, the Seymour Duncan Duality Humbucker 7 pickups bring powerful, open tone to your 7-string guitar.
Boasting more than twice the maximum output of the original RAT, the Turbo RAT is hard-clipping, while its mid-range frequencies are slightly scooped.
This wah pedal is perfect for metal guitar players with its Wow mode, which delivers super heavy tones. It also features a lock function so you can leave your wah engaged all night.
Replace the neck on your Jazzmaster or finish the build of your dreams with this Fender American Professional replacement neck, featuring a Deep C profile.
Control the gain and saturation of your amp with this power booster pedal. It's an exact replica of the 1968 model.
To capture the exact sound of Hendrix's expressive wah-wah-soaked leads, the Dunlop Jimi Hendrix Signature Wah is built to the specs of his original pedal.
With a comfortable, bevel-edged body and spruce/mahogany construction for a balanced tone, the Alvarez AG60R Grand Auditorium is a solid workhorse acoustic.
Consistent humidity is good for acoustic guitars. Keep The Humitar in your guitar case to keep your guitar's wood safe from warping, shrinking or cracking.
Left-handed players, look no further than this Martin D-18, beautifully constructed from solid Sitka spruce and genuine mahogany for dense dreadnought tone.
Protect your Electromatic hollow body guitar as you go to and from gigs, practices, and the studio. This gig bag features a large front pocket for all of your accessories.
Increase your sustain and smooth out volume levels with the Behringer CL9 Compressor/Limiter pedal. Runs on a 9V battery or DC power supply (not included).
Plug into this ultra-affordable acoustic amp! You get instrument and mic/instrument channels, each with 9-band graphic EQ, digital FX and feedback detection.
Made to fit Fender Stratocasters with a wide 2 7/32" string spacing, this Babicz 6-hole tremolo features a patented eCAM saddle system for improved sustain.
You don't have to compromise on style or function with the D'Angelico Premier DC semi-hollow -- it's great for all genres and has attitude pre-installed.
Get high-performance, rackmount-quality noise reduction in a stompbox-size pedal! Link two Decimators for two channels of noise reduction or stereo setups.
Plug into this DI from the speaker output of your amp for consistent tone show after show. Simulate authentic speaker tones via integrated filter circuits.
Martin's HD-28EZ reimagines the classic dreadnought with scalloped, forward-shifted bracing for huge tone amplified by brilliant LR Baggs Anthem electronics.
Replace or upgrade the saddle on your favorite acoustic with this Tusq saddle from Graph Tech. Its compensated design will improve your guitar's playability.
With a Ernie Ball's signature slinky feel and punchy tone, these strings will give your 5-string bass an aggressive, snappy attack that cuts through the mix.
Available in a range of gauges to suit your playing style, a pack of 72 Dunlop Nylon Standard picks will keep you well-stocked with plenty of gripped picks.
If you're a blossoming southpaw guitarist -- or a lefty who just wants an extra strummer around -- look no further than this left-handed Discovery Concert.
With a vintage-style optocoupler for true optical compression, the Orange Kongpressor provides anything from in-your-face fattening, to transparent leveling.
This cabinet and the Tweaker head are a match made in sonic heaven. It can also be used with the Tweaker 112 1x12-inch Combo.
These normal tension nylon strings deliver lasting tone that will satisfy everybody. The set contains 3 clear nylon trebles and 3 silver-plated basses.
Perfect for grab-and-go situations, the Feather Board is just large enough to fit a full-size power supply, ensuring no compromises for smaller pedal chains.
Need a player-friendly guitar? This all-solid-wood Washburn Comfort Series acoustic features a grand auditorium body and Fishman Prefix Blend electronics.
Sporting a striking Autumn Burst finish, eye-catching white binding and a Fishman Sonitone system, this Seagull covers all bases with sharp looks and sound.
Drop tune confidently with these DR DDT bass strings. They lock right into tune with very few adjustments, and keep their intonation at lower tunings.
Vox's MV50 Clean provides guitarists with 50 watts of clean headroom, with accurate tone and responsiveness courtesy of the compact Nutube in its preamp.
This guitar stand has it all with the patented leg-locking system for maximum stability, protective padding, and guitar pick storage slots.
Cut in the traditional Fender 351 shape, these celluloid picks are made thick to give extra snap to the strings -- a top choice for bass or acoustic players.
The On Stage GA150 guitar humidifier has a sponge on the inside that evenly dispenses moisture, which helps prolong the life of your investment.
If you need a quick key change while you're playing, simply clip this spring-loaded capo to your guitar's neck. It's fast and easy to clip on and remove.
Look and sound great on stage with the Laney GH50R. Blend the perfect amount of preamp and power amp overdrive at any volume for incredible, saturated tone.
Throw a set of Martin's 41MM1012 acoustic strings on your 12-string for reduced pick attack and the classic, mellow-yet-crisp sound of Monel steel.
Mod your T-style guitar with these pickups to unlock a variety of sounds. This set includes everything needed to install and start experimenting immediately!
Perform at the highest levels with this Fender Strat. A trio of Yosemite single-coil pickups and Greasebucket tone circuitry ensure a strong, bold sound.
The warmth of nylon meets Tortex's durability in Dunlop's 456 Tortex Flex picks. The triangle shape has a unique feel that is popular with bassists.
Transform your clean amp and harness the raw sound of a 6L6-powered vintage tweed amp pushing into its sweet spot, with the Catalinbread 5F6 overdrive pedal.
Treat your new Martin with a soft, premium leather guitar strap. Its vintage-worn leather is branded with the Martin logo.
Get a huge, thick tone with more volume and smoother string contact than most guitar picks with the metal-friendly Dunlop Flow Standard Ultex.
Are you constantly snapping G strings? Try D'Addario EXL110W nickel wound lights. A wound 3rd string and XL110A gauging make for flexibility and bright tone.
There is nothing dinky about this 7-string beast. The Jackson JS32 gives you the features of the iconic Dinky line with an extra string of low-end growl.
Whether you need to set up your guitar or do a quick string change, Ernie Ball's musician's tool kit has everything you need, all in one case.
Clayton Duraplex picks offer outstanding durability and longevity even for the fiercest of shredders.
A P-90 and single-coil pickup combination, along with a solid swamp ash body, gives this PT Special all it needs to be a lean, mean rock 'n' roll machine.
This acoustic preamp is made to enhance the sound of any acoustic instrument from guitar to cello, while maintaining the natural tone of your instrument.
With two channels of killer Marshall tone, the JCM900 4100 Dual Reverb is a legendary amp that plays well with pedals and has enough gain to melt your face.
Rid yourself of back pains from carrying your combo amp. This case offers wheels and a handle for easy transport and features a durable roto-molded design.
An excellent choice as a backup gig amp or practice amp at home, the MV50 Rock offers authentic tube breakup by way of its Nutube in the preamp.
This pickup offers a clear, bright tone minus the feedback. Included is a 14 ft. cable and a cloth drawstring storage bag.
Perfect for guitar, ukulele, bass and the like, this clip-on chromatic tuner features a tactile transducer and high-contrast screen for accurate tuning.
This Hohner 560 Special 20 Pro includes three harmonicas tuned to A, C, and G. Their plastic combs offer increased airtightness for better responsiveness.
This Anniversary Gretsch G6118T-135 delivers crisp tone with big body resonance, thanks to High Sensitive Filter'Tron pickups and a hollow maple body.
With deep lows and refined, mellow tone, D'Addario ECB81S Chromes are a great way to experience smooth-playing flatwound strings on your short-scale bass.
Express your Gibson pride when you wear this comfortable 2-inch or 3-inch Woven Gibson Logo guitar strap -- the perfect companion to your trusty Gibson guitar.
If pedalboard space is at a premium, look to the TU-3S for your tuning needs. This unique design nixes the pedal switch for simple, compact operation.
A stunning pattern based on Polynesian tattoo design graces the top of this Luna concert ukulele's spruce top, creating a beautiful look and rich sound.
Situated toward the heavier side of Ernie Ball string gauges, Power Slinky nickel-wound 5-string bass strings are great for high volume and maximum impact.
Does your slide playing need a bit more bite? The Dunlop 222 SI brass slide gives you crisp and bright tone with plenty of volume and resonance.
Add a blast of British valve amp tone to any setup with the Angry Charlie. A three-band EQ allows you to accurately mimic the legendary sound of a JCM800.
A quartersawn, rounded C-shape mahogany neck, rosewood fretboard and hand-rolled binding give this Gibson 2019 ES-335 Dot Satin a comfortable, vintage feel.
Extend your low end with this 7-string Petrucci signature from Sterling. A flame maple top with mahogany body creates a balanced tone perfect for any genre.
Keep your wood instrument at the proper 45% relative humidity level at all times Humidipak refill packet. Simply change when it's firm to the touch.
Based on Joe's own 355, the Epiphone Joe Bonamassa ES-355 has ProBucker pickups, a semi-hollow archtop profile and gold hardware just like Smokin' Joe likes!
Perfect for acoustic travelers, D'Angelico's Premier Utica is a 3/4-size model that's easy to play, sounds great and looks awesome with its rustic hardware.
Looking for a great gift for a guitarist? This soft, suede guitar strap is comfortable, durable, and professional-looking.
With a mahogany body and flamed maple top for bass thump and ringing sustain, the RGAIX6FMT pairs its woods with DiMarzio pickups to produce monster tone.
An excellent choice for fretless or acoustic bass guitars, La Bella 750 black nylon tape wound strings exhibit light tension, vintage tone, and long sustain.
Play with confidence knowing you won't drop a Gator Grip guitar pick. With 72 in a pack, you can share with the whole band, or just stockpile an arsenal.
With a dedicated tap tempo footswitch, the EHX Deluxe Memory Boy delivers rich, warm, organic analog delay. Crank the Depth for ghostlike wails and warbles.
Strum your guitar with these durable Ultex picks. They're designed for maximum comfort, speed, and precision while you play.
This black suede leather Takamine strap features an elegant embroidered grassflower pattern, for a  look that complements just about any guitar!
Experience the solid playing feel and rich sustain that the ARZ200FM brings to the table. A 25" scale neck lets you down-tune and maintain string tension.
Made with solid mahogany for deep lows and DMT pickups for aggressive, ear-splitting mids and highs, the Michael Amott Tyrant is for serious gain-heads only.
Extend the life of your frets, and expand the brightness of your sound, with handmade, stainless steel Hi-Beam strings -- DR's most popular bass strings.
Get the same searing gain, punishingly tight low end and finely tuned midrange of the monster Diezel Herbert head in this pedalboard-friendly enclosure.
The DRS Bravo 7-space guitar rack is the bottom half of your stylish new rack system. Using the four included pins, neatly stack your Alpha rack on top.
Dial in amazing Orange tones from thick and creamy to tight and springy -- the choice is yours on the two-channel, vintage-voiced Orange AD30HTC amp head.
Bringing 1960s tone into the future with modern pickup switching and playing feel, Fender's American Original '60s Stratocaster is the best of all worlds.
Drop tune with confidence and ease with DR DDTs. These electric guitar strings maintain their intonation at lower tunings with minimal adjustments.
Get two great maintenance products in one box. This cleaning kit includes a bottle of Dunlop's Formula No. 65 Polish and a bottle of Ultimate Lemon Oil.
Make a bold statement from the start with this beginner's package. It includes a black acoustic guitar, tuner, instructional DVD, gig bag, picks, and strap.
Display your ukulele or mandolin with pride, and keep it in reach using this sturdy wall hanger from String Swing.
Get a fantastic combination of style, tone, and affordability with the PRS SE Tonare TX20E. The Fishman GT1 electronics ensure you sound great at any venue.
Protect the bridge of your acoustic guitar with these Martin Authentic Acoustic Silked strings, featuring a soft silk wrap around each string's ball end.
Enjoy a longer string life and tones that stay sounding new. These coated Slinkys feature titanium plain string reinforcement windings for extra durability.
Make guitar repairs easier with this sturdy neck cradle. It holds your guitar's neck stable while you're working on it, keeping you and your instrument safe.
An open-front design and slightly increased angle make the Pedaltrain Classic 1 a convenient, dependable surface for your prized pedals.
Want a clip-on guitar tuner that's a bit more discreet? The D'Addario NS Micro tuner clips in your guitar's soundhole, so you're the only one that sees it!
Back down the snarl and add some low-noise headroom to your high-gain amp with this long lasting, military grade preamp tube from Tung-Sol.
Keep your tenor ukulele out of harm's way with this TKL Black Belt gig bag, featuring a 600D water-repellent nylon exterior and 12mm-thick foam padding.
Your favorite axe will be showroom-ready when it's wiped down with Gibson Pump Polish. It works on any finish and contains no unnatural chemical propellants.
Noted for their bright tone, nickel-plated steel strings have become the industry standard. These strings stay sounding new with Elixir's Polyweb coating.
Get a programmable switcher that can power your pedals. The One Control Caiman Tail Loop has true bypass, six 9V outputs, MIDI capability, and 150 presets.
With 48 reeds and a 3-octave range, this classic, industry-standard harp gives you access to the full chromatic scale with a press of the side button.

With striking exotic wood tops and hot tone from alnico and ceramic Duncan Designed humbuckers, these Soloists will help you stand out on any stage.
With their lightweight design and pointed tips, these Dunlop Ultex Jazz III 2.0 picks will help you play faster and with more precision.
Multi-voiced and rechargeable, Fishman Fluence Modern Ceramic pickups are an excellent choice for players seeking aggressive, versatile tone.
With four independent modulation sections, tap tempo, tempo sync and full MIDI control, the Mod Rex yields nearly limitless polyrhythmic possibilities.
Crafted for artists who demand the best for their instrument, the TKL Zero-Gravity mandolin soft case is strong yet light, with backpack/shoulder straps.
Rock a warm, sophisticated sound with an Ernie Ball glass slide. The durable borosilicate glass material provides a smooth feel with a crystal-clear voice.
Best placed before buffered pedals in your chain, the Naga Viper models the '60s Dallas Rangemaster Treble Booster, but adds controls for full-range boost.
These strings offer a crisp tone and an excellent ringing attack on any acoustic. They're vacuum packed for freshness.
No matter the size of your guitar or where you're playing, this pickup gives you the boost you need to be heard and sound great. It's available in either wide or narrow saddle slot widths.
Even out your volume across your notes and chords while also adding sustain to your signal with the Behringer CS400 Ultimate Dynamics pedal.
The Eventide H9 is the future of effects pedals. Easily upload sound algorithms and tweak them via your iOS/Android device for unlimited tonal possibilities.
Take pride in your guitar or bass by cleaning it regularly. This all-in-one tool cleans, protects, and preserves your instrument without harsh chemicals.
Use the Friedman Buxom Boost to push a pure, clean signal, allowing every nuance of your tone to shine through with the help of an on-board EQ and bypass.
Honoring the "King of the Boogie Woogie," the Epiphone John Lee Hooker Zephyr is a reissue 100 years in the making with its classic archtop design and tone.
Try on the Tone Corset to add some clean boost, gently squeeze a little sustain into your tone or completely crush your signal with over-the-top compression.
With close aperture coils and ceramic magnets, this metalhead-approved pickup offers clear, bright vintage tone. It features a high-output internal preamp.
Specifically EQ'd to match the earthy, organic aura of Steve Vai's signature JEM guitars, the Dark Matter 2 slings high output and custom, laser-cut covers.
You can't hang loose when your uke is out of tune. Keep the Snark SN6X tuner clipped on your headstock for a quick, easy-to-read reference between tunes.
Play acoustic and electric at your gigs? Carry both guitars backpack-style in this Gator ProGo double gig bag! Micro-fleece interiors protect both guitars.
This Gator 4G Series gig bag is a perfect fit for Jazzmaster guitars, and accommodates other offset guitar bodies with 10mm foam padding throughout.
Designed for the bridge position, this pickup offers a smooth, meaty Telecaster twang and comes with 4 conductor cable.
Set your combo amp inside this Roto Mold case and wheel it away with minimal effort. It comes with two wrap-around straps for added security.
The ultra-thin Nanoweb coating makes all the difference in these Elixir strings -- hear it for yourself in their bold highs and full lows.
Find your funky side with the Night Wire harmonic tremolo pedal. The three separate modes deliver distinct tremolos that fit any mood, from subtle to spacey.
Use this power supply with any Morley pedal. It features an LED light to show you when the power is on.
Swing your guitar any way you want without worry of it coming off the strap. These D'Addario strap locks are easy to install and have a universal fit.
Love the ease of direct boxes but miss the tone and feel of a real guitar amp? The Radial JDX Direct-Drive simulates popular tube amps for realistic sound.
This compact resurrection of the '70s Bad Stone features six stages of phase shifting, as well as a "Manual Shift" mode that allows you to freeze the phase.
Add some brightness to your flatwound sound with these stainless steel Dunlop bass strings. Throw them on any four-stringer for instantaneous vintage tone.
Touting an open-back design for reduced weight and a violin-grade maple rim for full sound, this Deering Artisan 5-string banjo is ready to hit the road.
The LT ECHO 15 packs 15 powerful watts and a pair of 3 inch speakers into a tiny package. Practice along to your favorite songs with the built-in aux input.
Charge up to 8 batteries with the Ansmann Powerline 8. Once a battery is fully charged, the unit switches to trickle charging to ensure optimum performance.
With a handsome quilt maple top, a pair of single-coil pickups, and a 3-way toggle switch, this ukulele looks and plays like an electric guitar.
With its 2" width and woven polypropylene material, this strap is perfect for anyone who seeks a comfortable and simple way to hold their guitar.
Confidently protect your guitar with this premium gig bag from Fender. Durable and cushy, this bag features a large front pocket for holding accessories.
Match sounds with the dobro master himself. This stomp-box was created and used by Jerry Douglas specifically for resophonic guitars.

This leather, studded guitar strap will suit your style whether you're going for a heavy metal look, punk rock aesthetic, or an urban cowboy vibe.
Around the house or around the campfire, the BT2 Baby Taylor offers real Taylor quality in a 3/4-sized guitar. Its solid mahogany top yields deep, dark tone.
Get improved control over your expression-capable effects while saving space with the dual-output design of the Electro-Harmonix Dual Expression pedal.
Dunlop picks are known for their durability and their reliability. Get a whole dozen of them, so you're always sure to have one handy.
Hear the wide dynamic range of this cypress and spruce-constructed Alvarez flamenco guitar with the help of an on-board LR Baggs StagePro Element preamp.
Provide up to 8 of your pedals with clean, noise-filtered power. The Aetos power supply from Walrus Audio also supports larger, high current-drawing pedals.
Shred mightily on this quilted-maple-topped axe! It's loaded with heavy-duty EMG 81 and 60 pickups, and its set-neck design offers humongous, resonant tone.
For straightforward, meat-and-potatoes rocking, try a Jackson X Series Soloist SLX -- its solid build and red-hot pickups deliver impressive performance.
Take part in the Marshall tonal tradition with this vintage-style angled cab. Four Celestion G12H-30 re-issue speakers sing with '70s-era hard rock attitude.
Add an extra punch to your sound that a stock pickup couldn't deliver. It's clean and smooth at low volumes but delivers huge, singing tone when turned up.
The Marine Band Crossover has an airtight assembly for a fast and easy response, and a laminated bamboo comb that's water-repellent and stable.
Designed to offer maximum control, performance and quality in a small, unobtrusive format, the Presys+ on-board preamp is the ideal mod for your acoustic.
Keep your Epiphone PR5E acoustic electric in good hands when you're not on stage or at home using it.
With its 3/4-size scale and 48mm nut, the Cordoba Cadete is the perfect "mini guitar" for kids, traveling musicians, or anyone who needs a smaller guitar.
Transparent and low in gain, the Golden Pearl is ideal for pushing a dirty amp into pure saturation or giving a clean amp that on-the-verge-of-break-up tone.
Regardless of whether you play blues, jazz, or rock -- or all three -- achieve a bright, true guitar sound with D'Addario's XL electric guitar strings.
The legendary feel and tone of Ernie Ball's nickel-plated Slinky electric guitar strings is now available to 8-string guitar players.
True to the original spirit of PRS guitars, the Custom 24 10 Top electric exhibits all the visual panache and tonal glory of Paul's renowned early models.
Levy's doesn't just do leather. This polypropylene guitar strap measures 3 inches across, for a little extra width that eases the burden on your shoulders.
Set up your classical guitar with Pro-Arte nylon strings for unmatched feel and sound. A silverplated winding on the bass strings projects a rich tone.
Protect your Strat or Tele-style guitar from water damage with this waterproof case. It's also resistant to corrosion and impact damage.
Carry a watt of Marshall's legendary tone with you wherever you go with this micro amp. It features switchable clean and overdrive modes.
With a slimmer body depth, LR Baggs Element pickup and an Advanced Response maple neck, this 2019 J-45 gives a modern take on the classic Gibson workhorse.
Soft to the touch, with a bright tone thanks to the stainless steel core, these strings use Elixir's NanoWeb coating to extend their life and snap.
Get range and clarity out of your 7-string guitar with these Cobalt Slinky strings. Cobalt construction attracts pickup magnets more than other string alloys.
The Luna Tribal concert ukulele sports tribal tattoos on its mahogany body and is a breeze to play thanks to pearl dot inlays on its walnut fretboard.
Place your guitar at the ideal height and angle for performing with this electric guitar stand. Its felt-lined support arm keeps your axe in place.
Designed with longtime EMG endorser Gary Holt, this matched set of 81 and 89R pickups features the Slayer guitarist's preferred custom red pickup covers.
Loaded with the Crossroads Set of Strat-style pickups, this EMG RA-2 pre-wired pickup is a simple solution to giving your Strat instant Clapton-esque tone.
Easily electrify your 5-string banjo with this EMG ACB-5 active banjo pickup, featuring everything you need to safely install on your instrument of choice.
Classical guitars are susceptible to bumps and scratches too. Keep your Ibanez GA classical safe inside this custom-fit hardshell case.
High-quality leather and suede make this a classy-looking strap that's also comfortable on your shoulder, while the Gibson logo makes a true statement.
You'll become a believer in the power of reverberation from the spring, hall, and one-of-a-kind Flerb effects on the EHX Holy Grail Digital Reverb pedal.
Lightweight and fully programmable, the Hotone Patch Kommander gives you four true-bypass loops and a built-in input buffer for keeping your signal pristine.
Explore the tonal variety found in three of Ernie Ball's most popular sets of acoustic strings: Earthwood 80/20 Bronze, Phosphor Bronze, and Aluminum Bronze.
Be careful, this 7-string Viper bites hard. The stripped down Black Metal model's Seymour Duncan "Blackened" Black Winter humbucker dishes out brutal tones.
Take control over your tremolo's rate, depth, or both with this Ernie Ball Expression Series pedal. The durable aluminum chassis is ready to take any stage.
With light top strings and heavy bottom strings, this 8-string pack offers excellent balance across the full range of your 8-string guitar.
The lightweight On-Stage GBE4770 Deluxe gig bag protects your electric guitar from harm with its foam-padded interior and sturdy nylon exterior.
Have the peace of mind of a locking strap without modification or bulky hardware. The Ernie Ball PolyLock strap secures to your existing strap buttons.
The D'Addario EXP10 acoustic guitar strings feature an exclusive EXP coating which provides a built-in barrier against corrosion and wear.
Mangle your guitar tone with 8 different drive circuits on the Analog Drive from Elektron. A powerful EQ section sculpts your sound with surgical precision.
Compatible with most brands, the Pig Hog "Pig Power" 10 Spot daisy chain lets you power ten pedals using one 9V adapter, with 9.5" of space between each one.
Designed for use with the Stomp Box Modelers and AX2, this pedal can be used to morph between settings or for a wah or volume pedal.
Replace your current speakers with a speaker with real guts. The Ramrod Red Coat Guitar Speaker looks and sounds great.
Show off your patriotism while producing the loudest, bell sounding tones money can buy with this Ragin' Cajun Patriot Guitar Speaker.
Paul Reed Smith brings the bolt-on back to the lineup! The PRS CE24 boasts a bolt-on neck platform and signature F-holes that supply lush harmonic richness.
Use this pedal as a boost from rhythm to solos or as a standard volume pedal. It has a footswitchable minimum volume feature.
Power 2 amps in unison while reducing unwanted noise and gain loss and also keeping your guitar's natural tone in tact. It's ideal for large stages.
Secure your guitar with a trusted name. This nylon strap comes in your choice of black with the Gibson logo or black with a lightning bolt.
Perfect for players with smaller statures, the Mustang's short scale makes it an easy player. The Yosemite single-coils add clarity and body to your sound.
Keep your D'Angelico guitar looking like new for years with this hardshell case. Designed for SS Series guitars, this case features premium gold latches.
Built for mind-bending speed, this Charvel San Dimas Style 1 features an ash body and graphite-reinforced neck for scorching sound and mean aesthetics.
Striking Mexican ziricote comprises the back and sides of this Breedlove Pursuit Concert CE, providing pronounced lows and highs and rich, responsive tone.
Are you always on the road? Keep your electric guitar damage-free by strapping it cozily inside this padded gig bag/hardshell hybrid case.
Fender tweaks the Jazzmaster just a bit for this American Performer model. A Strat-style vintage-style tremolo replaces the traditional bridge and tailpiece.


Don't replace your whole set of strings, replace only the string or strings you need to with these individually wrapped strings from D'Addario.
D'Addario EXP11 acoustic guitar strings feature an exclusive EXP coating which helps strings last three times longer than regular strings.
This 2.5" wide Levy's leather strap is designed specifically for acoustic and resonator guitars, letting players set theirs at the perfect height on stage.
Show off your appreciation for Stryper with this Michael Sweet signature Parallaxe! A set of Duncan Designed active humbuckers produces bone-shaking tones.
This rugged stand safely holds up to 6 guitars without tipping over -- and when it's time to load out, it folds up like a briefcase that's only 5.25" thick.
The Gator Gig Box Jr's removable lid converts to a stand that keeps up to three guitars ready to play, while the base functions as a powered pedalboard.
Combine the classic shape with the unparalleled feel of celluloid with this premium Fender 351 pick. Celebrate your playing with the fun confetti colors.
Housed in a maple enclosure, this single-coil ProMag Plus XM gives a smooth high-end response, perfect for acoustic players looking for bell-like harmonics.
Get a grip on your playing with these Frost-Byte nylon grip picks. Available in a range of thicknesses, these will feel like they're frozen to your fingers.
For an aggressive classic rock sound, the 6L6BD Duet is your tube. It's the tube of choice for most medium-powered Fender amps.
Develop your classical guitar chops with the Protoge C1M from Cordoba. A spruce top and mahogany back and sides project with stunning clarity and sweet tone.
With its plush lining and durable nylon shell, the ESP Deluxe Electric Guitar Gig Bag protects your instrument from dust, dirt, and damage.
Got a sweet Destroyer DT520 or DT520FM? This protective case's plush interior will fit your guitar snugly, and keep it safe when you're not melting faces.
The perfect partner for your prized Gretsch guitar, this adjustable guitar strap really stands out with its retro jacquard weave pattern.
An enduring favorite among no-frills electric guitars, the left-handed Gibson 2019 LP Junior Tribute DC pairs modern playability with vintage looks and tone.
Composed of a heavy-duty maraging steel with a cobalt wrap wire, Ernie Ball M-Steel electric guitar strings are built to last and deliver super high output.
Take everything you love about the crisp jangle of Filter'Trons, kick the output up a few notches and you'll have something like Seymour Duncan Psyclones.
Blending classic Martin craftsmanship with a modern high-performance neck, this 00-28 acoustic represents the perfect marriage of old-school and new-school.
Make your bass grooves ring out by winding up your 5-string with the crisp tone and lighter tension of Dunlop Marcus Miller Super Bright bass strings.
Find endless compression options in a tiny package with the TC Electronic HyperGravity Mini. With TonePrint technology, a world of settings are at your feet.
Stay in-tune and buzz-free up and down the neck with the Ned Steinberger-designed Planet Waves NS Tri-action guitar capo.
Use the Warden V2 for ultra-transparent compression, or crank the sustain to squash your signal. This optical compressor easily juices up your tone's mojo.
These Ernie Ball Clear and Silver nylon strings will add rich clarity and easy playability to your classical guitar and are great for an array of styles.
This Hot Rod amp may be small, but it fills out a stage with its pure Fender tone and 15 watts of power. Add a stomp box to the mix for even more power.
Infused with Brazilian carnauba wax, the Music Nomad All-in-1 Guitar Care Spray is an acoustically transparent cleaning solution safe for all types of wood.
Made by expert luthiers in Takamine's pro facility in Japan, the TC132SC resonates beautifully from its rosewood back and sides and cedar top.
Built around a single piece of bent aluminum, the RockBoard QUAD 4.2 is a large-format horizontal pedalboard with tons of room and an included flight case.
Dual TV Jones Classic Filter'Tron pickups and a treble bleed circuit give this Gretsch Vintage 59 Duo Jet an authentic tone, true to its 1959 specs.
Built into a more compact housing than the 1976 original, this Deluxe Electric Mistress harbors the same resonant flange in a more board-friendly footprint.
NYXLs allow you to play your hardest 8-string riffs with less string breakage. The high-carbon steel alloy offers unmatched strength and tuning stability.
A master of gritty, dirty tone and pitch bending thanks to its enhanced reed system, the Hohner 532 wails away with true blues style.
Restore the luster to your frets as you remove tarnish and smooth them out with this fret polishing cloth. You'll play with more confidence on clean frets!
Increase the dynamic range and sustain of your favorite Telecaster with this full-contact Babicz FCH Z Series Tele bridge, featuring an eCAM saddle system.
Built with a classic JRC4558 integrated circuit chip, the East River Overdrive slings classic drive ranging from sweet to searing with the turn of a knob.
For the first time since production ceased in the 1960s, the full tone of "Bethanized Steel" strings can now be yours with D'Angelico's Electrozinc strings.
A true player's axe, the Pro Mod So Cal Style 1 HH FR delivers the speed and stability that you can only get with a Floyd Rose bridge and a reinforced neck.
Strap on these punchy and powerful Ernie Ball Slinky 5-string electric bass strings for an aggressive attack that cuts through the mix.
Designed with an angled headstock for extra string resonance, the Dean MLX electric guitar is comfortable to play and delivers an aggressive rock sound.
Kick on this D'Addario tuner pedal for fast note detection and incredible accuracy. Housed in a mini aluminum enclosure, this tuner fits on most boards.
You've heard this pedal before! Go for the original and legendary Big Muff sound, or flick the Wicker switch for a thick, distorted growl with top-end bite.
Give your guitar a little magic with DR Dragon Skin coated electric strings -- they're made to sound great and to keep that sound going longer.
Guns N' Roses fans: pick up a set of these collector guitar picks, which feature custom artwork to celebrate this epic band's historic reunion.
Reduce pick attack and bring out your acoustic's natural tone with Martin Retro acoustic strings, made with classic -- and classic-sounding -- Monel steel.
Clamp all 12 strings without going out of tune with this capo, which is designed specifically for the 12 string guitar. It allows for easy, one-hand operation.
Perfect as a starter guitar for young players -- or as a comfy couch strummer -- the AW54JR-OPN features a compact dreadnought shape and forearm contour.
Your guitar is going to look as good as your playing sounds when you use a little elbow grease and shine your guitar with this polishing cloth from Gibson.
Want to clean an amp or case without ruining the finish? Use Music Nomad MN107 amp and case cleaner and conditioner for a moisture- and dust-resistant shine.
Your prized dreadnought deserves nothing less than the perfect fit and ample padding that the Mono Vertigo guitar case provides.
Mono's Dolittle strap sports a sleek, minimalist look that complements almost any guitar. Heavy duty Hypalon end panels keep your guitar secure.
D'Addario's heaviest gauge flatwound electric guitar strings offer the smooth tone and easy responsiveness preferred by a long list of jazz players.
The Celestion Alnico Blue is one of the most famous guitar speakers made. Paired with a vintage amp or any other, the Celestion Alnico Blue sounds fantastic.
With a cork ring pressed into the center of a standard celluloid pick, this Clayton pick helps you keep a better grip and control your playing.
Capture the tone of your favorite spring reverbs with the JHS Spring Tank. Select between two separate reverb "tank" settings to adjust your tone on the fly.
Perfect for keeping your EVH guitar safe, this premium gig bag features a water resistant polyester exterior and is padded with 20mm foam and red plush.
This limited-run Epiphone pays tribute to what some consider the most beautiful guitar ever: the 1955 Les Paul Custom with soapbar pickups and gold hardware.
Get the best of both worlds with the Orchestra CE CD/IN. This classical acoustic-electric offers steel-string feel with a thinner neck and narrow fretboard.
Producing Strat tones reminiscent of legends like Clapton, Beck and Hendrix, the EMG Crossroads set provides a low-noise version of vintage single-coils.
Discover a different voice for your guitar with these Colbalt strings from Ernie Ball. The cobalt formula provides increased dynamic range with more low end.
With a full-size uke, a carry bag, picks, extra strings, instructional software, and more, the eMedia mahogany ukulele pack has the essentials to get you started.
Conveniently place this footswitch anywhere thanks to wireless technology. Use this conventionally with your amp, or explore its full capability in your DAW.
This tube from Tung-Sol is a perfect replacement for any 12AU7 or ECC82 circuit. Built to original 6189 specs, it can be useful as a driver or preamp tube.
Don't sacrifice full-size playability for a travel guitar. This compact, lightweight Mini OCE serves up loud projection and conventional string spacing.
With substantial projection, sustain and playability, this Breedlove Discovery dreadnought is the perfect starting point for beginning acoustic players.
Ibanez's AFC151 packs a secret weapon: its Magic Touch-Mini pickup delivers silky smooth clarity on the top end, and robust, never muddy tone on the low end.
An all-maple body and solid spruce center block add stability, sustain and feedback resistance to this highly popular, Little Bucker-loaded Starfire IV.
Ideal for guitar techs on the move, this maintenance kit from Ernie Ball holds all the necessary tools for string changes, upkeep and guitar or bass setups.
Don't settle for an average grip -- grab for a Prime Grip! These Dunlop picks have a low-profile grip so you can really dig in for nuanced attack.
Add more output and sustain to your strat with this single coil pickup. It features Alnico rod magnets.
Equipped with heavy-duty wheels for easy transport, this pro-grade ATA-approved tour case fits Pedaltrain Classic PRO, Novo 32 and PT-PRO pedalboards.
Rip into a shred-worthy axe without spending a fortune. The ESP LTD M-400 has an extra thin flat neck, a comfortable, contoured body, and EMG 81/85 pickups.
Authentically reproduce the tone stack of Jimmy Page's iconic Hiwatt rig. The RAH is extremely tweakable and very uncompressed for a wide dynamic response.
Lose the bulky power strips and power all of your pedals from one power supply. This 2000 mA, single outlet power supply offers low noise floor.
If you're going to play guitar standing, you need a guitar strap -- why not get one as stylish as it is comfortable, like this 2.5" garment leather strap?
Get the tight bass, crystal mids and crunched highs of a passive PAF pickup and the power of an 81-style pickup by dropping an H4 into your favorite guitar.
Play a resonator? Try Elixir Polyweb 80/20 resonator strings for warm tone that sounds fresh for longer and a slick playing feel that you'll love.
The FV-30H's small footprint makes sacrificing pedalboard space for silky-smooth, pivoting volume control a thing of the past for traveling musicians.
Ibanez crafted a stunner with the AM153QA. A quilted ash semi-hollow body producers crisp resonant tone that pairs perfectly with Super 58 pickups.
Perfect for virtually all Fender-style electric guitars, this pre-slotted Graph Tech Tusq XL nut will work in either a flat or curved-bottom nut slot.
Get the ultimate in tone and performance with the EH line of power tubes. It features mica spacers with metal springs to eliminate the dreaded tube rattle.
Power up to 11 pedals from one convenient, single-outlet power supply. With a lifetime warranty, you'll never need to buy another power supply.
Use the Right Angle Daisy Chain to power up to 5 effects pedals. If it's linked to multible cable connectors, it can power over 20 effects pedals.
Grab onto more surface area with these triangular picks, which are virtually indestructible and are perfect for any bass player.
This handmade, solid mahogany ukulele with versatile 2-band piezo pickups will sound great on the beach, at home, or even in the studio.
Outfit your Tele or Starcaster with this Mojotone clone of the original 72 "wide range" humbucker, made in the vintage-correct size to fit wide range routes.
Comfortable yet shred-tastic, the Dunlop Jim Root Signature guitar pick combines the standard pick shape with a Jazz III tip for extra precision and speed.
Pay homage to vintage fuzz tone, or forge your own path forward with the highly tweakable tsunami of octave fuzz provided by the Wampler Fuzztration.
Be heard clearly! Martin M400 80/20 bronze mandolin strings project a bright tone with plenty of treble cut and a strong foundation of low end underneath.
The 2018 Firebird Studio offers tasteful beauty along with a killer sound. The all-mahogany construction and dual P-90 pickups produce a juicy midrange tone.
Fit any of your electric guitars in this extra-long hard case from Gator. It has a deluxe ABS exterior and EPS foam protective interior.
D'Angelico's Premier Niagara is a mini-dreadnought perfect for travel and ready for the stage with solid top, elegant binding and on-board preamp and tuner.
Rock out with Dimebag Darrell's go-to set of strings. DR High Voltages boast extreme resilience and a tight, rich tone to accentuate aggressive playing.
Get raw distortion that's clear instead of muddy with this high output humbucker pickup. It has a ceramic magnet and hot symmetrical coils.
Secure your pedals to your board using On-Stage hook and loop strips. These easy-to-apply strips form a strong bond that stands up to heavy use.
This Little Martin may be small, but it packs a sonic punch. It features onboard Fishman Sonitone electronics, so it's perfect for the campfire or the stage.
Looking for the "Holy Grail" of picks? Meticulously scrutinized, these picks are replicas of the famous Herco Flex 75 picks from the '60s and '70s.
Enjoy a re-energized frequency range with NYXL strings. The high-carbon NY Steel core increases durability produces deeper lows and accentuated harmonics.
This pickup offers the perfect blend of smooth tone, sustain, and distortion. It's perfect for everything from blues to metal.
This redesigned Martin D-41 dreadnought features a 45-style CFM block headstock, high performance neck, and beautifully intricate abalone hex inlay work.
Developed for Mr. Big's Paul Gilbert, the DP242 PG-13 mini neck humbucker is fatter and creamier than its bridge counterpart, while retaining brightness.
Start strumming now! This Arcadia package offers new players the works -- a spruce-top acoustic guitar, picks, a strap, digital tuner and extra strings.
This On-Stage Daisy Chain lets you connect up to eight pedals to a power source. You can even connect chains together to power even more pedals!
Generate, modify, combine and distribute CV signals from your Moogerfoogers and more, with Moog's incredibly flexible, easy-to-use CP-251 Control Processor.
Delivering 1,500 mA through ten DC outlets, the compact and reliable T-Rex FuelTank powers all your pedals, keeping you cruising on full night after night.
This easy-to-use humidifier maintains a humid environment within your acoustic instrument's case, ensuring a long life without warping or cracking.
Made with proprietary material that evokes the tonality of gut strings, Martin Magnifico Premium classical guitar strings produce a warm, authentic sound.
A 2" width and easy-slide polypropylene backing make this garment leather guitar strap a comfortable, convenient option for guitarists and bassists alike.
An interesting tonal alternative to a 12" guitar speaker, the G15V-100 delivers extended low-end response to enhance your amp's sound without coloration.
With an HSH configuration and 2 mini-switches, the 509 offers 9 unique pickup options. The Gen III tremolo system enhances fidelity and maximizes sustain.
Made from veg-tan leather (Levy's premium strap material), the MSS90 is built to last for years supporting the heaviest strap-worn instrument -- bass guitar.
Don't kill the luau with an out-of-tune ukulele. This tuner from Kala is specifically designed for use with ukes of any size.
Rock a PRS guitar? Get a strap to match -- this charcoal grey nylon strap is made of the same material as your seatbelt and sports the PRS logo on the front.
These "Players' Choice" round wound, nickel-plated strings are a popular gauge for 12-string electric guitars. They create a bright, jangly sound.
The sound of '80s, '90s and today's best metal comes alive in the Behringer HM300 Heavy Metal. Dial in your most heinous tones on its 2-band EQ.
Everyone needs a good microfiber cloth; even guitarists! This Taylor microfiber cloth is perfect for applying guitar polish or fretboard oil.
Take your leads to the next level with this distortion stomp box. It features 2 channels of raw distortion perfect for hard rock and metal guitarists.
Equip your guitar with a Tune-O-Matic Bridge. It comes with everything you need for assembly in chrome or gold.
Bask in tonal versatility thanks to this EC-1000's many pickup options. Choose Seymour Duncan humbuckers, a Fishman Piezo Powerbridge pickup -- or both!
Lighten your load and tighten your tone! Eminence's Legend EM12N neodymium speaker is lighter than the EM12, with the same clear tone and a tighter response.
It's hard to deny the power and projection of Sitka spruce and mahogany in a dreadnought. Experience that power for yourself with this Breedlove Discovery.
Don't just be a traveller, be a voyager. This Reunion Blues RB Continental Voyager case protects your LP-style guitar in a lightweight, stylish design.
Get the sound of mahogany minus the back-breaking weight -- the Ibanez SA260fm Flame Top electric has a contoured body for lightweight comfort and huge tone.
Safe for any fretboard finish, this Fender string cleaning solution comes in its own applicator. Just rub it up and down your strings to prolong their life.
When artists drive innovation, everyone wins. Dunlop's Kirk Hammett Jazz III pick incorporates Kirk's custom V-cut design for better stability and handling.
The Joe Perry Signature Slide is a must for any slide guitarist or Aerosmith fan. It's perfect for both acoustic and electric guitars.
Exotically aggressive, this koa-topped Schecter E1 sports an eye-catching look matched by the mean tone of two Schecter USA Custom Shop San Andreas pickups.
Start out with a guitar that plays smooth and rocks hard! The Ibanez GRG120ZW GiO electric guitar's jumbo frets and tremolo bridge make playing easy and fun.
Mount the Seymour Duncan Woody XL to the soundhole of your acoustic guitar to capture every nuance of your playing, from fingerstyle to jangly strumming.
Get the classic in-between Strat quack that only reverse-wound, reverse-polarity design can deliver with this Duncan SSL-1 Vintage Staggered RWRP pickup.
Strap on this leather Levy's strap for instant attitude! The bullet decorations across this strap help ensure no one messes with you at the gig.
Customize or repair your bass cabinet with this Eminence BGH25-8 tweeter. With a frequency range of 2500Hz-20kHz, its a great addition to a variety of cabs.
A shredder's dream come true, Dunlop's Stubby Jazz picks pair the smooth contoured edge and sure grip of Stubby picks with the sharp tip of Jazz III picks.
Designed and tested by bass players, these strings combine Dunlop's super bright design with the sparkling tone of steel for a tone that really sizzles.
Rock just like the Starchild with this axe's Seymour Duncan '59 and Custom 5 humbuckers, and rip across its smooth-playing ebony fretboard.
Capture the colorful look of Sgt. Pepper's with this guitar strap. Made by D'Addario with vegan-friendly material, this strap celebrates a musical milestone.
A solid stalwart especially suited to strumming, the Taylor 410eR's spruce/mahogany combination produces a full-range tone with big bass and clear treble.
Based on Fender's '60s-era 6G15 outboard spring reverb tanks, the Topanga features a discrete preamp, offering clean boost plus dwell, tone and mix controls.
A wide thin profile maple neck and 26.5" scale make the SE SVN a breeze to play, and its seven string-modified 85/15 "S" pickups give full, yet focused tone.
Get your hands a part of Fender history with this replica '51 Nocaster. The aged ash body and quartersawn flame maple neck make this axe something special.
You'll want to stock up on these classic celluloid picks from Fender. The 346 shape has a larger grip size that's perfect for bassists or heavy strummers.
With its push/pull feature, this potentiometer from DiMarzio is great for adding coil tapping or phase wiring options to your guitar's pickup configuration.
Make quick work of any string-changing situation. Perfect for guitar techs, this bit attaches to any cordless screwdriver to safely wind any guitar's tuners.
Get more sweep out of your guitar with this Mojotone Vintage Taper 250K CTS pot, featuring 30% taper and a beveled edge split shaft for easy knob attachment.
The Reunion Blues RBCA2 soft case provides more protection than a standard gig bag -- with an interior so plush, you'll almost be jealous of your guitar.
With its non-cutaway body shape, the Tonare offers a beefy sound. A spruce top and exotic ovangkol back and sides combine to produce a bright, complex tone.
Limited to 60 pieces worldwide, this limited-edition Axis Super Sport features a gorgeous koa top with a sizzling pair of DiMarzio Custom Wound humbuckers.
Improve the playability, harmonic content and tuning stability of your favorite Epiphone-style guitar with this pre-slotted Tusq XL nut from Graph Tech.
Whether you're replacing a loose connection in your guitar, or finishing off a new build, this 2-conductor output jack includes hardware to get the job done.
Thanks to its non-hemmed edge and high-quality microfiber, the Music Nomad Suede Instrument Polishing Cloth is the professional's choice for instrument care.
From subtle pulsations to a full-on helicopter attack, your tremolo will sound like no one else's when you plug into the dynamic Wampler Latitude Deluxe.
The Super-Sonic 22 is sure to impress vintage and modern-voiced amp enthusiasts alike. Powered by 6L6s this amp offers classic Fender tone with modern edge.
Nut Sauce will keep you rocking in tune, no matter what. It's easy to apply, and because it's non-toxic and non-corrosive, there's no damage to your guitar.
Project a natural sound with Martin M465 monel-wound mandolin strings. Monel is an alloy that encourages mellow, warm tones with full bass and less treble.
Wind up your 12-string acoustic with Elixir strings. Their proprietary Nanoweb coating is a super-thin layer of protection against corrosion and rust.
Martin pays tribute to John Lennon in this D-28. This guitar features an inlaid peace sign on its rosewood back and fretboard inlays evoking Lennon's legacy.
Practical and stylish, this sturdy case is built to protect your tenor ukulele from the damage, bumps, and drops that accompany travel.
Open up the range of your ukulele and strum in different keys with this G7th UltraLight ukulele capo. Adjustable tension fits a variety of necks.
Great on your pedalboard or in your amp's effects loop, the Wampler Mini Faux spring reverb pedal has been upgraded for bigger sound and a more compact size.
String up your 9-string and shred the night away with this specially selected 9-105 set of tempered, tin-plated, high-carbon steel Slinkys from Ernie Ball.
Get that cranked, treble-boosted AC30 tone without the incredible volume usually needed. Roll back the volume knob on your guitar for cleaner, jangly tone.
Give your Gretsch a cozy home. The Gretsch G6242L case has a plush, padded interior and a tough exterior, so you know your guitar will be safe.
Supercharge your playing and tone with this Jake E Lee signature axe from Charvel USA. A pair of angled DiMarzio SDS-1 single coils create a distinct tone.
Keep this travel-size Martin guitar on hand at all times. It's light, compact, and made of solid wood for a sound bigger than its body would have you guess.
Your power tubes matter! With Tri-lam plate material and selected screen wire, the EL84EH perfectly captures the musical tone of the original Mullard design.
Hand-painted and aged, each Right On Leathercraft Blackguard Series guitar strap is completely one-of-a-kind and made from premium, durable genuine leather.
Apply TUNE-IT to your guitar's nut, bridge saddles, and string trees to protect against corrosion and keep your strings in-tune and unbroken longer.
Guitarists love Ernie Ball's Cobalt Slinky strings for their soft, silky feel. Colbalt's strong magnetic link to your pickups delivers a hotter output.
Duality humbuckers combine passive voicing and active dynamics into a powerfully versatile set for a strong midrange, articulate lows and clear high end.
For incredible craftsmanship and gorgeous styling, look no further than the K24ceV. Juiced sustain and volume are made possible by Taylor's V-Class bracing.
This Kyser G4V Quick-Change capo proudly shows off your patriotic style, and rightfully so: it's handmade in Texas and all profits benefit military veterans.
This ultra-portable tool kit has everything you need to perfectly set up your guitar or bass. The 19-piece bit set is suited to work with most instruments.
Your guitar will look like it did after it left the workshop when you use this complete guitar care package featuring a cleaner, fretboard oil, and polish.
The J Rockett Touch overdrive is exactly what it sounds like: a touch-sensitive dirt pedal that chimes when played lightly and screams when you dig in.
The perfect pick for plucking banjo or playing guitar fingerstyle, this Dunlop thumb pick slides onto your thumb and gives you control when playing.
Play with the same angry distortion as Dimebag Darrell. It delivers crushing distortion but remains tight at the same time.
Don't let its small size fool you, the Ghoul Junior packs quite the punch! Choose from three gain styles to deliver the exact type of sizzling tone you need.
This Historic Gibson ES-335 commemorates the model's 1963 edition, when it first sported block inlays. The classic tone is recreated by its MHS humbuckers.
Want to electrify your mando? Install this archtop mandolin piezo pickup. The Fishman M300 consistently delivers bright, lively, yet transparent tone.
Designed by Andy Fuchs himself, the Valve Job delivers crunchy tube overdrive that reacts to your playing dynamics via the touch control knob.
Take your pick! This "test pack" of six guitar picks has a variety of shapes and sizes, to help you find the one that fits your style best.
Hear peaks and valleys of rich, lusciously warm pulsating modulated tremolo with the Walrus Audio Monument. A tap tempo ensures your trem is always on time.
Built with a reclaimed European fir top that's dated to be at least 140 years old, this Washburn parlor acoustic guitar rings with truly "timeless" tone.
Try this beast of an amp with four EL84 matched output tubes and 3x12AX7 preamp tubes.
Four 12" Celestion 80-watt loudspeakers pack this Blackstar HTV-412A Mark II cabinet with all the raw British tone you can handle at an unbeatable value.
Music Nomad's Spanner wrench tightens several tough-to-reach spots on your guitar, like pickup selector rings and Tune-O-Matic bridge posts, and under knobs.
Shred ergonomically with the multi-scale design of this Jackson Dinky. Fanned frets improve overall playing comfort as well as string tension and intonation.
Recreate the sounds of the first ever Telecaster pickup with this vintage pickup. It replicates the fat, vintage tone of the 1948 pickup.
Save yourself the hassle of repeatedly changing batteries with the Fishman Fluence pack. One charge via its mini-USB plug provides weeks of playing.
Looking for vintage PAF boldness? Crafted with alnico magnets, the Seymour Duncan SH-55 lets players get the warm humbucker tone that Seth Lover made famous.
Melt loads of faces with this Brent Hinds signature Flying V in stylish Silverburst! Squeeze a ton of tone from Brent's very own Lace Hammer Claw pickups.
Dressed in a limited-edition "blonde" tolex, this Blackstar Artist 15 combo kicks out 15W of expressive tone via 6L6 tubes and a Celestion V-Type speaker.
A digital recreation of the Shin-Ei Uni-Vibe, this vibrato pedal from TC Electronic churns out luscious, syrupy vibe tone reminiscent of Hendrix and Floyd.
Protect your concert ukulele with this stylish, sturdy hard case. Its tweed exterior paired with gold hardware give it a distinguished, classy look.
This kit's got all you need to keep your fingerboard clean: cleaning fluid, conditioner oil, a fret polishing cloth and a 100% cotton polishing cloth.
Made of suede for utmost comfort and longevity, this Ernie Ball guitar strap is a stylish choice for any player and is adjustable up to 72".
Release some pent-up aggression with the Man-O-War Guitar speaker. It provides a mean, meaty tone that's perfect for all types of rock, especially metal.
Made from the same material found in luxury vehicles, this Dunlop Deluxe Seatbelt Strap will comfortably hold even the heaviest instrument for hours on end.
If you crave a soulful, bluesy sound full of well-balanced resonance, the vintage-inspired Washburn R60BCE Resonator is the guitar for you.
A true breakthrough in pickup design, the Fishman Fluence offers remarkably clear, hum-free single coil tone, plus two distinct, switchable voicings.
Get the most from your guitar tone when using two amps. The Detonator features buffered outputs to drive long cables, as well as a handy phase invert switch.
These strings are made with the Martin player in mind. They are top-quality, comfortable, and long lasting bronze acoustic strings.
The Heart Attack packs 3-band EQ, variable impedance out, and an FX loop in a tiny 5-watt head, plus it has enough gain to incite cardiac arrest!
Need a slide for your lap steel? With its comfortable, easy-to-grip body, Dunlop's Lap Dawg tone bar is a great choice.
This Ibanez hollowbody sports elegant looks and articulate sound courtesy of its Magic Touch-Mini humbuckers and resonant spruce top.
Get pint-sized Sabbath tone with this Laney Mini Supergroup Stereo amp. Clocking in at 6 watts, this portable amp can go anywhere and sound huge doing it.
Dial in a huge range of tones, from vintage crunch to modern cleans, with this EL-84 tube-powered combo version of the Laney L20 Lionheart guitar amplifier.
Treat your valued guitar right with Martin M2200 Marquis acoustic strings, which include silk-wrapped ball ends for protection from scratches and wear.
With an arched, quilted maple top, bound mahogany body and fast maple neck, this Ibanez SA460QM delivers tuning stability and warm, fat, articulate tone.
You always need more picks! These Ernie Ball glow-in-the-dark guitar picks look cool on stage -- and if you drop your pick, they're easy to find in the dark.
With a heavily saturated square wave fuzz, powerful LFO control and warm, synth-style filter, the FOOZ will turn your guitar or bass into an analog synth.
With a design that is meant to be seen from any angle, the PWCT13 NS Micro clips to your headstock and features a reversible backlit LCD for dark stages.
Fishman's FT-4 works as a clip-on tuner and microphone tuner, plus it's a metronome -- providing easy-to-read accurate pitch (and beat) readings anywhere.
A perfect fit for the head and combo versions of the Bassbreaker 15 and 007, this 1x12" cab features a single Celestion V-type speaker for powerful tone.
With an instrument cable, strap, picks, strings, polish and a polish cloth, this accessory pack from Ernie Ball is chock-full of must-haves for guitarists.
Skip lugging the bulky cab around. The CabDryVR features 14 different guitar and bass cab impulse responses, so you can run a DI with quality cab emulation.
Get your hands on the Cordoba F7 flamenco-style nylon-stringed guitar. Its lightweight cypress body creates a surprisingly loud, resonant tone.
These high-capacity Ansmann 2V rechargeable AA batteries are quick to charge and provide lasting power to a huge range of devices.
Built to Brad's not-so-simple requirements, the Paisley Drive V2 features high-grade film capacitors and responds well to pick attack and volume control.
Designed to look and play like a mini electric guitar, guitarists and ukulele players alike will covet the Vorson FSUK-1 electric ukulele.
Built to deliver Telecaster twang, and wax potted twice for feedback resistance, the DiMarzio DP172 "Twang King" neck pickup adds some bite to your rhythm.
Stack up to three guitars on this K&M multi-stand. Protective bars placed between each spot keep your guitars in place and not bumping each other!
Looking to beef up your sound? Add a baritone electric guitar to your lineup. Made for metal, the Ibanez RGIB6 adds deep, dark tone you'll love.
Learn to play over 1000 guitar chords. Each chord in this book is illustrated 3 different ways for varying levels of difficulty.
Preferred by experimental players like Johnny Greenwood, the Fender Starcaster boasts a unique semi-hollow design -- now updated with Wide Range humbuckers.
With the optimal gauge combination for dropped tunings, Beefy Slinkys are ideal for metal guitarists. Try this Cobalt version for a hotter, clearer output.
Stand out from the pack with a Jackson Pro Soloist SL2Q HT. Its compound-radius fretboard, jumbo frets, and rock-solid hardware enable light-speed shredding.
Keep your strings clean with Ernie Ball Wonder Wipes. Its special formula eliminates dirt, dust, and acid while preserving the tone of your strings.
Good enough for the punishing tones created by Lamb of God's Will Adler, this signature pickup set also sports a worn gold appearance for vintage style.
Featuring an extremely accessible Ibanez AE-style cutaway body, this AE315-NT is perfect for players looking to reach up into the highest acoustic registers.
DiMarzio Air Norton and The Tone Zone pickups give this Ibanez RGEW521FM a sophisticated roar to perfectly match its stage-stealing flame maple top.
Provide your Katana head the protection it deserves with this slick amp cover. The durable polyester exterior will keep your amp looking new for a long time.
A clone of the holy grail of vintage humbuckers, the Mojotone '59 Clone set is ideal for tone purists seeking the articulation of late '50s PAF pickups.
Featuring ergonomic contours, the AEWC400 represents a breakthrough in acoustic guitar comfort. Flame maple body construction adds pizzazz and a tight sound.
With eleven savable loop phrase banks and 8GB of internal memory, the WALLY+ can record and store 330 total minutes of loop time with unlimited overdubbing.
With a 500 watts pushing a 12" Celestion speaker and a high-frequency driver, the Friedman ASC12 powered cabinet brings your digital modeling amp to life.
Easy to mount and natural-looking, the Seymour Duncan SA3HC Woody acoustic guitar pickup eliminates hum and delivers transparent tone with a moderate output.
Accessorize your banjo with this gorgeous suede banjo strap. Its 2.5-inch width helps take some weight off your shoulders.
Carry your uke without worrying about dust, moisture, or clumsy morons! Gator's GB-4G-UKE CON 4G ukelele bag has padding and reinforcement for extra comfort.
Outfit your favorite Tele-style guitar with a range of acoustic and hybrid acoustic-electric sounds with this Fishman VT Powerbridge piezo bridge pickup.
The 21.5" short-scale of the Reverend Billy Corgan Terz allows for punchy, shimmering tones with a G-C-F-A#-D-G tuning rather than capoing at the third fret.
With a high-power, 16-ohm Celestion G12M-65 Creamback and Baltic birch construction, the Friedman Runt 1x12 guitar cabinet puts out hefty, bass-heavy tone.
Get ready to make some sweet music with this American-made Schecter PT. Outfitted with a pair of SuperRock Vintage humbuckers, this PT is ready to growl.
Tough yet flexible, the On Stage UPK300 felt ukulele picks feel great in your fingers and help your ukulele produce a nice, soft sound.
Take your stage presence up a few notches with this metal machine. The Megadeth lead singer's signature model features high-output Dean DMT humbuckers.
Superb definition and rich midrange make these 10-inch speakers ideal for crafting a vintage rock and roll tone without sounding muddy.
Plug in and let Hot Sake torch your tonal taste buds with overdrive that flirts with the border of distortion, yet remains crisp and clean when needed.
Match your Martin's timeless style by wearing this comfortable, 2.5" wide suede Martin guitar strap.
With a sound that's at once brilliant and powerful, these roundwound electric bass strings are chosen by top 5-string bassists.
Clean off your fretboard and protect it from future dirt and dust collection with this lemon oil from Dunlop.
Utilizing ceramic magnets in the bridge and Alnico 5 in the neck, this EMG Retro Active Hot 70 pickup set slings tone akin to late '70s Van Halen and ZZ Top.
Take the hassle out of changing a string. This pegwinder feature a steel axle that enables smooth rotation and also contains a built-in bridge pin puller.
Dean Markley's elliptical wiring process allows for extra wraps around the core, which gives these Helix HD strings enhanced output and sustain.
Ukulele players can be rock stars, too. Get ready to shred on this electric solidbody uke -- with dual single-coil pickups, it's like a tiny electric guitar.
Tailor-made for taller players, this Levy's strap extends all the way from 41 to 67 inches. Its genuine leather construction ensures maximum playing comfort.
Learn to play the harmonica on the simple and affordable Old Standby, designed to produce the classic harp sounds you expect.
Two vibration-sensing piezo elements embedded inside of an adjustable ebony bridge give this Fishman Archtop pickup a truly accurate acoustic ambience.
Enjoy solid tuning stability and thick tone with this S2 Singlecut thanks to an adjustable stoptail bridge, low mass locking tuners and two PRS #7 pickups.
Perfect for multi-instrumentalists, this harmonica holder allows hands-free playing. This holder easily fits 10-20 hole harmonicas up to 6 1/2" in length.
The Ibanez AFV10A electric guitar has very nostalgic details, like its art deco-style tailpiece, antique chrome hardware, and low gloss finish.
Les Paul Studios offer players the high-end playing experience without the high price. This lefty model features a screaming pair of 490R and 498T pickups.
Keep your guitar looking like new. This polishing cloth is the same kind of microfiber cloth that Fender uses to detail new instruments in their factory.
Got a solidbody electric ukulele? Always have extra strings on hand. This pack includes 4 single electric guitar strings in the right gauges for your uke.
A great choice for students or beginning guitarists, the Yamaha CG102 Classical Acoustic offers all the quality of the GC line at an affordable price point.
The Rare Earth offers quieter reproduction and a full, natural sound. It features a switch that provides a treble boost.
DR Strings' Dragonskin Clear-Coated bronze acoustic strings are hard-coated using K3 technology, which protects from corrosion without interfering with tone.
The DP708's highs are smooth and the lows and mids are very open sounding. This balance allows presence and clarity to shine even through high gain amps.
Excellent for folk players, Martin 41M200 Silk and Steel acoustic strings tune with lower tension and have a soft playing feel, which is ideal for 12-string.
Take a trip back through time. The Crybaby Classic features the same Fasel inductors found in the original Crybaby wah.
Make weak sound and feedback a thing of the past. This pickup offers great, natural sound and features a slide volume control for easy adjustment.
Give your amp the voice of a legend. Celestion G12T 75-watt speakers have long been the standard in rock for their wide frequency response and gain handling.
A pair of Music Man custom humbuckers help this StingRay pump out thick rhythm and lead tones. The guitar's handsome roasted maple neck plays like a dream.
Your new go-to fuzz! The one-knob Erupter soaks your tone in hot lava with a big low end that's not too mushy, and a top end that bites without being harsh.
Choose between a standard wah effect or use the Humanizer mode to incorporate vowel sounds that resemble a human voice. It features a dedicated bass input.
With a full, chiming sound and tremendous looks, this Dean AXSD12 makes for an extremely affordable and attractive 12-string for intermediate players.
Coated for long-lasting performance and rust resistance, Elixir Nanoweb 7-string strings keep your guitar sounding fresher longer, and reduce finger squeak.
Don't let your guitar stand add bulk and tear-down time. The D&A Gigstand easily folds up when you're done performing and can fit right in your back pocket!
Keep your PODxt Live safe and secure when your loading in/out from the studio or the stage. It features thick 20mm padding.
Long-scale bassists will enjoy the supreme comfort and rich, punchy tone found in these soft-feeling XL bass strings.
Keep your TC multi-effects processor safe inside this gig bag. With 20mm of padding and a water-resistant exterior, no harm can come to your G-System.
If you play fast, these are the picks for you -- they feature hand-burnished edges and a body made of Ultex for killer durability and tonal definition.
This guitar has the price tag of a beginner guitar but the searing tone and features of a pro guitar. It features dual humbuckers and vintage-style tremolo.
At 22 watts, this killer amp is perfect for club gigs and more. Featuring footswitchable clean and dirty channels, the V22HD is a versatile tone machine.
Modeled on acoustic classics of yore, the PF12MH is a sapele dreadnought with bass-focused tone -- a great entry-level guitar for practice or performance.
Stimulate the sound of your regular, boring guitar rig with the Slammi Plus. This polyphonic pitch shifter has 3 different modes to excite any performance.
Get that vintage British crunch from the Wampler Plexi-Drive. This overdrive pedal includes a bass control to help emulate the sound of a fat 4x12 cabinet.
Made with a fan-braced select spruce top and mahogany back and sides, the Takamine GC1 classical guitar is visually striking and has a full-bodied sound.
Playing long sets with a heavy instrument can be rough on your shoulders. Keep comfortable with this gel shoulder pad. It easily slips over most straps!
The perfect size for using with your pinky, this metal slide is chromed and buffed for a smooth response and classic tone.
Get the classic tone and feel of a Martin acoustic without emptying your wallet. The DX1AE Macassar Burst dreadnought has a huge sound and a bold look.
Faithfully replicate the boing and drip of classic spring reverbs, and the swampy, springy goodness of vintage plate reverb with the Wampler Reflection.
Mono's M80 case provides custom-fit protection for your parlor-shaped acoustic guitar. Strap in your neck to its Headlock and travel worry-free.
With this advanced capo's micrometer tension adjustment, it's easier to keep your guitar in tune during and after capo use.
Mild overdrive or heavy gain? Scooped or pushed mids? However you like your dirty tone, Wampler's Pinnacle Standard can dish it up.
Recreate the exact sound of the original Alnico V Strat pickup. This pickup uses the same type of magnet wire and the same number of coil windings.
This Ernie Ball guitar strap features real Italian leather for an elegant look, and synthetic fur lining for the ultimate in comfort.
Coax a variety of tones out of this Cutlass RS thanks to a trio of custom Music Man pickups in HSS format. A roasted maple neck adds plenty of style points.
Designed for Dave Mustaine, Seymour Duncan created this Thrash Factor pickup set to have a tight low-end, slightly scooped mids and aggressive highs.
If you suffer from strain or chronic pain, the ultra-comfortable Ernie Ball Padded Neoprene guitar strap will help alleviate pain.
Transform your regular old amp into a rippin' tweed Deluxe with the Formula No. 55. Dial in everything from smokey clean jazz tones to raging overdrive.
This acoustic guitar is made for the eco-conscious player. It's made from woods like Sitka spruce and cherry managed in an ecologically responsible way.
Add the Gator GT-1407 accessory bag to your Transit Series guitar or bass gig bag for extra space to put pedals, cables, small tools, and other equipment.
Be good to your strings and they'll be good to you. This Music Nomad kit includes String Fuel cleaner and lubricant plus an easy-to-use applicator.
Sporting the graphic of Megadeth's signature Unibroue beer, along with high-output DMT humbuckers, this Dean Zero Dave Mustaine is a must-have for any fan.
Is that a miniature flame maple-topped Tele or a uke? You will be the one to decide who shreds and on what with this cool uke from Vorson.
Adding a 7th string to a classic design, the ESP EC-407 screams and growls with EMG 81-7 and 707 pickups, while its mahogany body delivers serious sustain.
Get a range of fuzz tones out of the Bogner Oxford thanks to a three-way fuzz switch, two gain modes, and the richness of a Rupert Neve Designs transformer.
With controls for mix, rate, depth, delay and treble-attenuating tone threshold, you can dial in anything from subtle and traditional to bold and soaking wet.
Craving that raucous 5150 tone? Hotone's Vulcan Five-0 recreates that heavy sound and has an FX loop, cab output and 1/8" headphone jack.
A lefty Tele that knows how to rock, this Squier Contemporary Telecaster HH is fueled by twin ceramic humbuckers for aggressive tone to push any amp.
Reach all the way up near the 20th fret with this jumbo cutaway acoustic electric guitar from Epiphone. It's perfect for the beginner and the pro.
Keep your strings in tune and maximize sustain with these string guides. These Fender guides add downward force on your strings for smooth playing.
Designed for those seeking the tone and look of an ES-335 in a smaller-bodied guitar, Gibson's 2019 ES-339 Studio has classic 57 humbuckers and MTC control.
Widely revered for their world-class rock 'n' roll tone, these long-lasting Slinkies provide a well-balanced and consistent tone for your 7-string axe.
The Pink Panther adds pristine digital repeats for a lush, atmospheric feel. Invoke a murky and modulated vintage flavor by choosing the tape delay mode.
Add the aggression of ceramic to your 7-string with Fishman Fluence Modern ceramic pickups. Their two-tone versatility adds sound options to your arsenal.
Get a variety of flange sounds for your guitar, bass, keyboard, or vocals with this effects pedal, which features manual, speed, width, and regen knobs.
Agile and powerful, with a stable Wilkinson tremolo bridge, the Reeves Gabrels Dirtbike isn't about extra options -- it's an essentials-only vehicle of rock.
Give your amp the illusion of an extra preamp tube. Equipped with a single "more" knob, Speaker Cranker adds extra grit and a slight boost to your signal.
Get a high-quality case for your new Epiphone Inspired 1966 Century hollowbody or archtop guitar. Its hard shell will protect your investment.
Blur the line between chorus and flanger with the Blue Monger. This modulation pedal produces a 3-dimensional sound that's perfect for that underwater sound.
Experience what Gravity Picks' acrylic material and hand-beveled edges do for your playing. Choose from Razer, Sunrise, Tripp, or Stealth shapes.
Hot-rod your favorite Tele with The Chopper. This DiMarzio pickup will give your guitar a louder, punchier sound with less twang and more chunk than most.
Designed in collaboration with DJ Ashba, the Skeleton Wah delivers the Sixx:AM guitarist's preferred tone and sweep in a unique, glow-in-the-dark enclosure.
Get the proper amount of power on the fly for your Blackstar FLY3 mini amp with this heavy duty, specially designed power supply with removable power cord.
This Soloist is perfect for pumping out heavy riffs and lighting-fast leads, thanks to the dual Duncan Designed humbuckers and compound-radius fretboard.
Make your guitar shine just like the day you bought it. This premium microfiber cloth gets rid of fingerprints, oil, dirt, dust, and other contaminants.
The perfect plectrum for jazz guitarists, the 518R Primetone glides off your strings, bringing out true voice and clarity with fast, articulate attack.
You'll be taken aback by the striking look and sound provided by this Cole Clark Fat Lady 1 acoustic guitar's bunya and Queensland maple construction.
Stand out visually and tonally with the Breedlove Premier Concert Copper CE. Its rosewood and spruce construction gives it a snappy tone with long sustain.
The Charlie Brown conjures the sound of the iconic Marshall JTM45. This amp-in-a-box features a three-band EQ to precisely dial in a rich overdriven tone.
This Dean AXS acoustic guitar has rich tone despite its compact parlor body and short scale. Its C-shape mahogany neck is easy to play.
Designed for guitar virtuoso Joe Satriani, the DiMarzio Satchur8 alnico humbucker provides an expressive attack with a warm, sweetly singing lead tone.
Made to complement HT Venue series amps, the Blackstar HTV-112 Mark II speaker cabinet features a 12" Celestion 80-watt speaker and an open-back design.
Capture the historic sound of the blues with the Dunlop 272 Blues Bottle slide. Its glass construction and cool bottleneck styling create clear tones.
Start the young ones off right or have a compact road trip companion with this Yamaha JR2 3/4-size folk acoustic guitar and included durable gig bag.
With a basswood body for deep resonance and Duncan Designed coil-tap pickups, the D'Angelico Premier Atlantic lets you dive into an ocean of exciting tones.
More reverb, or less? You decide. The Boing's simple design features one oversized knob, making on-the-fly adjustments possible with just your foot.
Just like a conch shell, the Fender Seaside ukulele transports you to the beach instantly. Its mahogany body provides smooth tone and a pleasing texture.
Explore an endless realm of tremolo and vibrato effects. The Stereo Pulsar includes depth, rate, and shape controls to create a huge array of sounds.
The Breedlove Concert E Fire Light acoustic excels as a fingerstyle guitar, thanks to its well-balanced, comfortable design, slim neck, and articulate tone.
Tight, ripping tones without waking the neighbors? This 1-watt amp head creates a huge tone at low volume, keeping unwanted visitors away at any hour.
Equipped with an advanced BOSS sound engine, the AD-2 packs sophisticated processing power unbecoming of its small size and simple, intuitive interface.
Add some high-output, single-coil rip to your favorite Tele with these Quarter Pound pickups. A strong magnetic field increases output and adds treble bite.
If you need a new neck, look no further than the American Professional Strat neck from Fender. This maple neck features 22 comfortable narrow-tall frets.
Learn to play the acoustic guitar in just 46 painless, song-based lessons with this instructional DVD, created by pro guitar instructor Kevin Garry, Ph.D.
String-up your baritone with these D'Addario EXL158 Nickel Baritone strings, or outfit your favorite standard electric for seriously deep down tuning.
An accessory that truly stands out, the OnStage Single Wood guitar stand has an elegant rosewood finish to add a touch of class to any guitar it holds.
Constructed with a woven polypropylene material, this Levy's strap is adjustable to 62" for a fit and feel that will suit most guitarists and bassists.
String up your bass with these roundwound nickel strings. Many bassists consider them "Player's Choice" because they provide a consistently bright tone.
Get the transparency of the MXR Dyna Comp sound in a mini package with the M291 Mini compressor pedal. Toggle the Attack button for a fast or slow response.
Your can't play a gig without your guitar strap -- it's a must-have part of your rig. Wear your guitar or bass proudly with this 2.5" Levy leather strap.
Add some power and clarity to your smaller performances with the Troubadour 30. Add effects on the dual instrument and mic channels for a professional sound.
Loaded with V-Mod single-coils, this Strat is a lefty's dream guitar. Enjoy all the perks of the righty version, but with left-handed volume and tone pots!
Engineered for speed and loaded with a pair of searing Seymour Duncan Distortion humbuckers, the Pro Series Soloist SL2P HT is a purebred shred machine.
When you need a rough-and-ready amp head that can seriously rock, grab a Friedman Runt 20. Its all-tube amplification and versatile EQ ensure tonal triumph.
Wail like Eddie through this killer 50-watt 1x12 combo. The 5150III features 3 footswitchable channels, DSP reverb, and a special design Celestion speaker.
Wail like prog rock shredder John Petrucci with this signature JP95 Cry Baby Wah, designed with the Dunlop team and Dream Theater engineer Richard Chycki.
Connect directly to your playing with the Breedlove Solo Concert CE acoustic-electric -- its Side Monitor Soundhole lets you hear exactly what you're doing.
Whether you like your chorus super-watery or just barely there, the Callisto has a setting for you. The authentic bucket-brigade chips offer a natural tone.
Stow your Firehawk 1500 amp in this heavy-duty bag and roll it on wheels to the stage. You can even perch your amp on its hard top for better projection!
Upgrade your Les Paul or Les Paul-styled guitar with this pre-wired kit from Mojotone! Its long-shaft pots fit in Les Pauls with thicker carved tops.
The GTO, JRAD's second collaboration with Nashville axe-man Guthrie Trapp, improves on the original with a tighter low end and more cutting, dynamic OD.
A compact, yet versatile loop switcher, the Hotone Cybery provides four independent relay-based True Bypass audio loops and programmable MIDI controls.
Drop this pickup set into your Strat for instant EJ tonal magic. While hotter than usual vintage single-coils, these pickups still retain a dynamic feel.
With its thick padded sides, shock absorbing blocks, and external rain cover, this gig bag provides the ultimate protection for your guitar.
Get two distinct overdrive flavors in one box with the Gray Channel. The Red and Green channels each boast 3 separate clipping options to expand your sound.
Adjusting your neck relief? Grab this Music Nomad truss rod wrench to quickly and easily adjust your truss rod and keep your guitar playing its best.
Whether you're assembling a new guitar or restoring a classic Gibson to its former glory, build bridges with this genuine Gibson Stop Bar tailpiece.
Inspired by the hand-wired Artisan series, the Artist 30 offers the same styling with modern, PCB-based channel switching, ISF, reverb and effects loops.
Get powerful Orange amp-style overdrive in pedal form with the Getaway Driver, featuring a single-ended JFET gain structure with tube amp Class A circuitry.
The perfect 3-way combination of the Eminence Tonespotter, Wizard and Red Fang alnico, this Josh Smith Signature provides lows, clean highs and natural grit.
Keep your Martin (or any guitar you own) clean and looking fresh in between gigs with this special formula Martin guitar polish and cleaner!
Get new sounds from your favorite amp just by tilting it back. The On Stage Tilt-Back amp stand folds for easy transport and storage.
D'Addario's precision-wound, nickel-plated EXL170-5 XL 5-string bass strings provide excellent intonation to players across a variety of genres and styles.
Expertly crafted from genuine garment leather, this Levy's MSS17 2.5" guitar strap is the perfect lifelong companion for your favorite guitar or bass.
A classic Electro-Harmonix pedal reimagined, the Hot Tubes mimics the tone of a vintage tube amp pushed hard. Bypass the tone circuit for unfiltered OD.
Treat your guitar to some strings that will really make it sing. This acoustic set features balanced tension across all strings for enhanced playing comfort.
Streamline your pedalboard with the One Control Iguana Tail Loop MKII. Its true-bypass design keeps buffered pedals from sucking the life out of your tone.
Show off two guitars back-to-back with this durable On-Stage stand. Its hanging design saves space and is adjustable to accommodate different instruments.
Get a ton of bang for your buck with this Classic Player Tele. A 4-way pickup selector switch and S-1 circuit offer up a huge variety of tonal possibilities.
Turn your guitar into a polyphonic synth with the Superego. Add glissando to your sound, or plug other pedals into the effects loop to create your own sound.
With V-Class bracing, Expression System 2 pickups, and a torrified spruce top, Taylor's 614ce offers snappy tone with increased dynamics -- and looks great.
Designed with guitar legend Peter Frampton, the 1964 Texan features a rare Faded Vintageburst finish, solid spruce top and Schaller M6 tuning machine heads.
Using a classic bucket brigade delay device, the Providence Anadime chorus creates a spacious sense of depth, controllable by depth, mix and speed knobs.
Put solid, ergonomic volume and tone knobs on your electric guitar. These Ernie Ball Tele-style knobs are for potentiometers with a 1/4-inch diameter shaft.
Upgrade your guitar cabinet with this spellbinding speaker. A little Eminence magic means balanced tone with tight lows and some cool classic-rock color.
Never sacrifice single-coil tone for low noise again. These Mojotone 52 Quiet Coil pickups give all the response of a true single coil -- without the hum!
With the 18/30, it's like getting two Deluxe amps in one! Get 30 watts of Blackface goodness on channel one and 18 watts of Brownface muscle on channel two.
This Pickle may be smaller -- but its tone is still Way Huge! Check out this mini version of the beloved Russian Pickle for vintage fuzz in a compact pedal.
Great for fast playing and modern, complex picking styles, the Dunlop Andy James Flow Jumbo pick is made from durable Ultex for a rigid feel and strong tone.
A perfect partner for your Quilter head or small combo, the MicroPro Mach 2 extension cab pumps your riffs out of a 12" Celestion Classic Lead 80 speaker.
Made specifically to use with ukuleles, the GoGo Tiki Clip-On Tuner tunes ukuleles to the keys of C or D, and also acts as a chromatic tuner.
Bring 2 electric guitars to the gig in this super-protective, shock-absorbing, thickly padded bag -- it even comes with a rain cover and backpack straps.
Whether you like to play at your chest or at your knees, this nylon strap will fit your on-stage needs. It features 100% leather ends.
Perfect for beginners, this guitar sings with dual humbucker pickups whose output outweighs the price.
Play with a snappy attack and clear, round tone with these high quality assorted standard celluloid picks from Dunlop, available in medium or heavy gauge.
The DiMarzio Area Hot T bridge pickup will give your Tele an outstanding dynamic range and instant responsiveness to changes in pick attack and volume.
Craft rich and warm jazz and R&B tones with the mellow sound of these flatwound bass strings from D'Addario.
Sometimes all it takes to get out of a playing rut is new picks. The hand-burnished, sculpted edges of Dunlop Semi-Round picks help you play fast and clean.
Herringbone binding and a solid acacia top give the traditionally-designed Cordoba 25T tenor ukelele classy, old-world style and bright, stand-out tone.
Use the Signal Pad attenuator to mimic a two-channel setup on any tube amp. Crank up your amp for sizzling overdrive, then kick on the pedal for less gain.
Packed with deep low-end tone, D'Addario ECB81 Chromes flatwound bass strings lend a tight bottom to jazz and R&B -- and contemporary pop styles as well.
Equipped with a rechargeable lithium-ion battery with a 12,800 mAh capacity, the Nomad S128 pedalboard can provide clean, quiet power for up to 10 pedals.
Designed by Tony Gambacurta, the Perfect Ten is a 10-band graphic equalizer pedal, specifically voiced for guitar and keyboard in live or studio settings.
Get decades' worth of various phasers all in one box. Vary between vintage and modern styles and use the Tone Print app to beam more presets to the pedal.
Make a statement on any stage with this SE Custom 24 featuring a gorgeous Zebrawood top. The guitar's 85/15 "S" humbuckers help it sound as good as it looks.
Want unbeatable protection for your guitar, but don't want to lug around a cumbersome case? This flat-top case is lightweight and easy to stow away.
Left-handed players will revel in the quality of this 2018 J-15, hand-built in Bozeman, MT from beautiful walnut and sitka spruce with hand-scalloped bracing.
Take the show with you. The Hog 20 is a rechargeable battery-powered amp that offers great sound on the go.
Get the Martin look and sound in an affordable, left-handed package. This GPCRSGT is built from Sitka spruce and sapele, with onboard Fishman electronics.
Featuring a durable alloy of copper, tin, and phosphor, these strings output a bright tone. The hex core wire secures the outer wrap wire for longer life.
This spooky pick brings meaning to the idea of slaying it on the guitar.
The PRS fretboard bird inlays are an iconic symbol of quality you can now wear, thanks to this comfortable leather strap branded with those familiar birds.
The Dimension C is back. Boss updates this sought-after effect with Waza technology, giving a new generation the chance to experience its spatial processing.
Squeeze every last drop of tone from this 15 watt combo. The 1648RT features a pair of 6973 power tubes, producing wildly complex overdrive when cranked.
Need to repair or replace the locking nuts on your Tronical Tune system? Look no further than this set of six spare lock nuts in nickel, black or gold.
Achieving boutique Friedman tone doesn't get any easier than the Runt 20. This combo delivers soaring overdrive, pristine cleans, and everything in between.
Vox has packed 50 watts of AC30-inspired tube tone into the 1-pound MV50 AC head. The compact Nutube preamp delivers authentic feel and response.
The wound third G string of this EJ21 XL Nickel Wound string set is ideal for jazz playing and drop tunings due to its increased resonance and tighter feel.
With a bi-level bridge on its solid mahogany top, this acoustic-electric puts out tons of rich low end -- amplified by on-board B-Band SYS650 electronics.
Get the sound of a cranked vintage tweed amp without the loud volume. This touch-sensitive overdrive reacts to your playing dynamics for an amp-like feel.
With simple controls for volume and attack, the Electro-Harmonix Satisfaction fuzz won't leave you anything but satisfied with its classically voiced tone.
Elevate the creativity and imagination of your playing with the wonderfully glitched-out CSIDMAN. This digital delay adds "controllable" random stutters.
Go from classic flange to 747 with the TC Electronic Vortex. Customize your flange with the speed, depth, feedback and delay-time controls.
Replace your old, scratchy pots or complete a fresh build with this 500K potentiometer from DiMarzio. Mounting hardware is included for easy installation.
Get flawless electric and acoustic tones with the Taylor T5z Custom -- a compact hollowbody hybrid guitar with jumbo frets and three uniquely voiced pickups.
Fold up this sturdy guitar stand and carry it around in your gig bag. Built to last, it has protective pads and adjusts to fit guitars of most sizes.
The Schecter Pro EX marries the protection of a hardshell case with the ease of a gig bag for a lightweight bag you can depend on night after night.
A natural overdrive pedal that brings out the best in your tone, the Providence SOV-2 Stampede converts up to 18 volts internally for extra-high headroom.
Built for bass, Levy's MSSC4 cotton strap is easy on the shoulders and adjustable from 39" to 52", so you can lock into the most comfortable playing height.
Easily maintain your axe's good looks with Ernie Ball Wonder Wipes! These convenient wipes are formulated to clean your fingerboard, strings, and instrument.
Made with smooth, sturdy polycarbonate, Dunlop's Americana picks are great for folk guitarists and flatpickers looking for a heavy attack on lead runs.
With old-world style and modern refinements, the acacia-topped Cordoba 25C ukelele is a bright, playable instrument that uke can really sink your teeth into.
The Dyna Comp Deluxe's circuitry and updated control interface delivers classic compression, along with the ability to shape and season it to your taste.
The small body of this left-handed acoustic guitar lets you really dig in, while the Fishman Sonicore pickup creates a transparent tone when you plug in.
Equipped with PAF-style Burstbucker 1 and 2 pickups and a tubeless historic truss rod, this 2016 ES-335 stays true to its '58 roots, with some modern tweaks.
This woven cotton strap from Dunlop is comfortable and breathable, so you don't have to worry about your guitar sliding around as you play.
Engineered to transfer as much vibration as possible to your guitar's top, TUSQ pins offer more consistent sound than bone or ivory bridge pins.
The perfect fit for your smaller-sized Olympic archtop, this hard case is inspired by the original art deco Masterbilt Century Olympic case.
Get a great tone from strings that last much longer than the average acoustic guitar string. This is made possible by the ultra thin Nanoweb coating.
Rosewood and solid spruce construction lend rich overtones and projection to this lefty, backed-up by scalloped bracing and a beloved dreadnought shape.
Made in the USA, the Model America 1 Dreadnought is based on the legendary D18 and features sycamore, cherry, black walnut and spruce -- all USA-sourced.
Lightweight, durable, and made of genuine, hand-brushed, suede leather, Levy's MS19 3/4-inch-wide mandolin strap is adjustable for maximum playing comfort.
This speaker's huge ceramic magnet creates the huge tone that made Britain famous. Load these 12" Red Coats in your speaker cabinet and hear the power!
Each Dunlop Moonshine Ceramic Slide is handcrafted to ensure an exceptionally warm and full tone. It's available in 2 sizes.
With a solid Sitka spruce top, rosewood back and sides, and a mahogany neck with Richlite fingerboard, this 2019 Hummingbird resonates with rich, even tone.
This high-performance axe not only plays great, but includes Paul Gilbert's f-hole graphics. Get a mix of tones out of the humbucker and single-coil pickups.
Play your electric guitar anywhere with the 6W Strum Buddy amp. Its suction cup mount and USB-rechargeable battery will let you strum and roam cable-free.
Super-light and nickel-wound, the D'Addario EXL130 XL strings are designed for maximum comfort without sacrificing stability and intonation.
Get clarity and definition from your acoustic baritone guitar with this specialized set of Elixir 80/20 bronze strings featuring proprietary Nanoweb coating.
For players experienced in doing their own set-ups, this handy truss rod wrench from Taylor Guitars will help you get your action just where you like it.
Kick your sound up a notch with the true and buffered bypass clean boost and onboard 3-band EQ of the Fender Engager -- ideal for precise tone shaping.
Replace your existing strap pins with the more secure Dunlop Straploks. You also get two attachments for your strap.
Give your 6-string bass some lovin' with a set of D'Addario NYXLs. These strings feature the inimitable NYXL formula for robust tones with enhanced dynamics.
The RBX protection system and water-resistant exterior will keep your guitar safe and snug, while the Zero-G handle makes it easy to transport.
Make sure you get the most possible tone out of your Les Paul with this wiring kit! Its '50s-style design is compatible with short-shaft pots.
These nylon strings are designed for today's folk guitarist. This set features gold-covered bass strings and black treble strings.
Break-resistant and ultra-durable, Ernie Ball Paradigm 80/20 bronze acoustic strings provide shimmering tone -- and are dang-near unbreakable.
Add a crunch to your playing with this Overdrive and Distortion pedal. You can use the two effects separately or together to create the perfect edgy tone.
Parlor-sized and affordably priced, the Ibanez PN1MH makes a great beginner guitar, or a convenient, pick-up-and-play songwriting tool.
This Ibanez Artwood AW5412 has a dreadnought shape and solid mahogany construction for full-bodied, well-rounded sonic response and 12-string chime.
Electrify your stage presence with the DM2 from Levy's. Genuine leather construction and a lightning bolt inlay make this a must-have for rock and rollers.
Use this capo to make lightning-fast key changes! It's designed especially for classical guitars, but equally effective on any acoustic or electric guitar.
With a pair of 12" Celestion V-Type speakers, this speaker cabinet handles up to 140 watts of power. Pair this up with a Bassbreaker 45 or 18/30 amplifier.
Strum out incredible-sounding chords on the AC5M. As one of Yamaha's premier acoustics, this guitar features a solid Sitka spruce top for crystal clear tone.
With a non-master volume clean channel and overdrive channel with input gain control, the Fuchs Blackjack 21 lets you dial in a perfect amount of tube grit.
Made from 80% copper and 20% zinc wire wrapped around a brass-plated steel core wire, these acoustic strings provide a crisp sound with pleasing overtones.
Squeeze the right amount of tone out of every string with the Vice Grip compressor. Lightly compress your signal, or heavily limit with a max 20:1 ratio.
Bring this acoustic amp along to rehearsals. It's perfect for acoustic guitars as well as vocals in any setting where a huge sound is not essential.
The original sound of rock 'n' roll was created with pure nickel strings. Capture the essence of the era with these heavy-duty 11-48 gauge Power Slinkys.
Get more out of that classic 808 sound with lower noise and a longer battery life. With expanded gain and 3-band EQ, this pedal has a ton of tone to offer.
With a turtle engraved on its mahogany top and shark teeth on its rosewood fretboard, the Luna Honu soprano ukulele exudes Hawaiian sound and style.
The perfect complement to the 5150 IIIS 100S head, this 4x12, Celestion G12EVH-loaded cabinet is built from bomb-proof solid birch and is wired to 16 ohms.
This versatile pickup is perfect for use with everything from blues to hard rock and metal. It can be paired with any other EMG humbucker pickup.
Get the lush, warm delay trails that only an analog bucket brigade can produce, and let the flashing LED knob be your delay time's beacon from a dark stage.
Shield your Bugera G5 Infinium head from pesky dust and moisture with this custom-fit slip cover, made from a sleek, highly durable black nylon material.
The GreatGRAMMA v2 is 30% bigger than its predecessor and is designed to isolate larger speaker cabinets that could benefit from a tighter low-end response.
Always be ready to rip out a hot slide guitar solo -- keep your slide close at hand with this Dunlop slide holder that attaches to your mic stand.
Light, strong, and protective, the TKL Zero-Gravity resonator/banjo bag features backpack straps and a Comfort Grip padded handle for carrying comfort.
Elixir's NanoWeb coating gives these bass strings extra resilience against sweat and abuse, without dulling your sound. Try them once -- you won't go back.
Designed for long scale electric baritone guitars, these long-lasting nickel wound strings give your guitar a more brilliant tone.
The uniquely shaped Seagull Merlin M4 guitar needs this special bag to carry it. It's designed to fit the Merlin perfectly, and has a pouch for accessories.
Powered by 6L6 tubes and loaded with Celestion V-Type speakers, this limited "blonde" combo delivers 30 watts of pristine and expressive Blackstar tone.
Use this tablature paper as a teaching aid or for your own personal use. It features 48 full-sized pages of 6-line guitar tablature.
Put the sound of your guitar in your hands. This guitar speaker allows you to control output level, distortion level, and tonal balance with a control knob.
Having a big body and headstock doesn't just look cool -- it also improves the resonance of the Dean MLX Flame Top, creating a responsive and lively guitar.
For sound as big as a lion's roar, this 2x12 vintage-style enclosure features two Celestion Heritage G12H drivers and a built-in folding tilt mechanism.
A precision tool built for executing complex and exacting modern metal, the Dunlop Meshuggah Signature pick can help launch your riffage into the Chaosphere.
This shark-like acoustic-electric guitar comes outfitted with a florentine cutaway, shark gill-shaped soundhole, and a A3TY preamp with tuner.
Power up dat Minifooger with this official power supply unit from Moog synthesizers. It's rated at 120v for use in North America.
Fit your full-size pedalboard, or other gear like a DJ controller, in the Mono Pro Version 2 case. A densely padded foam interior keeps your gear safe.
With a small soprano body size that's comfortable for new players, this elegant ukulele is constructed from high-quality sapele with a natural gloss finish.
Perfect for nearly any budget, the AW360 yields an organic character thanks to its all-mahogany construction, while the Thermo Aged bridge enhances response.
Beautifully quilted mahogany comprises all sides of this Performer. An under-saddle piezo pickup and a DMT G05 preamp ensure projection in any setting.
With its impact-resistant Flexoskeleton, the Reunion Blues RBCC3 gig bag has a sturdy structure inside that will keep your small-body acoustic guitar safe.
With parallel "bright" and "mid" boost circuits, the Walrus Audio Emissary will give your signal the perfectly targeted kick needed to stand out in the mix.
Make your Ibanez acoustic feel at home in an Ibanez hard-shell case. This case is designed to fit the AEF 30 and the AEF 18 models.
A high-performance guitar for players who demand precision, this left-handed Jackson Pro Series Soloist delivers huge tone and technical sophistication.
This Orleans Stage acoustic's flamed maple and solid spruce construction and Fishman Isys electronics make it a valuable addition to any player's collection.
Get the traditional tone of a Martin dreadnought. The D-18E Retro offers classic Martin performance with the addition of Fishman F1 Aura Plus electronics.
The Laney GH100R dishes out 100 watts of EL84-powered British tube tone, with a simple 3-band tone stack that spans both channels and a master output control.
Pay homage to the psychedelic look of each Beatle with these festive guitar straps. Each printed polyester strap comes in a collectable illustrated tin.
String up your Taylor GS Mini bass with phosphor bronze strings from D'Addario. Their EXP coating protects against corrosion, helping these last longer.
Popular among mandolinists, D'Addario's EJ74 phosphor bronze string set provides a warm, bright chime that will make your mandolin sing.
Adorned with an inlay of lizards among monstera leaves across its mahogany top, the Luna Lizard ukulele will inspire your creativity with its tone and style.
Bend it like Blues Traveler! The Hohner 560PBX is a favorite of John Popper for its airtight plastic comb and easy-to-bend playability.
Add some vintage panache and fine-tuning precision to your favorite 3 on 3 headstock with these Grover 135 Series tuning machines.
Face it -- you can only rock with a guitar that's in good condition. Keep your F-Series guitar protected in this specially-fit ESP LTD hard case.
The '70s classic Super Flighter rides again in the RevStar RS620. VH5+ humbuckers bring vintage tones to life and the flamed maple top adds a touch of flair.
With a solid Sitka spruce top, mahogany back and sides, and a mahogany neck with rosewood fingerboard, this 2019 Hummingbird produces a rich, varied tone.
By bringing years of expertise to bear on the Rare Earth series, Fishman has created an acoustic soundhole pickup that's smoother, warmer, and clearer.
Get lush, shimmering true-analog chorus with none of the hassle. Just plug in, turn on, and crank up the rate knob on the EHX Nano Clone -- it's that easy!
This classic capo uses a toggle adjustment to clamp onto the fretboard. It is designed for use on guitars with both curved and flat fretboards.
These Planet Waves elliptical end pins keep your strap secured to your guitar in a simple, effective way without any major modifications!
The tone this solid brass slide creates is as bright as the slide itself. It features flared sides for maximum control and is available in 3 different sizes.
Right On's Mojo Charm Series straps are made with 100% vegan material, finished in bold colors, and feature the Right On Adjustment system for perfect fit.
Shred in style with this lefty Randy Rhoads signature axe. The Duncan Designed humbuckers provide harmonically rich tone with enhanced dynamic articulation.
The Wizard III maple neck, STD-DL locking tremolo, and triple Quantum humbucker action make this axe a shredder's delight.
Perfect for the studio, this rackmount preamp will be your go-to source for killer guitar tones. The on-board USB interface syncs seamlessly with your DAW.
Based on Johnny Winter's original Firebird pickups, these signatures utilize aged alnico magnets, vintage-spec 42-gauge wire and a steel reflector plate.
Start a lifetime of playing the blues with this 5-pack of blues harp harmonicas. These rocking harps in the keys of G, A, C, D, and E come in a padded case.
Soft and silky to the touch, Cobalt Slinky strings make for effortless bending on your 7-string while their cobalt construction offers extended dynamic range.
With boost and overdrive sections usable separately or in combination, the Radial Tonebone Texas Pro OD spans a tonal landscape as wide as the open range.
Crisp and bright, without sounding too metallic, this set of seven-string Super Slinkys are comfortable and resilient.
Make learning how to play the guitar a painless experience with eMedia Guitar Method. The program even listens to your playing to give constructive feedback.
Capturing the heritage of early models, this L-00 features mahogany and Sitka spruce construction and an onboard LR Baggs VTC pickup system for easy gigging.
A two-loop true bypass switcher, the Black Loop has several uses, from an AB switch or amp channel switcher to an effects loop or tuner output/mute switch.
Pay tribute to the sound and feel of the earliest Les Pauls with this lefty Tribute model. A set of open-coil 490R and 490T humbuckers add midrange bite.
Built from the same innards as the Verberator, the Fuchs Plush Good Verbrations is full of warm, lush reverb that can be adjusted by decay and level knobs.
Make your solos cut through with these Ernie Ball Skinny Top/Heavy Bottom Cobalt Slinkys: the perfect hybrid of thick bottom strings and smaller top strings.
Easy to apply and remove, this jack lock from Planet Waves is a solution to the nightmare of using a strap on an acoustic guitar's endpin jack.
Sleek, modern, comfortable, and playable, the Breedlove Oregon Concerto CE Spruce and Myrtle acoustic has a rich, high-definition sound with plenty of punch.
DR Strings PB40 Pure Blues feature a Quantum-Nickel wrap for brighter tone, sharper attack and more high-end pop than your standard nickel-plated strings.
With the same foam inserts found in Fender's hard cases, this soft case offers the same protection for your Strat or Tele.
Cut even the heaviest strings with ease with this string cutter. The induction heat-treatment process prevents blades from denting, making this the only cutter you'll ever need.
This powerful, rich-sounding amp oozes the blues from two 10-inch Stephen's speakers. Built-in tremolo and reverb let you sweeten up your bluesiest riffs.
Recommended for your humbucker-loaded guitar, the Mojotone Vitamin T 022uf oil-filled cap will give you a lush and creamy top end with tons of clarity.
No strap pins on your nylon-string classical guitar? Just loop this strap around your neck and under your guitar, and hook its hook in the sound-hole.
Ironically named, the Ibanez Overdrive 850 is a full, fat fuzz pedal, faithfully reissued and built in Japan with true bypass and 100% analog circuitry.
Sweeten the output of your acoustic-electric guitar. A serious value, the Behringer ADI21 preamp/DI box models the warm sound of a mic on a tube amplifier.
Great looks don't stop at your guitar! Get undeniable style from the Gibson Vintage Saddle guitar strap, made with premium genuine leather in the USA.
Don't settle for anything less than the luxurious style of the Falcon. A pair of High-Sensitive Filter'Tron pickups crank out that classic Gretsch sound.
These plastic thumb picks are perfect for serious fingerpicking -- and built to withstand intense playing without slipping off your thumb.
Whether you're bulking up for your shop, or you consistently break the same couple of strings, these bulk sets from D'Addario's XL series are a must.
Control your on-stage dynamics with this passive volume pedal. It doesn't require batteries or external power source.
With adjustable contact points, this A frame stand is equipped to support a huge range of guitars and basses.
Don't waste time re-stringing -- with Elixir Nanoweb baritone strings, you get long-lasting tone and less string squeak, so you can focus on the music.
John Petrucci knows how a pickup should sound. The DP228 is a sonic balance of smooth highs, open lows, and a voicing perfect for high gain tone.
Once you go flat, you'll never look back. La Bella 760FL-B light-tension flatwounds make for comfortable action, mellow midrange, and deep, rumbling low-end.
Loaded up with Duncan Designed humbuckers for a full sound and lively string attack, the D'Angelico Premier DC 12-string electric has a bright, singing tone.
Fitted with a comfortable 1.27" nut width, a cutaway for reaching upper frets, and a pressure-tested spruce top, this Seagull Maritime is built to please.
This is Martin's modern take on a classic. With its orchestra-size body and Fishman Aura pickup/preamp system, the OMC-28 guitar creates a full, warm sound.
The phosphor bronze winding on these Martin strings lend rich low-end to your guitar and keep your 12-string chiming with full-sounding chords.
Install a pickup on your guitar easily and quickly, without damaging or modifying the instrument, with the Seymour Duncan Active Mag in-hole acoustic pickup.
It's easy to lose your picks during a performance. Attach this rubber pickholder to your microphone stand, and you'll always have access to extra picks.
Find inspiration, quality and affordability in this Discovery Dreadnought CE, featuring mahogany and Sitka spruce construction, perfect for flatpicking.
Take on metal and other modern rock styles with these bass strings. DR DDT strings are designed to handle dropped tunings with plenty of stability and tone.
Take this belt clip preamp to the stage and hear the difference. The adjustable gain allows for a quiet and effective performance every time.
Sail away to shred city each time you plug this killer J Custom model in. A HSH trio of DiMarzio pickups offers a plethora of tones to inspire your playing.
Easily switch channels with this 1-button footswitch. It's perfect for use with the Champ 110, Blues Deluxe, and Princeton 65 and comes with a 12 ft. cable.
Create shimmering echoes, dark gloomy rumbles, or a haunting combination of both with Walrus Audio's Descent Reverb Octave Machine pedal.
Get everything you need to start playing for one low price. This package includes a dreadnought acoustic guitar, gig bag, electronic tuner, instructional DVD, and a guitar strap.
With a shape that fits most semi-hollowbody guitars, plenty of padding, and multiple handles, this gig bag makes traveling with your guitar easy and safe.
String up your classical guitar without having to tie any loops! These Dunlop ball-end classical strings have a bright but balanced tone.
With five support legs, the Starfish Passive is twice as stable as standard 3-legged guitar stands, and is covered in TPE silicone at all points of contact.
The Breedlove Crossover OF mandolin sports a classic look with the modern feel of a radiused fretboard -- perfect for guitarists looking to try mandolin.
Capped with a figured koa top and dressed with gold hardware, this Luke 3 offers a striking look and delivers on sound with DiMarzio Transitions pickups.
This Laney Lionheart combo amplifier pushes 5 watts of Class A tube power out of a Celestion Heritage G12H speaker, for crisp cleans and creamy overdrive.
Got a Jackson Minion Series Rhoads or King V guitar? Such a uniquely-shaped instrument needs its own, perfectly fitting gig bag!
A favorite among guitarists for their tone and sustain, these Extra Slinkys up the ante by upgrading nickel to cobalt for a hotter, clearer output.
Take your Tele to the next level with the DiMarzio Twang King. This highly dynamic pickup responds beautifully to your playing thanks to an alnico 5 magnet.
Push your amp to the limits while retaining clarity with this high output pickup. Customize your axe by using the four-conductor lead to wire up a coil-tap.
Single-coil size, humbucker sound. The Seymour Duncan Little 59 nails vintage PAF tone in a form factor that's perfect for Strat-style guitars.
Switch this on for volume boosts on solos or to saturate the front of your tube amp for harmonically rich overdrive. Features 0-25 dB of transparent boost.
The Novo 18 includes five rails and an open-front design, making it a versatile board for unorthodox pedal layouts and accommodating power supplies.
Featuring the classic 5E8A circuit and a pair of beefy 6L6 power tubes, this tweed-covered 2x12" combo is a perfect addition to anyone's amp collection.
Settle for nothing less than Formula No. 65 to keep your guitar looking its best. It's made without harsh chemicals, so it won't harm your guitar's finish.
Voiced and calibrated to ensure equal volume across each string, Dean Markley's Pro Mag Plus Pickup is ideal for players seeking balanced tone.
These super-light-gauge roundwound strings for 7-string guitars are wrapped in nickel-plated steel to produce a rich and bright tone.
Learn guitar with interactive lessons! This set includes eMedia's beginner & intermediate Guitar Method software, plus Masters of Blues and Masters of Rock.
Add some pounds to you guitar playing with this aggressive distortion pedal. It delivers bottom-heavy distortion perfect for hard rock and metal playing.
Made from ultra-soft suede, this guitar strap is comfortable and reliable. It makes a great gift for the guitarist in your life -- or even for yourself!
Wear your guitar in style with a genuine leather guitar strap. This 2.5" leather guitar strap from Levy's has a ladder length adjustment from 38" to 53".
Get great volume and tone out of your finger-picking with La Bella's silk and steel acoustic guitar strings. They are hand-wound using pure Italian silk.
Maraging steel, typically used on airplanes and rockets, is used in the cores of these strings to get super-high output combined with fuller overall tone.
When you need to feel secure, look no further than the ClipLock strap. This Italian Leather strap from DiMarzio keeps your strap secure with a unique fastening system.
Freshen up your favorite 12-string acoustic guitar with these Darco strings. Their 80/20 bronze wrap lends your guitar crisp, bright tone.
Inject the raw sound of a '68 Plexi into any rig with the J Rockett Animal. Clean up the gain by rolling back the volume on your guitar, or just dime it out.
Take your Epiphone Les Paul Express or SG Express everywhere you go in this sturdy gig bag. It fits your guitar like a glove and provides protection from the elements.
Equipped with 8 isolated power outlets, this power supply is ready to juice up most pedalboards. 4 outlets with variable voltages offer maximum versatility.
Stacked with all the fuzzy, tube-y character you expect from a RAT, the Pro Co "You Dirty Rat" injects your tone with germanium juice and sustains for miles!
Need to keep your acoustic safe on the go? The Gator round-back guitar bag offers a deep contour that works well with mid-depth round-back acoustic guitars!
Fit 12 to 20 pedals on this large Dingbat, along with your Voodoo Lab power supply, then zip it all up in the handy included gig bag, and go rock the gig!
The Fishman Fluence SS may be single-coiled, but it's multi-voiced for an array of tonal options and can be rechargeable right on your guitar!
With punchy low end and brilliant highs, these super-long ProSteels are made from corrosion-resistant steel alloy, and fit 6-string basses up to a 38" scale.
Rectified nylon trebles and traditional wound bass strings give this Savarez 520R set a well-balanced sound that will bring even tone to your guitar.
Calling all acoustic guitarists: treat yourself to unmatched comfort when playing with this stretchy strap from Levy's, finished with durable leather ends.
This Hohner Airboard melodica comes dressed in a Rasta print. Hit the beach with this classic reggae instrument -- it's easy to transport and needs no power!
Add functionality to your Source Audio One Series pedal with this simple tap tempo footswitch for on-the-fly control over modulation rates and delay times.
Craft killer blues tone from this versatile 30-watt amp. Built-in reverb and tremolo let you add some space to your most emotive riffs.
Get your hands on PRS's take on this classic design at a price anyone can love. The single-cutaway SE 245 features an all-mahogany body for a beefy sound.
Beginners and advanced players alike will appreciate the tone produced from the all-mahogany construction of the AC340, as well as the attractive price.
With its great looks and SRT pickup system, the AC1M offers serious tone and playability that represents a fantastic value for players of all skill levels.
Don't risk dropping your guitar when rocking a little too hard -- strap on your axe with confidence with these sturdy strap locks from Schaller.
Imagine that classic Tele twang but with just a bit more output. Push your amps a little closer to the edge with these vintage-voiced single-coil pickups.
Made in Spain from top-quality leather, this Right On Bassman strap features the classic Spector logo, making it a perfect match for Spector bassists.
When you need to sound huge, reach for the Friedman Vintage 2x12 cabinet. Great as your main guitar speaker, it delivers warm bass and strong midrange bite.
With a long solid brass shaft and bushing, 30% taper and extra-low torque, this Mojotone Vintage Taper 500k CTS pot is the perfect mod for your guitar.
Modify your acoustic with the Fishman Prefix Plus-T pickup for feedback-fighting phase switching and notch filtering, brilliance control and on-board tuning.
With a small body size for easy travel and Shadow Panoramic electronics for a highly adjustable tone, the Epiphone CE Coupe classical doesn't compromise.
A classic shape, a timeless material: D'Addario Classic Pearl Celluloid picks capture the feel and tone of vintage picks in an array of gauges and colors.
Upgrade your Blackbird pedalboard with this solder-free 120 volt, 15 amp flanged Leviton power inlet, giving easier access to your mounted power supply.
Inject the sound of a late '60s Plexi into your rig's sound with the Purple Plexifier. This powerful pedal produces a generous helping of classic overdrive.
Loaded with two Celestion G12M-25 Greenbacks and two Vintage 30s, the Friedman 412 cabinet puts out huge low end, rich mids, and smooth, restrained treble.
Protect your Zenith archtop in the utmost antique style with this russet brown-colored hardshell case, modeled after the Masterbilt cases of the 1930s.
This single-cutaway stunner is ready for center stage. The Excel SS Shoreline's top-notch tone stems from a laminated maple body and a pair of P-90 pickups.
Bearing a message of Maluhia (or peace) in Hawaiian, this Luna ukulele also creates warm, peaceful tone every time you strum thanks to its mahogany body.
Want one guitar tool that does it all? This Music Nomad 17-in-1 tool includes a 10-piece screwdriver bit set plus hex wrenches of various sizes at its base.
The iconic Boss DS pedal -- updated! Boss' MDP technology actively analyzes your tone and settings to create the DS-1X's incredibly rich, natural distortion.
Discerning classical artists will appreciate the accurate response of Martin classical strings with nylon cores and silverplated copper and bronze wirings.
Employing high-tensile fluorocarbon for stable tuning over long periods, Martin M620 tenor ukulele strings project warm, full tone and maintain good tension.
Enjoy stable tuning and rich, harmonic tone with Martin M600 strings -- designed specifically for ukuleles and compatible with soprano or concert size ukes.
Ensure squeakless chord changes as you move your fingers up and down the neck. These strings were made for the performing or recording classical guitarist.
Perfect for guitarists who play a variety of different tunes, this Cutlass' combo of two single coils and a humbucker offers incredible tonal versatility.
Never be out of tune again with +/- .5-cent accuracy and a display that lights up entirely green when you're in tune -- and entirely red when you're out.
Designed to work with any Fishman product with a DC input, this Fishman power supply converts up to 120V AC to 9V DC for reliable power on stage.
Add thickness and sparkle to your sound with this Wasburn 12-string. The solid Sitka spruce top features an armrest bevel for hours of comfortable playing.
Never buy another distortion pedal again! This stompbox features 10 default presets and you can even model your existing pedals to streamline your setup.
Protect your gear from the elements of live gigs. This padded gig bag is designed for the Roland GR20 Synth System.
Get that vintage swirl with this legendary phaser pedal. It features true bypass and a 9-volt power inlet.
Go from subtle fuzz to complete disintegration with the twist of a knob. This germanium-based effect is perfect for those seeking classic tone-bending fuzz.
By straddling the fine line between amplifier grit and fuzzed-out saturation, the Bellows dishes out tweed-like tone controlled by level and drive knobs.
Keep your AG75, AG85 or AG95 safe with this Ibanez case, designed specifically to fit the Artcore design.
Turn your favorite strap into a quick-release strap with this Quick Release System. It attaches to your acoustic guitar's headstock and will not come loose while you're playing.
With 3 tilt adjustment positions, this amp stand allows you to project your amp wherever you choose. It's extremely stable and holds up to 75 lbs.
Fit your guitar, cables, straps, and all of your other accessories in this convenient gig bag. It fits any style of dreadnought acoustic guitars.
Keep your signal pristine through long cable runs and pedalboards with the Level Set buffer. Inject high end back into your sound with the Hi-Freq control.
Experience the gorgeous, shimmering tone of a plate reverb without the enormous size. Use the high-pass filter to dial in the perfect amount of brightness.
A resonant mahogany body and slick ebony fretboard lend premium tone and feel to the Jackson Pro Soloist SL2, while TB-6 pickups provide crushing output.
Protect your guitar from the bumps and bruises of being on the road with this gig bag. A large front pocket is perfect for accessories, and even a laptop.
Inspired by the low end of the original Russian Big Muff and the sustain of the Big Muff Pi, the Bass Big Muff is all you need to crush the rhythm section.
Get surprisingly big tone from the Fly3 -- complete with overdrive and delay -- then pair your smartphone via Bluetooth to stream or jam along to some tunes.
Proudly display your favorite guitar with this stylish wall hanger. This sturdy and durable hanger looks great anywhere in your home or recording studio.
Get the classic Martin sound at a fantastic price! Featuring a solid Sitka spruce top and Fishman Sonitone electronics, the GPX1AE projects balanced tone.
Need a good travel-size classical guitar? The Cordoba Protege C1 3/4-Size guitar has the same great tone and easy playability as the full-sized version.
Shred in style with this quilted maple-topped Blood Eagle from Wylde Audio. Loaded with EMG 81/85 pickups, this axe is ready to cut any mix you throw at it.
Capturing both steel-string and soundboard vibrations, the LR Baggs Active Magnetic Soundhole pickup creates a huge natural sound without annoying feedback.
A carved top, 5-ply binding and pearl block inlays all contribute to the sharp looks of this Hagstrom Swede, backed up by the sound of Custom 58 humbuckers.
Slightly bigger than the Concert shape, with a deeper voice, Breedlove's Stage Concerto All-Mahogany acoustic has a big sound with heavy bass reinforcement.
Get the correct footswitch for your Fishman Loudbox amp with this lighted, 2-button unit. Compatible with Fishman Loudbox Artist and Performer models only.
This Bugera 12AX7B Low Noise Triode Tube is hand-selected to provide an expressive tonal range, low audio and microphonic noise and maximum gain levels.
Featuring nylon treble strings and corum-wound bass strings, these Savarez 500CJ high-tension strings will help your guitar maintain loud, even projection.
Upgrade your guitar's electronics with the PRS ACC-4111 volume pot. It has a 500k rating and includes a 180pf capacitor plus all hardware for setup.
Like to strum hard? This Washburn's beveled armrest keeps you from hitting your arm on the edge of the body, and its satin mahogany neck is a joy to play.
Add some output to your Tele with this Seymour Duncan STL-3 Quarter Pound pickup, loaded with hand-polished alnico 5 rod magnets perfect for that P90 growl.
Outfit your Strat with the same knobs featured on the American Elite series. The soft touch texture makes on-the-fly volume and tone adjustments a snap.
Finally, a mic stand that plays nice with pedalboards! The On-Stage GPA1003 fits beneath your board, with 2 extra threaded holes for optional guitar hangers.
Taking up just 1/3 of the space of the Prefix Plus series, the Fishman Prefix Pro Blend is the ideal choice for modifying your smaller body acoustic guitar.
Produce the tone you loved in the Metal Muff in a smaller package! Use the tone control to cut the midrange for by up to 15dB for the classic metal scoop.
Retain aspects of iconic Telecaster twang, while also getting all the warm, smooth tone of a '59 humbucker -- all in a slim, single-coil-sized package.
Easily clean and polish your frets with the Music Nomad FRINE polishing kit, including fret guards, a polishing cloth, and specially formulated polish.
Let Luna's Tattoo mahogany tenor ukulele inspire you with its intricate decoration, inspired by traditional Hawaiian body tattoos.
Core wire reinforcement and DR's proprietary QUANTUM-Nickel wrap wire create the Veritas strings' rich tone, intonation stability, and break resistance.
This tin containing six Bob Marley-adorned picks will last you through long jamming sessions. Just hurry -- these special edition picks won't last long!
Want to protect your Bugera 212TS speaker cabinet from harmful dust and moisture? Pickup this custom-fit, branded cover made from durable black nylon.
Upgrade the stock neck plate on your guitar with this genuine replacement. The four-bolt plate fits most Fender models without the Micro-Tilt adjustment.
Vintage tolex, 5W of power and a leather handle make this suitcase-style acoustic amp from Luna the best travel and busking companion you could ask for.
The Ironheart SLS features up to 300 watts of power for destroying any stage, but also is capable of silent recording thanks to an on-board T-USB interface.
String up your acoustic guitar with this D'Addario EJ19 phosphor bronze set for increased resonance and volume thanks to its medium-gauge bottom strings.
The Seymour Duncan AHB-1 Blackouts can add serious power to your tone. With high-output active circuitry, the Seymour Duncan AHB-1 Blackouts rock.
Ditch your 9-volt batteries and use a Line 6 DC-1 power supply. It's also compatible with most 9V DC stomp boxes.
With the addition of a soft silk wrap around the bell end of each string, these Martin Authentic Silked strings will protect your 12-string guitar from wear.
These stainless steel La Bella 760FHB2 flatwound electric bass strings are specially designed to fit the Hofner "Beatle Bass" bridge designs.
An upgrade to the classic EMG 85 pickup, the 85-X delivers aggressive tone with more headroom. EMG's solderless Quik-Connect system makes installation easy.
Protect your investment with a pro-level case. Built for smaller-scale acoustic guitars, this case's plush-lined interior keeps your instrument scratch-free.
Maintain beautiful acoustic guitar tone with the Zoom AC-2 by replenishing sonic characteristics of your guitar that are often lost through acoustic pickups.
Take a trip back in time to the 1970s whenever you plug this bad boy in. A pair of zebra humbuckers and a gorgeous flame maple top mean serious business.
Lefties aren't left out from Squier's Contemporary Series. This double-humbucker-equipped Strat features a maple fingerboard and a cool matching headstock.
The Duo-Sonic's small body and short scale make it the perfect guitar for smaller-statured players. A pair of single-coil pickups produce a distinct tone.
Don't get lost in the low end of the mix -- Dunlop's Super Bright bass strings let you stand out with a crisp top end while maintaining thick balanced lows.
Cranking out up to 60 watts, the Rhythm Master will slay on any stage it encounters. This 1675RT features two 6L6s in the power section and a 5U4 rectifier.
Maximize the functionality of your favorite Marshall amp with this two-button footswitch. Remotely toggle between channels and turn your reverb on and off.
Contoured to fit your PRS perfectly, this black nylon gig back slings comfortably over your shoulders and features three pockets for all of your necessities.

Fender's locking tuning machines will keep you in tune all night long. Whether you're a heavy-handed player or string-bending wiz, these tuners will hold up.
Play with the pickups of John Petrucci! DiMarzio's DP227 LiquiFire humbucker offers tight sound and outstanding definition to suit any modern rock style.
Seamlessly and noislessly switch from one guitar to the other while using just one amp. You also have the option of using one guitar through two amps.
This guitar stand holds two guitars of any type back-to-back and is perfect for putting your prized instruments on display.
Cultivate the purest tone out of your SG with this Mojotone wiring harness. Made with high-quality components, this electronics upgrade is easy to install.
Strum in style with the hip PF14 acoustic. Featuring all-mahogany construction, this guitar is full of organic, punchy midrange that sounds great anywhere.
An excellent guitar for beginners, the concert-shaped Ibanez PC14's open pore finish contributes to a unique look and promotes natural resonance.

Made famous by the iconic KISS frontman, this Paul Stanley signature Iceman is equipped with Seymour Duncan '59 and Custom 5 humbuckers and an ART-1 bridge.
Shallow even by Celebrity standards, the Ovation CE48 is made comfortable by its slim body depth and roomy cutaway for access up to its 23rd fret.
With its fold-flat design and sturdy steel wire construction, this instrument stand can safely hold and display your ukulele -- even when you're on the road.
Built shred-ready with Seymour Duncan JBT4 humbuckers, a Floyd Rose tremolo, and compound-radius fretboard, the Jackson KV2 is a lethally sharp axe.
Want to drive your amp harder for optimal tone? This attenuator gives 50% and silent load options for lowering stage volume, or ditching the cab altogether.
Keep those pricey pedals safe. This softshell case from Pedaltrain accommodates Classic PRO, Novo 32 and PT-PRO pedalboards and features two storage pouches.
Handmade in the USA, this Gibson Nubuck guitar strap is 2.5" wide and adjusts in length from 39.5" to 66" to accommodate a range of players and instruments.
Toggle effects and tune your guitar without turning your back on the crowd with this 4-button footswitch. It allows you to switch between presets, channels and effects.
Stand out on stage and stay comfortable! This D&A Guitar Gear strap is made of premium quilted leather and is 2.75" wide for plenty of support.
Take your electric guitar anywhere with the protection of this TKL soft case. The rugged T-Cord 600 exterior and padded interior keep your guitar like new.
Get big sound from a 3/4-size guitar with the Baby Taylor. With its solid Sitka spruce top, the BT1 is one of the most popular small-sized acoustics around.
Equipped with a Fishman Sonitone system and soundhole-mounted controls, the Seagull Entourage Grand is the perfect compact companion for gigging players.
With the powerful, bright combination of a spruce top and myrtlewood back and sides, this Breedlove Oregon Concerto E acoustic ensures that you'll be heard.
Got a Zoom multieffects pedal? Tap into its full range of expression with the Zoom FP02. This durable foot controller lets you unlock your creativity.
Get the layering capabilities of 2 amps with the ease of a compact stomp box. It offers a clean control as well as a saturated overdrive control.
Install this set of Extra Slinky RPS strings on your guitar for buttery smooth bends. The Reinforced Plain Strings stay in tune better than regular strings.
With a high copper content for rich and warm tonality, Ernie Ball Paradigm Phosphor Bronze acoustic strings bring out the low-mid and bass in your guitar.
Starting with Dunlop's Super Bright formula, these bass strings are voiced for Marcus Miller's trademark sound -- cutting high end and powerful lows.
Honed for home and studio use, the Blackstar Artisan sports a wealth of features and a cool, retro look that's limited to just 1,000 pieces worldwide.
The Yairi DYM75 acoustic is filled with innovative, tone-balancing features like its unique bracing pattern, direct-coupled bridge, and dovetail neck block.
Adding a little flair to the traditional design, this LP Custom features a beautiful koa top and PAF-style alnico II loaded Probucker pickups for rich tone.
If you're looking for a great vintage sound, this PAF pickup is wound up for a rich, throaty tone that is sustained and articulate, without being too noisy.
With a wrap wire of 92% copper to 8% tin alloy, Martin 41M2600 Marquis phosphor bronze strings will give your acoustic guitar a mellow and warm tone.
Who needs the bells and whistles when you have great tone? This all-mahogany concert uke produces an organic sound and looks great with a Red Satin finish.
Get the most out of your playing with a high-performance RG Prestige. This model's DiMarzio Fusion Edge humbuckers offer a variety of cutting-edge tones.
With its impact-resistant exterior, Powerclaw latching system, and luxurious velvet interior, this case provides ultimate protection for your PRS guitar.
Pluck your banjo for longer with a set of Dean Markley strings. Get extra projection, a fuller tone and most importantly, longer life out of these strings.
Perfect for your new Ibanez axe, this Powerpad 540 gig bag protects your guitar with 15mm padding. Backpack straps make it a trusty travel companion.
Prepare yourself for any on-stage disaster with the CruzTOOLS GTMLT1 GrooveTech multi-tool for guitar or bass.
Smells good, cleans good, works on all guitar finishes and hardware -- have you bought a bottle of this stuff yet?
The iBeam sticks to the bridge plate inside the guitar and weighs just 1/3 of an ounce, making it easy to plug in your acoustic without impacting its tone.

Sparkly, lively, and resonant, the Gretsch G6129T59 Vintage Select 59 Silver Jet rockets you back to 1959 with Filter'Trons and period-correct appointments.
Add clarity and give lush, creamy top end to your favorite single-coil-loaded guitar's tone with this mineral oil-filled Mojotone Vitamin T 047uf capacitor.
Designed for standard 10-hole harmonicas, the Lee Oskar harmonica holder lets you play hands-free while you strum a guitar, play keyboard, or whatever else!
Thanks to its 3.5" width and foam shoulder padding, this sharp-looking leather strap lightens the load for bassists and guitarists.
Install this set of flatwound bass strings on a short-scale bass to recreate that classic thump. The stainless steel construction adds clarity to your sound.
Smaller than Breedlove's Concert shape but bigger than a parlor, the fun-sized and full-voiced Oregon Concertina E Myrtlewood creates pure playing enjoyment.
Sound great in any situation. Perfect for versatile 7-string players, this pickup blends vintage PAF and modern tones for superb clean and high-gain tones.
Say goodbye to intonation issues with the multi-scale Reaper 7MS. This axe also includes a poplar burl top and a pair of Diamond Decimator Blade pickups.
Featuring a graphic from the classic Bela Lugosi horror film "White Zombie," this killer axe is loaded with a Floyd Rose bridge and EMG KH Bone Breaker active humbuckers.
Slap some Darco roundwounds on your long-scale electric bass and experience the snappy feel, full bass response, and long life of quality Martin strings.
Amplify your 12-string or classical guitar with the AGX pickup from Fishman -- it's battery-free and can be used with a preamp for enhanced sound quality.
Plug this footswitch into your multi-channel Fender amplifier for hands-free switching between channels when you stomp on the switch.
A solid rosewood top, back and sides gives this Ibanez Artwood AC388 acoustic a wide dynamic sound with smooth highs, pronounced mids and a deep low end.
Lusting after the Ibanez M8M? Get the Meshuggah sound with an M80M. Made for drop tunings, this 8-string monster has a 29.4" scale and a Lundgren M8P pickup.
Guild's take on the classic dreadnought, the D-20 sings through its all-solid mahogany top, back and sides with a light satin finish for supreme resonance.
Balance the tone of your 7-string with this hybrid set of nickel-wound strings from Ernie Ball. Hex steel cores offer extended string life and stability.
Another edition of Synyster Gates' unique signature lineup, this jumbo acoustic puts out serious sound thanks to its body size and a Fishman Sonicore pickup.
The Classic 108 Fuzz Mini packs the same vintage fuzz of the original into a tiny footprint, loaded with a silicon BC-108 transistor for round, dirty crunch.
The St. Vincent RS adds the beauty and tone of roasted maple to its winning formula. A trio of DiMarzio mini-humbuckers offers a wide range of sweet sounds.
Kick on the Terminal V2 for a warm, fat fuzz tone, with tons of gnarly gain on tap. Use the Treble control to tailor your tone to fit any guitar or amp.
Are your arms tired? Does your strap dig into your shoulder? Break free from straps and pain with this adjustable stand that holds your guitar for you.
Carry your acoustic and your electric in one comfortable, convenient bag with the Gator 4G Series double guitar bag. Includes GLEX 20mm padding on all sides.
Recreate the smooth, balanced tone of your original Mullard tubes with this Electro-Harmonix EL34EH Power Amplifier Tube.
Slip the Dunlop 224SI brass slide on your finger while you play your acoustic, and you'll get tone that's warm, massive, and super resonant.
Looking for a reliable-yet-portable guitar stand for your electric guitar? The D&A Gigstand is sturdy, but also folds up to fit in your back pocket!
Wrangle up your dynamics and hone your ideal sound. The EHX Platform is a stereo compressor and limiter with on-board overdrive for powerful tone sculpting.
D'Addario EJ38H strings let you use "Nashville" or "High Strung" tuning methods for a jangly, 12-string sound without opening two packs of normal strings.
Utilizing a 12AX7 tube, the AV30G provides 30W across eight individually-voiced analog preamp circuits, paired with digital chorus, delay and reverb effects.
Already highly resonant due to its nitro satin-finished mahogany body, this S2 Standard 24 ups the ante with locking tuners and a set of 85/15 "S" pickups.
Triple your tone with this 60th Anniversary Jazzmaster! Elaborate electronics and a trio of Tim Shaw-designed humbuckers create a sound to be reckoned with.
Easily bend whole steps and even further with Super Slinky strings. Try three different varieties of these Ernie Ball classics: Super, Cobalt, and M-Steel.
Inside each of these tins is a pack of picks celebrating the fab four with iconic images and photos. Snag the perfect gift for the Beatles fan in your life!
Put these "Power Strings" on your 7-string, and you'll be equipped with a bright, long-lasting tone whether you're playing metal or pop.
Based on Tim Armstrong's legendary '60s Fender acoustic, this left-handed signature Hellcat acoustic guitar is ready to slam with all of Rancid's punk mojo.
Power over 20 effects pedals at once with this adapter. It runs on any AC power supply from 100 to 240 volts.
If you like increased flexibility for easy bends, try Martin MFX740 92/8 acoustic strings -- they're made with a thin core wire for more pliancy and sustain.
Emulating the Naylor SD60 amp, the Tim Pierce OD/Boost delivers a punchy, warm overdrive perfect for lead playing, but is capable of full-on tube fatness.
Made from durable Ultex and specially sculpted in a triangular shape, these picks will help you play with more speed, accuracy, and clarity.
Only an Ovation case can perfectly fit the unique body of an Ovation guitar. This case is made specifically for an Ovation super-shallow guitar.
With rectified nylon treble strings and traditional wound bass strings, this Savarez 520P Traditional Special set is perfect for your classical guitar.
Gain easy access to your instrument and amp jacks. This chrome pot wrench tool provides three thin-wall sockets designed to easily tighten loose jacks.
A perfect match for your Nano Legacy head, this 10-watt mini cab has a 4.5" speaker with 1/4" input and output, and enough low-end response to handle bass.
Not Even Slinkys are the perfect strings for detuning your guitar to Drop D or Drop C. This set replaces nickel with cobalt for increased output and clarity.
This Hamer Monaco FT's mahogany body and solid maple cap make for a reliable platform, topped with a figured maple veneer and cherry sunburst finish.
These colorful strings are comfortable and wont flake -- letting you add personality to your instrument without compromising your playing.
Using a strong ceramic magnet and overwound coils, the Seymour Duncan SHR-1n Hot Rails Strat pickup dishes out huge, well-balanced humbucker-esque tones.
D'Addario's Cradle Capo has a self-centering design for even tension across the fretboard and can be easily tweaked via its adjustable micrometer.
Looking to cut through the mix? Start with your strings. These Ernie Ball light electric strings are wrapped in nickel-plated steel for a bright tone.
ProSteels bass strings create a bright, harmonically rich, balanced tone thanks to a special steel alloy, making them a good choice for any style or genre.
Made to feel just as snug as your old favorite baseball glove, the Martin Ball Glove leather guitar strap will also give you a rustic look.
The compact soprano Luna Tribal ukulele has a stunning tribal design tattooed across its mahogany body for a distinctive look on any stage.
This 3" wide Levy's carving leather strap will stay comfortably on your shoulder during long gigs. Its contrast stitching adds strength and a unique look.
Get on the fast track to learning rock, blues, and folk guitar playing. This book covers chords, music notation, tablature, riffs, licks and scales.
Get comfort and stability when you rock with this guitar strap, which is available in red and black.
This 3 inch leather guitar strap is handcrafted in Franklin, Tennessee. It's made from natural caramel leather with contrasting gold stitching.
Jam like Jerry! The Premier Bedford Grateful Dead guitar's pickups replicate the legendary '59/JB combo for beautiful clean tone and rich, cutting overdrive.
Achieve '70s-like fullness-of-tone with the J Rockett Majestic overdrive pedal, a drive meant to evoke the expressive and powerful sound of Jimmy Page.
Visually striking poplar burl tops this mahogany RG657PB while a 5-piece maple/walnut Super Wizard HP neck gives you the power to shred faster than ever.
Add some chime to your sound with this mahogany and cedar 12-string acoustic from Schecter. A Fishman Sonicore piezo pickup will ensure every note is heard.
Martin's take on the nylon-string classical guitar, the 000C acoustic-electric is crafted from solid Sitka spruce and sapele with a Fishman F1 Analog pickup.
Perfect for pedals, these Ansmann 9V rechargeable batteries have a high power capacity and high retention. They come charged, so you can use them right away!
A must-have accessory for the gigging lap steel guitarist, the Gretsch G2165 gig bag has plenty of high-quality padding to protect your prized instrument.
Ernie Ball's popular 6-string Slinky bass strings are made in the USA, and played by bassists everywhere who desire an all-around well-balanced sound.
A J-45 for the lefty! The Gibson 2019 J-45 left-handed Acoustic/Electric has a slim walnut body, modern response neck profile and an LR Baggs Element pickup.
Own a Les Paul souped up with Fishman Fluence pickups? Add this easy-to-install backplate charger, and you'll never have to buy batteries again!
This pickup delivers smooth vintage humbucking tone in a single coil size. It's available for the bridge and neck positions.
This custom-tapered, 500k push-pull potentiometer from Mojotone is meticulously built, making it the perfect component for your guitar build or upgrade mod.
Get the familiar Slinky feel and tone with an increase in tuning stability and extended life of your plain strings thanks to Ernie Ball's RPS technology.
Protect your investment with this genuine amp cover from Boss. Designed to fit the Katana-100 like a glove, this cover helps prevent scratches and dings.
Featuring "warm" and "hot" channels with independent controls, this stompbox is capable of anything from mild bluesy overdrive to high-gain distortion.
Developed after an intense study of Spanish luthiers like Ramirez and Torres, this Alvarez CC7 Cadiz is lightweight and features asymmetrical fan bracing.
Celebrate Washburn's 135th anniversary with this dreadnought. A solid Sitka spruce top creates a striking tone that's tempered by mahogany back and sides.
Inspired by the heavy tone of the Friedman BE-100 amp, the Hotone Freeze B lets you dial in your ideal tone with 3-band EQ, volume and gain controls.
This buffalo leather strap features the classic ESP logo branded on the front and offers players a comfortble fit that's adjustable to 51" long.
Conveniently shaped to fit your guitar's sound-hole, this humidifier will provide the proper humidity distribution throughout the guitar's body.
Smaller than the traditional guitar pick, the Fender 347 pick gives you a quick response, bright tone, and a smooth feel when playing.
Sporting a look of true Italian style, the Right On Jazz Fiore strap features rich ornamentation and padded microfiber lining for luxurious look and feel.
The Ernie Ball Music Man active preamp gives the Luke 3 HH guitar an internal boost that will make your solos take off exactly when you need them to.
Based on the steampunk-esque Candela Vibrophase, this ZVEX creation makes the effect pedalboard-friendly and adds more controls to tailor the perfect sound.
Cultivate a complex rig without taking up a lot of room on your pedalboard with the Minimal AB Box. Switch between two amps or use an output for your tuner.
Ideal for the bedroom player, this single channel Marshall Origin5 combo amp offers a diverse tonal range from a clean and subtle to bright and cutting.
Compound-radius ebony fretboard with 24 jumbo frets makes the Jackson DK7Q Dinky HT 7-string electric a fast and rock-solid shredding machine.
Add some pizazz to your performances with this gorgeous koa-topped Wasburn acoustic. Fishman Presys+ electronics ensure superior sound quality at any venue.
Half the size of a typical guitar but packed with features, the Ibanez GA15 classical offers new players the mellow tone of a cedar top and sapele body.
This easy-to-use capo features lightweight anodized aluminum construction and a simple squeeze-release design for effortless use and buzz-free playing.
Fit a compact pedalboard -- or your other favorite accessories and gear -- into the Mono Club case. Dense foam bumpers cushion its contents from impact.
Harness the ancient "supra-natural" rock 'n' roll powers of The Pick of Destiny with this officially licensed replica pick from the Tenacious D film.
Protect your Spider V 240 with this heavy duty amp cover and gain storage space for power cords, cables, picks, and accessories thanks to its rear pockets.
Engineered specifically for the wide, flat fretboards of classical guitars, this Planet Waves capo pro lets you dial in the precise tension you need.
Featuring two channels with up to 75 watts of output power and built-in reverb and +12dB clean boost, this Hotone BritWind is the perfect portable amplifier.
Play the ukulele? Keep your tone mellow and warm with these D'Addario 1FLT9 felt picks. The elliptical cutout improves your grip on the pick.
From swampy tube tremolo to lush harmonic tremolo, the Source Audio Vertigo takes your square, sine and sawtooth tremolos to new heights.
Designed with a detailed Asian jacquard weave pattern and made with attention to comfort and durability, Levy's M8AS guitar strap is both stylish and solid.
When you're really feeling the low-down blues, grab the Hohner Rocket Low. This deep-voiced harmonica gets you down to the key of low C.
The classic sound of the Germanium transistor gets an upgrade with this versatile and authentic-sounding distortion pedal, inspired by the EHX Big Muff Pi.
Keep your semi-hollowbody guitar safe while gigging with this Mono Vertigo case. Its unique, top-loading design will save you time.
Made up of a 2 calibrated SH-1 '59 Model pickups for the neck and bridge positions, this set is perfect for Blues and Rock guitarists.
Treat your shoulder with the Fatboy strap. It's made with a half-inch of thick memory foam and is covered with top quality leather for comfort and style.
Perfect for pairing with Fluence humbuckers or other Fluence single-coil pickups, these Fishman Fluence SS passive pickups offer incredible tone.
Strap yourself in style and comfort with this suede guitar strap. It features double-ply end tabs and adjusts from 46 to 56 inches.
Keep your banjo sounding fresh with Elixir Polyweb banjo strings. Their proprietary coating helps prevent against corrosion and extend string life.
The H4A combines the the classic EMG look with the sweet mids and highs of passive humbuckers. The 5-Wire Quik-Connect system ensures speedy installation.
Adding and removing pedals from your rig is easier than ever thanks to the clean, fully adjustable, modular design of the Aclam Smart Track S1 pedalboard.
Available in an array of unique designs and color palettes, this Levys polyester guitar strap is adjustable up to 65" via its tri-glide adjustment system.
Boss' MDP processing reads your guitar's sonic characteristics and your playing to create the rich and musical overdrive you'll hear from the OD-1X pedal.
Guild's legendary 12-string acoustic sound adorns countless albums, and now it can be yours. The F-512 produces full-range tone with unmatched articulation.
Get this 12-pack of Everlast guitar picks and stock up on your favorite gauge! Ernie Ball crafts these picks out of Delrin for a non-slip feel.
With attachments to fit any banjo, this Levy's leather strap offers a comfortable feel for hours of playing, thanks to its sheepskin lining.
Experience killer vintage PAF tone with the added modern enhancement of an external preamp, providing a low-impedence output with very little hum and noise.
No banjo plucker should leave home without thumb picks. Stock up on these celluloid thumb picks from Planet Waves and you'll always be ready to banjo roll!
Play acoustic sets regularly? Martin MSP4850 acoustic bass strings are made from phosphor bronze so your rich bass tone lasts longer.
Martin MSP4800 acoustic bass strings are made from long-lasting phosphor bronze, ensuring your bass tone stays smooth longer.
Add some pizzazz to your playing with one of these colorful straps. Printed with a tropical pattern, this strap takes your uke playing back to the islands.
Drop this humbucker into any guitar to transform it into a bona fide tone machine. Based on pickups from a '59 Les Paul, these pups are a PAF lover's dream.
Metal never dies. Meet the MT-2w, an updated Waza take on the Boss original with a Custom mode offering tighter low-end, wider sweep and less unwanted noise.
With its low-impedance design and stereo in/out, the FV-30L is a durable volume expression option for gigging players working with digital instruments.
The Roland Mobile AC is a 5-watt stereo amplifier with a 1/4" instrument input, 1/4" mic input, and stereo RCA input -- everything a mobile performer needs.
Now there's a guitar strap that's beautiful and comfortable. This adjustable strap really stands out with its lovely, floral-patterned design.
Add richness and character to your acoustic guitar's tone with these bridge pins. Mimicking the feel of bone, these Tusq pins produce a  classic sound.
This 2019 J-45 sports a slimmer body depth and a modern Advanced Response neck profile for supreme playability in any position on its two-piece maple neck.
With an expressive tonal range and ultra-low noise operation, the Bugera 12AX7A Low Noise Dual Triode Tube is perfect for guitar and bass amp applications.
Mountable on any acoustic stringed instrument with a flat soundboard, the Fishman SBT-C classical guitar transducer pickup produces a natural and clear tone.
Come out on top of the mix with this humbucker pickup. It utilizes ceramic magnets and close aperture coils for awesome sustain.
Create the tone of the original Jimi Hendrix Crybaby with a much smaller footprint. A chromed-out top rocker makes this pedal look good on any pedalboard.
The HarpArm Twist magnetic harmonica holder twists around standard ball-type microphones to hold your harp in place comfortably and securely all night long.
Use this footswitch for a variety of purposes. It is designed for use with a variety of Zoom multi-effects models.
Made of heavy-duty 600-D nylon, the On-Stage GB4770 gig bag will protect your acoustic guitar everywhere life takes you.
Easily blend together the tone of your neck, bridge and middle pickups to varying degrees with the help of this Mojotone 250k CTS Blender Potentiometer.
Transmisser beams your signal into a black hole and back with highly resonant, filtered decay. Six controls chart your course to modulated reverberation.
Get that booming eight-string range without sacrificing string-bending with an super light set of D'Addario EXL120-8 electric guitar strings.
Jam-packed with iconic Gibson acoustic tone, the J-15 is a powerhouse guitar at a fantastic price. An LR Baggs Element pickup helps you sound great anywhere.
This simple one-button footswitch lets you access a multitude of features, from channel switching to reverb, on a slew of different Fender amps.
Seize total control over your tremolo tone for some over-the-top sounds. Access hidden features like Attack and Release by holding down the tap tempo switch.
Massage your guitar tone with a Body knob for low-mid thickness, Air knob for high-mid presence, and "Sun-Moon" control for overall brightness/darkness.
Designed with high tensile-strength core wire and corrosion-resistant tin plating, these Authentic Lifespan strings will ensure your 12-string's stability.
Safely and comfortably transport your Metro 16, Metro 20 or PT-Mini Pedaltrain pedalboard with this water resistant, backpack-style premium softshell case.
Give your hollowbody electric the protection it needs with this gig bag. The Powerpad 924 Ultra features heavy-duty padding to keep your guitar looking new.
Perfect for the beginner shredder, this 22.2" scale, 3/4-size Mikro is crafted with all the quality of a full-size Ibanez, down to the high-output pickups.
Hot-rod your favorite Tele without needing a soldering iron. The EMG T-System control plate and pickups feature solderless connectors for easy installation.
Get the Hoof and the Tone Reaper in one enclosure, with the addition of a game-changing analog octave up for anything from subtle overtones to banshee wails.
Let your creativity shine with this 2-button footswitch. Program this wireless pedal to switch sounds on your amp, or use it to even hit record on your DAW!
These individually wrapped Wonder Wipes from Ernie Ball make it a breeze to shine up your favorite guitar or bass without leaving haze and streak marks.
The Music Nomad GRIP cutter's flat end makes it easy to get flush with the tuning peg for a clean cut every time, and it's strong enough to cut bass strings!
With its ergonomic design and dual-bearing functionality, the GRIP Winder is a handy tool to have around for any guitarist who frequently changes strings.
If you're learning the art of guitar playing -- or if inspiration strikes and you need the perfect chord -- look to this easy-to-use chord chart booklet.
Get a dense tone and tight feel, perfect for drop tunings thanks to the wound G string featured in this heavy-gauge jazz EJ22 XL string set from D'Addario.
It's a guitar! It's a ukelele! It's actually a bit of both. This guilele has the small body of a uke with a guitar's full range, so it's perfect for travel.
Martin knows how to create the perfect acoustic guitar string. This set for 12-string acoustics gives you a clear and excellent tone.
Thick picks = thick tone. Discover what Gravity Picks can do for your playing and find your favorite shape and style in this variety pack.
Fender's Paramount style gets taken up a notch with a solid Adirondack spruce top, resulting in an acoustic guitar that's totally reactive to your strumming.
Analyzing the original picks and molds from the '60s, Dunlop has faithfully recreated the iconic Hecro nylon picks that helped create guitar-driven music.
Use these tuners with a Tronical backplate for fast, accurate, hands-free tuning! The 40:1 ratio allows for incredible precision when tuning to pitch.
Southpaws aren't left out from the signature Taylor tone. This lefty Grand Auditorium model features a solid Sitka spruce top to produce a dynamic sound.
Tune guitars, wind instruments and more with the OT120's 8-octave range and multiple temperament settings. The needle meter and LCD display ensure accuracy.
Learn to play guitar at your own pace, without taking expensive lessons. This instructional book and DVD combo teaches you the basics of many music genres.
Developed from biodegradable TPE, this mat provides a textured, anti-slip surface that's safe for finishes, so you can keep your instruments scratch-free.
The Martin MFX130 Flex Core acoustic strings are great for beginners because of their soft feel and flexible tonal possibilities.
Enjoy the deep, thick tone of flatwounds with a lighter, more flexible playing feel than ever before with La Bella LTF-5A Low-Tension Flexible Flats strings.
Pick up your guitar and your guitar stand with just one hand! This guitar stand grips your instrument's cutaway shoulder, locking it securely in place.
Lift the blanket off your Tele's tone by installing a Mojotone wiring harness. Swap out pickups in no time thanks to the push-in solderless wire connections.
Grab this Satriani signature axe for killer performance and incredibly smooth tone. The Edge tremolo offers solid control and accurate tuning stability.
Made from genuine suede and tooled with an ornate paisley pattern, this Levy's strap is 3" wide and adjusts from 37" to 51" to accommodate any playing style.
Super light, super sleek and super affordable, this G7th UltraLight guitar capo is easy to use and designed for wide classical guitar fretboards.
The Xotic BB Preamp Distortion pedal gives you 30dB+ clean boost with an adjustable +/-15dB two-band active EQ for smoldering crunch or smooth grit.
The Godlyke Power-All daisy chain cable lets you power up to five pedals while eliminating the clutter and confusion of individual power supplies.
The GTA7000 is the perfect affordable practice tool with three features that can be used simultaneously: a chromatic tuner, a metronome, and a tone generator.
Get a stainless steel tremolo arm for your Paul Reed Smith electric guitar -- designed to be wobble-free and resistant to breakage.
With 90,000 microfibers per square inch, these cloths from Music Nomad are well-equipped to remove grime from your gear and restore its original luster.
Perfect for the commuting musician, this bag has enough room for two electric guitars and more! The internal suspension system offers unmatched protection.
Keep your heavy sound when you unplug with the Orleans Stage 7. This seven-string acoustic's maple top ensures even your lowest notes stay nice and bright.
The Sonic Blue Twanger takes you back in time to mimic the classic "blackface" sound. Perfect as a preamp, boost, or distortion, this is one versatile pedal.
Perfect for players who prefer a slightly dirty tone, the Cranberry Overdrive delivers. Use the interior Trimmer control to adjust low-frequency response.
With nanotechnology-treated wound strings for moisture repellence and titanium-reinforced plain strings, these Coated Slinky strings are made to last.
Whether you're recording or on stage, this DI box will get your guitar sound through the console with full dynamics and without miking your speakers.
Don't settle for a ukulele capo causing buzzing and out-of-tune frets -- the Planet Waves Ukulele Capo Pro has micrometer adjustment for precise tension!
Get Ibanez sound, looks, and playability in a budget-priced guitar with the GRX70QA. A set of three PSND pickups lets you cover a wide tonal range.
Embark on a shred quest with the Ibanez GRGA120's mean Infinity pickups, slick pine fretboard with jumbo frets for easy playing and tremolo bridge.
Pack lightly when you enter the backwoods with this mini Dean banjo -- perfect for traveling or for smaller players seeking a better-fitting instrument.
The iRig Acoustic Stage mic fits in any acoustic guitar's soundhole, capturing its full tone. Plug into an amp or PA with the 1/4" output, or record via USB.
Keep your Fender safe while on the road with this sturdy hardshell ABS case that fits Stratocaster and Telecaster body shapes.
Perfect for musicians with multiple-amp setups, the Coolswitch sends your instrument's signal to 2 separate amps, either one-at-a-time or simultaneously.
Hear decidedly vintage tone from any amp you hook up to this killer speaker. Crank out up to 90 watts of warm lows and smooth midrange through the Cream.
Turn your single-coil-equipped guitar into a high-output tone machine! These humbuckers include four-conductor cabling to wire up versatile coil-tapping.
Your lap is no place for a string change. This string changing stand supports the guitar, making changing a string a hassle-free necessity.
A micro-fleece interior and ultra-thick padding make this an extra-tough gig bag. It even comes with a protective rain cover and plenty of storage room.
Round out your Peavey Bandit guitar amp with this 2-button footswitch. Its simple design makes selecting channels and engaging reverb a breeze.
Get a guitar strap you can rely on with this sporty option from Gibson. It features slick rivets throughout.
Set your tone free. The 8-inch hemp cone of the Patriot speaker pushes out a thick sound full of punchy lows and warm-yet-defined highs and mids.
Crafted to perfectly complement the MT-15 head, the MT112 cab features a rock-solid 60-watt Celestion Vintage 30 speaker that's suited for modern rock tones.
Explore vast soundscapes that'll take your creativity to the next level with the Prussian Blue reverb. Its high headroom produces for a rich, natural sound.
Keep your soprano ukulele safe and turn heads! This classy case features a vintage tweed wrap and gold hardware.
Practice or perform anywhere with this highly portable Laney Mini Ironheart amp. Connect your phone via LSI to generate amps from the Tonebridge database.
With a Sitka spruce top, mahogany back, sides and neck, and a treated New Zealand pine fretboard, this compact AN60 parlor acoustic offers an enormous range.
Retain all of your clarity and note definition with this beefy, low-output, Alnico II humbucker, designed by acclaimed pickup-building guru, Tim Shaw.
Retain impeccable clarity and note definition with the ShawBucker Model 1. This low-output zebra-covered humbucker enhances your guitar's fundamental tone.
Enjoy the same booming bass response of a traditional dreadnought in a smaller, more comfortable, left-handed package with this Martin Dreadnought Junior.
Designed for players who tune their guitars up to higher-than-standard pitch, these Martin High Tune strings deliver brilliant tone and durable performance.
Whether you play through the mini 3-watt amplifier or monitor through headphones, this iRig interface offers tons of versatility to record your tunes.
This economy pack from Hohner allows you to easily expand your instrument collection with harmonicas tuned to A, C, and G.
D'Addario XL strings are built for resiliency, and produce a bright and punchy tone to make your 5-string bass lines cut through the mix.
These D'Addario banjo strings are composed of nickel-plated steel to give you a sharp tone when you pluck, with plenty of volume to be heard over the band.
Add a British touch to any type of music with this guitar speaker. Especially perfect for blues and jazz, this speaker delivers thick, smooth, balanced tone.
Select from 8 different preamp circuits to get the exact tone you need. Modify your sound like a pro with the built-in modulation, reverb, and delay effects.
With the Waza 75 amp, you'll be able to dial in that classic Boss tone as your main sound. Choose from up to 3 amp styles, each with 4 hard-hitting channels.
Kerry King's signature model, these pickups deliver maximum distortion and metal tone. It includes EMG 81 and 85 pickups.
With padded contact points, this ultra-portable folding stand is ideal for ukeleles, mandolins, and other small instruments.
Take a portal to the past with this beautifully worn-in Premier Tammany acoustic. Its shallow body depth and C-shaped neck offer supreme playing comfort.
Power your cameras, effects pedals and more for longer with this 10-pack of Ansmann X-Power Premium Alkaline 9V batteries!
Bask in the warm tone of mildly overdriven glory with the Golden Acorn Special Overdrive. This dynamic gets dirty, but cleans up nicely with a lighter touch.
This no-frills speaker provides a deep, balanced tone that aims to emulate the sounds of the British Invasion. It's perfect for use in a single speaker cab.
With intuitive controls, tap tempo and a digital delay time screen that can be set to milliseconds or BPM, the DLY-4 gives you total reign over your delay.
When you need the distinct tone and incredible dynamic range of a high-gain British-style amp without the ear-splitting volume, reach for the Anodized Brown.
Straightforward and clean-sounding, Martin 41M190 80/20 Bronze 12-string acoustic guitar strings have a balanced tone and smooth, ringing sustain.
For when you don't want to lug around a full-sized footswitch, this device lets you scroll the first 4 presets of your Line 6 amp or multieffects unit.
Install these Bugera EL34 power tubes into your amp for an instant British invasion. Crank these tubes to unlock tight, responsive bass and articulate mids.
Mono's Warsaw guitar strap is made of seatbelt material for a sleek, understated look that matches any guitar (or bass) and genre.
Want a vintage-style guitar with a unique look? Look no further than the sleek, well-balanced Martin 000-17 Black Smoke acoustic -- a rare left-handed gem.
A great alternative to standard hook-and-loop fastening tape, Power-Grip doesn't collect dirt and holds pedals strongly in place until you decide they move.
Whether you're building a guitar or upgrading one, this Mojotone Tele wiring kit is a great choice, giving you that classic Tele configuration.
Re-doing your Strat's electronics? Go with this Mojotone wiring kit -- it features 5-way wiring with a master volume and two tone controls.
Get the tube amp sound you desire without paying the high price that comes with the territory. This stomp box can compete with any tube amp on the market.
Put your collection on display with these wooden wall brackets. Each steel hanger is padded with velveteen rubber that won't scratch your guitar's headstock.
If you dream of Soldano SL0-100 tone, get on board the Hotone Captain Sunset! This little guy recreates that legendary amp in a 5-watt package.
For acoustic and electric guitars and basses (not to mention mandolins and other stringed instruments), the Gibson Troubadour strap is a great choice.
These lap steel strings feature the definition and durability D'Addario is known for. They're specially tooled for sweet, brilliant lap steel tone.
Get a beefy 70s classic rock sound from your amp. The 30-watt G12H speakers offer great low-end and midrange control.
Hold that banjo up comfortably for long plucking sessions on the porch with this veg-tan leather, shepskin-lined Levy's strap, adjustable from 44" to 53".
Want classic tone? Use classic equipment. La Bella 0760M Deep Talkin' flatwounds are the strings of '60s Motown, and some of the deepest-sounding ever made.
With TC's doubling algorithm condensed and squeezed into a tiny enclosure, Mimiq Mini delivers studio-grade double tracking in an impossibly small pedal.
Make your acoustic electric sound great with these DR Zebra strings. Every other coil is nickel-plated steel and every other coil is phosphor bronze.
Give your Telecaster the pickup bring its tone from good to great. The Area T pickup gives you all the warmth you need, without the muddiness.
Give your guitar tone an open mid-range and aggressive low end with this pickup from DiMarzio.
Experience the authentic tone of down under with this incredible Angel 2 from Cole Clark. Its native Australian tonewoods offer a distinct, soulful sound.
Perfectly suited for use with the Invective.120 head, this 212 cabinet features Celestion Creamback H and Vintage 30 speakers and a stereo/mono input switch.
This 2.5" wide chrome leather Levy's strap features an embroidered cross at the front end and is adjustable from 42" to 55" long.
Modeled after the Bogner Shiva amp, Hotone's Nano Legacy Siva Boogie dishes 5 watts of high-gain thunder perfect for rock and metal.
The Protege U1's small size and great value make this a perfect first ukulele. The all-mahogany body projects a rich tone players of all ages will enjoy.
Keep your DigiTech RP500 out of harms way with this gig bag. With 20mm of padding, this bag will protect your gear like a mother bear does her cubs.
Get comfy -- attach the D&A Gig Strap to your guitar strap! With specialized studs, this pad offers comfort and relief while preventing shoulder strain.
Get all the goodness of the coveted 1956 P-90 without the 60-cycle hum. These Mojotone 56 Quiet Coil P-90 pickups noiselessly deliver biting vintage tone.
Clean strings are easy on the fingers and ears. Try Planet Waves string lubricant and cleaner to keep them fresh and improve your fretwork.
Made of magnesium, the Mag Slide offers warm tone, a heaping helping of sustain, and a comfortable playing feel for any slide player.
This quad set of Bugera EL84 power tubes are ready to turn your amp into a tone machine. Install EL84s for tight, crunchy tones with crystal clear highs.
Perfect for any player, this Washburn acoustic's solid Sitka spruce top cranks out professional tone. The mahogany back and sides add valuable midrange.
Clean up your sound with this preamp tube from Groove Tubes. It is usually used as a phase splitter or driver tube.
The Zero Point offers an accurate recreation of studio tape flanging by creating two subtly modulating delays that can be altered by the flange push-button.
Get all the vintage tone you want out of this EMG Retro Active Super 77 pickup set, with the added convenience of a clean, noise-free, low-impedence output.
Giving you the protection of a hard case but the easy of transport of a gig bag, this case comes with removable shoulder straps and a carrying handle.
Dunlop's Delrin 500 picks have a lot going for them -- they last longer, and their slick surfaces give them instant release from strings for precise playing.
Wired up with dual LB-1 Little Bucker pickups, this Starfire II offers up heaps of vintage Guild tone and endless sustain thanks to a Tune-o-Matic bridge.
Add even more low end to your 5-string bass tone with these hex-core Fat-Beams. They're compression-wound to keep your mids punchy and highs tight, too.
Play a glass slide just like modern blues star Gary Clark Jr. uses! This Dunlop slide features a small diameter and thick walls for beefy tone.
Made of smooth garment leather and featuring colored ends and decorative stitching, this Levy's guitar strap stands out on stage.
Built by Eminence to Eric Johnson's specs, the EJ-1240 achieves vintage alnico tone. A reformulated paper cone gets you punchy lows, and wide open highs.
This versatile load box is a must-have for players with high-wattage amps. Crank your power tubes and use the HeadLoad to reduce volume to reasonable levels.
Guitarists: Wind your strings up or down in no time! The GRIP Bit attaches to a power drill or screwdriver to safely and automatically wind your tuning pegs.
The Classic Mini brings the same unique acrylic material and beveled edge Gravity Picks are known for to a smaller pick that's perfect for shredders.
Play the blues with the perfect accompanying speaker. The Red White and Blues Patriot Guitar Speaker gives you a clear, balanced tone.
Known for his complex, clear and aggressive guitar work, Mark Holcomb designed this Alpha and Omega 8-string pickup set to suit Periphery's precise sound.
Looking for a strap for your mando? This soft, antique-looking suede strap will complement your mandolin perfectly.
Equipped with a DMT I2NR preamp and built-in tuner, this Koa-topped acoustic-electric is made for the stage.
Control the volume or effects parameters of your Mustang amp with this expression pedal from Fender.
Originally designed for Dinosaur Jr. guitarist, J. Mascis, the Double Rock is a switchable dual pedal featuring both Box of Rock and Super Hard On circuits.
Play with the big, percussive tone of George Lynch with this humbucker pickup. It delivers minimal bite and maximum growl.
Need a programmable switcher? Try the One Control Chamaeleo Tail Loop MKII. Its true bypass loops and tuner output ensure that you always sound your best.
Designed to fit all Gibson-style electric guitars, this Graph Tech Tusq XL slotted nut is blended with PTFE, which is five times more slippery than graphite.
Designed specifically to fit Steve Vai's demands, this pickup delivers singing highs and tight lows.
Fill your guitar tone with a ton of even-order harmonics for all the gain you need, complete with clear pitch definition and touch-sensitive dynamic control.
Designed in conjunction with the rise of progressive metal, this 7-string humbucker set is designed to accentuate every note, regardless of gain levels.
This wah pedal can do it all -- sweep through programmable rhythm patterns, autowah, or tap into its multitude of classic wah sounds.
A collaboration between Jackson and Randy Rhoads, this neck-thru guitar features 22 jumbo frets with pearl shark fin inlays, plus hot Seymour Duncan pickups.
Enhance your signal with this stompbox-style DI! The LR Baggs Align DI pedal features XLR and 1/4" outputs, ground-loop noise reduction and a mute switch.
Are you a fast picker? The Fender 551 guitar pick has a wide body and a sharp tip that's perfect for guitarists with fingers as fast as lightning.
Levy's PM23 guitar strap is the epitome of comfortable, thanks to its weight-relieving 2-inch width, movable foam pad and adjustable length.
Designed in collaboration with guitarist Pete Anderson, The HempDog 12 combines the clear, hi-fi sound of a Legend EM12 with the warmth of a Cannabis Rex.
Made from aircraft=quality aluminum, this flat-radius acoustic guitar capo from Dunlop will get you from one key to another without having to re-tune.
Stop trying to fit your guitar capo to other instruments! This Planet Waves capo is designed to fit banjo and mandolin perfectly.
Want to learn how to play guitar? This book and CD teach basic fundamental skills that will last a lifetime. Learn chords and start playing songs in no time!
Get the most out of reverb- and tremolo-equipped Supro amps with this 2-button footswitch. Its durable metal construction will endure years of touring.
Simple, classic and elegant, this 2-inch leather strap from Levy's will look great holding up any guitar, whether it's your favorite acoustic or electric.
Get big, full tone and well-balanced output with the Ibanez AG75G Artcore's Classic Elite humbucker pickups and warm-sounding maple-and-mahogany construction.
On and off the road, the Hohner Hardshell Case's aluminum frame and resistant plastic elements provide a convenient home and safe haven for your harmonicas.
With a 4-control layout, dial anything from fuzz, to overdrive, to sparkly boost -- all harmonically rich with the immediate, aggressive attack of silicon.
Go from early '60s black face era tone to vintage tweed territory with the distinct, switchable voices of this Trenton Pro's hand-wired, all-tube circuit.
Taking its cues from the simplicity of early '60s amps, the Bennington Pro features three 12AX7 pre tubes, two 6L6 power tubes and an analog spring reverb.
Inspired by '50s Princeton 5F2A amps, the hand-wired, point-to-point ValveTrain 205 packs big, soulful tube tone into a compact and classy tweed package.
Put Satan behind you -- and get 120 watts of demonic high-gain tone across two channels with effortless tone shaping by way of the 6irth and 6rind controls.
Return your guitar to the glory of its youth. This guitar gloss will leave your guitar looking brand new.
Safely transport your favorite Dean acoustic guitar with this stylish case. Keep your accessories organized with the interior and exterior compartments.
Don't let changes in humidity ruin your ukulele. The On Stage GA250 humidifier hangs between the strings and soundhole, and dispenses even moisture.
No one wants to comb through the carpet for a tiny pickguard screw -- hold small, metal guitar parts securely with the Dunlop System 65 magnetic parts tray.
The chrome plating on this On-Stage SLD guitar slide will add brightness and bite to your slide licks, whether they're on electric or acoustic guitar.
This reissue of the original 6550 Tung-Sol Tubes bring back that dynamic, classic tone that can be found in many of today's top amps.
The Seymour Duncan Pegasus is built for agressive playing, but uses a tamer output to accomodate modern high-gain amps and give you more warmth and clarity.
Keep your Little Martin safe within a plush-lined, 3-ply laminated wood shell case, trimmed with sleek black-on-black tolex and brass-plated hardware.
If you're serious about clean cable runs and pristine tone, the Buffer Bay 6 is for you. Engage the buffer to preserve your high end on longer cable runs.
Who says eye-catching looks and full sound can't be found in an affordable acoustic? The Dean AXS Grand Auditorium boasts both thanks to its mahogany build.
This angled Marshal cab is tops in terms of looks, projection, and power. With 100 watts of power, it was made to be heard for years to come.
Outfit your 8-string with a Fishman Fluence Modern pickup set for the multi-voicing of passive pickups and the powerful aggression of active humbuckers.
Show your strings a little TLC. This string cleaner extends playing life and wards off tarnish and corrosion.
The Ernie Ball M-Steels are made with maraging steel hex core wrapped in a strong cobalt alloy wire, giving these strings a long lifespan.
Chill, Winston -- give your amp a hit of Cannabis Rex to smooth out the treble and reinforce the bass, while retaining clarity. Makes a tinny guitar roar!
Own an acoustic-electric guitar with an endpin output jack? D'Addario's CinchFit Jack Lock lets you easily and securely attach your strap to it!
Looking for a high-quality strap? Try this leather guitar strap from Levy's. Its 2.5-inch width makes it comfortable for practices and performances.
Who likes changing the strings on their 12-string? With Elixir Nanoweb you can do that a lot less, and spend your quality time the right way -- making music.
Bright and true, with the feel and tension that only nickel wound strings can provide, these bass strings are sure to become your favorite.
Bring out your acoustic's warm tone and natural resonance with D'Addario EJ40 Silk and Steel folk acoustic guitar strings -- great for fingerstyle playing.
Replace your old or dead-sounding speakers with a true upgrade. Amp guru George Alessandro's signature speaker produces deep lows with sparkling high end.
Drop in this EMG pickup set for some powerful J-bass tone. No soldering is required, so you can get to laying down a fat groove faster than ever.
Kick your ukulele career into action. The Kala makala soprano ukulele is a great choice for beginners.
Keep your Fishman Loudbox Mini guitar amp in gig-ready condition -- shield it from the elements with this durable nylon slipcover from Fishman.
Add a 7-string to your arsenal without breaking the bank. The M-17 features LH-100 humbuckers and a comfortable maple neck for extended shred sessions.
Treat yourself to the luxurious feel and classic look of suede leather with Levy's MSS3CP, a wide and hefty guitar strap that's great for heavier axes.
Ibanez shrunk the CS9! The CS Chorus Mini gives you all the same analog warble as the original, but in a compact housing that won't crowd your pedalboard.
The versatile Eminence Wheelhouse 150 combines the warmth of hemp with the power and responsiveness of neo for touch-sensitive, balanced, always-smooth tone.
With a huge 34 oz. ceramic magnet, this powerful speaker delivers British-voiced tone that could be the basis for creating your own guitar-playing legend.
Developed as an affordable, comfortable instrument for young guitarists, this Cordoba Protege is three-fourths the size of a normal guitar.
Make sure your FBV Shortboard is safe as you load and unload your gear. The exterior is covered in a water-resistant Cordura material.
Made of soft, mellow garment leather with suede backing and foam padding for extra comfort, Levy's M26GF padded strap feels as nice as a worn-in slipper.
A comfy 2" strap with leather ends, Levy's Southwest-style MSSN80 makes you look cooler than a glass of iced tea and play hotter than a grilled jalapeño!
Designed for players wanting a more powerful P-90 with more gain and punch, the Hot P-90 Quiet Coil offers hard-hitting single-coil tone without the noise.
Keep your ESP or LTD baritone Eclipse in perfect shape with this hard case. The form-fitting interior grips your guitar tight to avoid the bumps of the road.
With a poplar body, flame maple top and distinctive oversized headstock for extra-long string length, this Dean VX delivers V-style sustain and resonance.
Get a quality classical acoustic guitar with smaller dimensions than that of a full-sized model. It's ideal for children and travelling.
Whether it's at a show, practice, or on the road, keep your Boss bass effects pedal safe at all times. It's a durable gig bag with heavy-duty zippers.
Featuring a satin finish and iconic Zakk Wylde "Buzzsaw" graphic, this Wylde Audio Blood Eagle provides head-turning looks and thick, aggressive tone.
Fusing a beautifully flamed maple top with Zakk Wylde's signature "Bullseye" graphic, this Wylde Audio Odin Grail axe will turn some heads at your next gig.
Get more tone from your amp! This powered, 200-watt expansion cabinet is connected before the output section of your amp for full-range power and dynamics.
Love your strap, but need some additional length for your guitar to sit right? This Levy's strap extender adds up to 12" of length to your strap!
Also referred to as the "mini-dread", the Ibanez PF2MH is a great guitar for children, traveling musicians, or street performers because of its small size.
Designed after Michael Schenker's signature model, this Dean electric features the classic black-and-white finish on a V-shaped body and headstock.
What tone could be more natural than a wood pick on an acoustic guitar? Clayton Exotic Fuse picks blend woods like ebony and padauk for unique timbre.
Show off your musical flair with this strap from Levy's. Featuring a pair of eighth notes, this genuine leather strap's 3 1/2" width offers superior comfort.
Get an old-time rock-and-roll sound with plenty of midrange punch when you install the 6L6B Quartet tubes from Groove Tubes in your amp.
Perfect for rock, metal, and beyond, the V1 Apocalypse places earth-shattering power right in your hands. The Schecter USA pickups drip with high-gain tone.
Attracted to bright-sounding bass strings? Then you'll fall in love with the ProSteels medium-gauge EPS165 XL, D'Addario's most magnetic bass strings.
Add some tropical flair to any gig you play with this Right On Funky Maui guitar strap! Adorned with Hawaiian print, this strap will surely get you noticed.
Keep your EVH 5150III LBX amplifier head as good as new with this gig bag. The bag features a shoulder strap and 8mm interior padding to keep your amp snug.
Keep only the best on hand at your shop. This guitar tech kit contains a 4 oz. bottle of ultimate lemon oil, polish and cleaner, string cleaner, 2 cloths, and a pegwinder.
Easily transition from guitar to banjo, and make a statement doing it. The Luna Moonbird is a 6-string banjo featuring beautiful "moon and stars" artwork.
Built solidly and inspected for quality, the Ibanez GRG131DX GiO electric guitar delivers easy playability and aggressive, powerful tone every time.
Known for its tone, the Hohner blues harp is Steven Tyler's harmonica of choice. Blow the blues in the keys of C, G, and A with this three-pack set.
Add a dose of versatility to your rig with the Switchblade. This passive A/B pedal can be used to switch between two different amps, pedalboards, or guitars.
With a striking body shape, lightning-fast neck and scorching EMG 81/85 pickups, the Blood Eagle is ready to shred and worthy of carrying the Wylde name.
Phones and tablets have become a staple on stage for many artists, and One Control provides the power. A pair of LED lights helps visibility on dark stages.
Get straight to the source of Texas blues with this prewired pickguard. SRV's guitar tech Rene Martinez helped design these alnico pickups for pure tone.
Show off your devotion to more than just playing guitar with this Levy's strap. A super-embossed cross on the genuine leather really makes a loud statement.
Perfect for the needs of the modern guitarist, the Reaper 6FRS features an attractive poplar burl top, Sustainiac electronics, and a Floyd Rose 1500 tremolo.
Play a ukulele backed by Martin's legendary reputation for quality. The Martin S1 uses a mahogany body with a dovetailed mahogany neck.
Hand-selected at NAMM 2018, this Fender Custom Shop '57 Heavy Relic Strat features a quartersawn, one-piece maple neck and hand-wound '57 Strat pickups.
Great for casual jams or gigging at the local cafe, this Luna Acoustic Ambience combo provides 15 watts of power in a stylish "tooled leather" enclosure.
The masterfully constructed Ibanez RG8520 J Custom electric guitar uses advanced design and materials to ensure a first-class playing experience, every time.
Blending a classic hitch weave and black suede, this classy looking strap evokes the feeling of a time long past, but with a modern and comfortable build.
Featuring the same pickguard and aesthetics as Epiphone's iconic Hummingbird guitar, this tenor ukulele sports a recognizable look and beautiful tone.
Sporting a worn look, the Right On Straps Mojo Boxeo guitar strap is handmade to remain comfortable during long gigs and stay on your shoulder.
Supremely smooth with impeccable tone, these Ernie Ball Flatwound bass strings feature cobalt ribbon wrap for a bright tone that's anything but dull.
Get authentic, vintage tube tone from this compact, lightweight mini combo amp. It features master volume control and 15 watts of power.

If you picked up a 1695T Black Magick combo amp, you better cover that mother with this genuine CS12 amp sleeve, direct from Supro -- she'll thank you later.
Protect your beloved instruments against damage caused by a lack of humidity. This two-way humidification system maintains a relative humidity of 45-50%.
Explore the distinctive sound of wood with a Taylor ebony slide. As a softer material than metal or glass, these ebony slides evoke a gentler, warmer tone.
Inspired by the sound of old Supro amps, the Honey Bee Overdrive provides a mild overdrive, ideal for an "always on" tone, stacking well with other pedals.
An oversized headstock for added string length, coupled with a bolt-on maple neck and basswood body give this Dean ZX rock-solid stability and ease of play.
Love your Schecter electric guitar? Get the same quality and tone from this Orleans Studio acoustic, featuring Fishman electronics and tonewood construction.
Whether you like to sling your axe real low or are just plain ol' tall, this is the strap for you. It's adjustable up to 72" in length!
Soft to the touch and easy to adjust, this polyester guitar strap is super-comfortable and perfect for long practice sessions or gigs.
The Humiditrak Bluetooth sensor and free smartphone app helps you keep tabs on the humidity and temperature of your guitar quickly and easily.
Made to fit on the Fender Bass VI, these round wound, nickel-plated steel strings deliver a balanced, bright tone that works for many genres of music.
This protective cover, made from black nylon to custom fit your Bugera V5 Infinium amp is a must-have accessory for keeping your amp safe from the elements.
Corrosion-resistant with a warm, classic tone, Martin Vega monel strings bring out the percussive attack and natural, midrange-forward sound in your banjo.
A powerful bridge pickup with aggressive lows and mids, Mark Holcomb's Seymour Duncan Omega Trembucker provides clear detail and individual note definition.
Young guitarists and traveling musicians will enjoy playing this half-sized acoustic guitar. Its nylon strings give you a Classical/Spanish tone.
This polishing cloth cuts through the toughest stains and removes dust, dirt, and smudges with ease. It requires minimal polish to get the job done.
Keep your Spider V 120 safe when not in use by slipping this custom-fit cover over it. A rear pocket holds your accessories.
This speaker provides that desirable British tone, but it's perfect for any genre. It's available in 8 ohms or 16 ohms.
Avoid scratches and scrapes on your Supro 1x12" or 2x10" combo amp. This cover perfectly fits the models below and is emblazoned with the classic Supro logo.
The Schecter S-II's active EMG pickups bring punch to the licks you'll shred across its ebony fretboard, and its slim mahogany body is light for long gigs.
An old-school funk machine in a compact enclosure, the Doctor Q Envelope Follower pedal achieves auto-wah effects thanks to its ultra-responsive tracking.
Specially designed for the Fender Bass VI and similar guitars, La Bella 767-6Fs feature custom sizing and the thick, smooth tone you expect from flatwounds.
Adorned with Epiphone's "E" logo, this hard case is specifically designed to fit your Explorer or Firebird-shaped guitar and keep it safe and secure.
Don't mic up a cabinet -- just crank up your amp head and plug it into this speaker simulator. Its DI output gives you the sound of a cab, without the bleed.
Working on your frets? Protect your fretboard from scratches and scuffs with these guards from Music Nomad. They fit over all fret sizes and radiuses.
Is your guitar missing a strap button? Instead of drilling a hole in the neck heel, try this strap tie -- it fits around your headstock, under the strings.
Extend the life of your strings with the Music Nomad String Fuel. It uses mineral oils to clean and lube up your strings and prevent breakage.
Made to fit a wide variety of Epiphone-style acoustic and electric guitars, this Graph Tech Tusq XL nut is permanently lubricated and precision slotted.
Inject some new life into your acoustic with a fresh set of Darco strings. The phosphor bronze alloy used adds an organic complexity to any guitar's sound.
Perfect for extra-long sets or for supporting heavier instruments, the Levy's MSS1 is a foam-padded, 3" wide guitar strap made from vegan tan leather.
Add a touch of darkness to your on-stage look. This Levy's suede strap features an all-black aesthetic and subtle skull pattern throughout.
Designed to fit your George Lynch guitar, this case is form-fitted for ultimate protection on the road, in the studio, or in storage.
This is one dangerous Dinky. A gorgeous quilted maple top and custom humbucking pickups create the unbelievably articulate tone of this 8-string guitar.
Inject some lovely vibrato and chorus modulation into your signal with the Instant Lo-Fi Junky. Adjust the waveform of your signal for some demented tones.
Outfit your 7-string guitar with some killer Signature Series strings. The nickel-plated steel wrap wire provides the balanced, full sound of rock and roll.
Download hundreds of amp choices on the ToneCloud, or capture the sound of your favorite amp. Stereo line outs plus built-in USB output make recording easy.
The PWHTS Hygrometer detects humidity from under 20% up to 99% and temperatures from -32F to 122F so you can protect your instrument from drastic changes.
Created for period-correct tone, DiMarzio DP275CR PAF '59 pickups are made in the U.S. with strict adherence to the tolerances of the original 1959 PAFs.
Martin makes this 12-string set with high-tensile core wire and phosphor bronze wrap wire, for rich tone that lasts through many long sessions.
Give your classical guitar a fresh sound by stringing up these Dunlop nylon strings! Their 10-step quality control process ensures performance.
With its gorgeous flame maple resonator, deluxe pearl inlays and beautiful brass tone ring, the Washburn B16K banjo is a truly stunning instrument.
This 500k logarithmic PRS push-pull tone pot possesses the same high level of craftsmanship found in PRS guitars. It's great for coil-splitting.
Push your acoustic guitar down, and let it spring back up to lock into the top yoke. Now you can carry your guitar and your guitar stand with just one hand.
Let your picks match your music with these metal picks from Clayton. Give your music a bright cutting sound with a solid grip.
Made of rugged, water-repellent nylon, the On-Stage GBA4550 gig bag gets your precious acoustic to the stage without dings or damage.
With an all-mahogany body construction, this Hellcat doles out some seriously devilish tone. A Fishman Isys III Pickup System ensures great tone anywhere.
Easy to read with a slick yet simple design, the Korg CA2 compact chromatic tuner is an essential accessory for music students and teachers alike.
Clean up the sometimes muddy lower register of your 6-string bass with the emphasized top end and midrange punch of the GHS Round Core Boomers.
Made with a set neck, extra-jumbo frets, and humbuckers for solid low-end growl, the ESP LTD Viper 201B is an aggressive and awesomely affordable baritone.
Get a great start on playing guitar with the AJ-220S. The classic Advanced Jumbo design ensures a huge, articulate sound whether you're at home or on stage.
Load your cabinet with the 8-ohm Eminence Legend 125 speaker for smooth response and vintage tone, thanks to its ferrite magnet and Kapton coil former.
Protect your guitar while you're on tour. Perfect for airport travel, the Mono M80-AD has straps that keep your guitar from moving around inside the case.
Your Fantomen is tricky to fit in most guitar cases. Why not go with this custom-fitted case by Hagstrom? Its deep plus interior keeps your axe in place.
Crank out warm, harmonically-rich fuzz with the Friedman Fuzz Fiend. A high voltage 12AX7 preamp tube tastefully compresses and clips your guitar's signal.
Bring out the unique tonal characteristics of your favorite mandolin with these nickel-plated, phosphor bronze-wrapped, carbon core strings from D'Addario.
With heavy relic treatment showing the natural wear and tear of years of use, this Custom Shop '65 Strat looks, feels and sounds like a well-loved treasure.
Just like you, your guitar or bass loves to be pampered. Ernie Ball's polish helps rid your guitar of dirt and grime, leaving a clean, streak-free finish.
Tonally in the same ballpark as rosewood, the ovangkol top, back, and sides of the 23T tenor uke create a rich midrange that sounds clear in any situation.
Equip your Martin guitar with this retro-style woven guitar strap, and add a touch of old-school charm to your stage presence.
Perfect for Country, Americana, and Roots-style music, these copper-wound strings give you maximum clarity and a mellow, chiming tone.
Replace mics and bring consistency to your live shows by capturing the sound of your amp head and emulating the tone of a 4x12 cab with the Radial JDX 48.
Lost your blade switch cap? Restore your PRS to its former glory with this simple cap that goes right on top of your pickup selector switch.
The rootsy look of this simple guitar strap has been embraced for generations. This Franklin strap features the softest glove leather for a comfortable feel.
Rhythmically add and remove effects to your chain, or momentarily kill your entire signal for striking stutter effects with the Electro-Harmonix Chillswitch.
Voiced exactly to Geezer Butler's specs, this signature wah features convenient auto-return switching so you can step in and out of the effect with ease.
Get beautiful dreadnought tone and construction at an unbeatable value with this Breedlove Discovery dreadnought, ideal for beginners and old pros alike.
Keep your Boss Acoustic Singer Pro amp looking new with this durable polyester amp cover, sized perfectly to protect your amp from dust, dirt, and scuffs.
String on a set of Ernie Ball Extra Slinky strings, and you'll quickly find out why their signature feel and tone make them the world's #1 bass strings.
Safeguard your concert ukulele from the elements as you get from point A to point B with this extremely durable, water-repellent Black Belt gig bag from TKL.
Say goodbye to tone-sucking signal loss with the dB+. An independent buffer preserves high frequencies while a one-knob boost ensures presence in the mix.
Combining simple gain, tone and volume controls with a unique 8-position switch, the Fuchs Plush Straight 8 delivers a range of custom-tailored overdrive.
Never have to upgrade your pots again thanks to the dust and corrosion-resistant, noise and scratch-free audio taper design of the Dunlop DSP250K Super Pot.
Stop propping up your guitars and basses on random objects while you change strings and do repairs, and pick up this sturdy, specially-designed neck support.
Make sure you can find all your gear accessories, even on dark stages, with this Gator LED case! Just open the case and the bright LED illuminates.
These Dunlop 513 picks are called Primetone for a reason -- their hand-burnished, sculpted edges help bring out the clearest tone from your guitar.
Learn to play any song in any key. This helpful book teaches you to simplify chord progressions, substitute chords, and transpose songs into any key.
Designed with Judas Priest's Glenn Tipton, the GTV is a modified EMG 81 pickup that uses ceramic and steel magnets for tight attack and amazing clarity.
This heat-treated glass slide sounds great playing the bluesy licks you've been craving -- and it has plenty of sturdiness to withstand your abuse.
Charge both AA and AAA batteries with the Powerline 4 Light. An Intelligent Charge Control keeps your batteries from overcharging to promote a longer life.
You love playing your guitar, so why not play with as much comfort as possible? This Levy's strap is made from garment leather for the softest feel around.

Get 2 pickups in one with this EMG humbucker pickup. The EMG-89 has a single and dual coil pickup inside of it.
Great for heavy strumming and lower tunings, D'Addario EJ18 phosphor bronze strings produce more tension than normal strings for a bold, resonant tone.
Dial in a wide selection of tones with the TM303M's 3 Custom Vintage single-coil pickups. The middle pickup has its own volume to get the tone just right.
Perfect for practice or a spur-of-the-moment jam session, the Ibanez Troubadour 15 is a highly portable and affordable companion for singer-songwriters.
Handmade in Spain from durable, comfortable leather, this Leathercraft Vintage guitar strap is the epitome of class and features an embedded pick holder.
When you need deep bass with punchy mids, a full set of 6550 tubes is the way to go. This set from Bugera emphasizes power, consistency, and durability.
Span the cleanest and most aggressive dirty tone with this pickup set designed in collaboration with Killswitch Engage's Adam Dutkiewicz and Joel Stroeztzel.
Thanks to its increased tuning stability and longer string life, the Reinforced Plain Strings on this Ernie Ball set will definitely make your guitar happy.
Add some extra bite to your amp's tone -- this 50-watt Eminence Red Fang speaker uses a ceramic magnet to deliver more harmonic depth than ever.
Install the Fishman Matrix Infinity pickup and preamp system to give your ukulele clear, transparent tone -- easily adjusted via soundhole-mounted controls.
Play like the Man in Black with this Dunlop Johnny Cash Capo, inspired by Cash's own Victor capo. Its wormgear adjustment provides even pressure.
Play slide like Black Crowes guitarist Rich Robinson with this brass slide by D'Addario. Its crisp tone is sure to help you cut through the mix.
Route your multi-channel amp through this box, and get complete MIDI automation of your channels. This pedal makes switching channels and effects loops easy.
Engineered in Germany, this Levy's MN01-XL strap is made of elastic and polyester for a stretchy feel that can help ease the burden of a heavy guitar.
These iconic Dunlop Nylon picks give jazz guitarists unprecedented playing feel and lend themselves to clean, articulate picking.
Quickly and easily raise the pitch on your guitar with Peavey's guitar capo with silver anodized finish.
Enjoy a warm midrange coupled with articulate highs on this 000-18. This 24.9" short-scale guitar features a solid Sitka top with mahogany back and sides.
Play this guitar with a slide and you're transported to Delta blues territory. Featuring a heavy metal body with a resonator, this Dobro is an American icon.
Add deep, fat tone to your short-scale five-stringer with these flatwound bass strings from Dunlop. The stainless steel outer wrap keeps your sound lively.
Keep your pedalboard lean and mean with this mini version of the Morley Power Wah Volume pedal, combining two important effect functions into one enclosure.
Resist corrosion and wear while retaining the natural, bright tone of your acoustic guitar with these D'Addario EXP12 coated strings.
Make a smooth, easy transition from a steel-string guitar to a classical guitar with this nylon-stringed, crossover acoustic-electric from Cordoba.
Absolutely loaded with vintage mojo, this heavy relic Strat invigorates any collection. A trio of hand-wound Fat 50s pickups produce a thick, complex sound.
There's no better way to keep your 240HC amp head in perfect shape than with this cover. A rear pocket conveniently stores your cables and other accessories.
This 50 watt head is about to become your main squeeze. The two-channel ODS II nails a variety of sounds, from sparkling clean to over-the-top saturated.
Made from solid mahogany which has been torrified for a dry, rich tone, the Washburn Heritage 100 HG120SWEK includes mic/piezo Fishman PreSys+ electronics.
This Whirlwind Rochester Gold Box pedal screams with a wide range of hand-wired sonic distortion, from warm tube breakup to all-out searing-hot overdrive.
Crafted to deliver classic Delta blues overdrive, Wampler's Clarksdale v2 pedal offers a 3-band EQ and a smooth/lift switch to push your tone through the mix.
The 24 1/2" scale of this SE Standard is comfortable to players who prefer short-scale guitars, while its dual humbucker configuration adds vintage appeal.
With its water-resistant exterior and plush, luggage grade interior, the Fender Urban gig bag will keep your mandolin safe.
The D&A Grip features an upturned angle for a secure fit and finish-safe TPE polymer on all points of contact, so you can rest assured your axe hangs safely!
Tired of boring, solid-colored guitar picks? Show off more of your personality and style with these camouflage-patterned picks.
With 2000 milliamps of juice available, this adapter easily powers your thirstiest 9V effects pedals. Use it worldwide thanks to 100-200V compatibility.
Perfect for players who rely on digital modeling to achieve their sound, the Stage 50 features a pair of 6L6 power tubes that unleash American tone muscle.
Inject a dose of analog muscle into your digital rig with this tube-powered cab. This 1x10" cab features a 6V6 power amp tube that adds body to your tone.
Clip this tuner onto your headstock and tune up with ease. It utilizes the instrument's vibrations instead of sound, so you can tune up in noisy environments.
Inspired by classic models but with a style all its own, the Gibson 2019 ES-235 is loaded with Burstbucker Pro pickups for authoritative tones.
This beautiful soprano ukulele boasts a solid top and back crafted from figured acacia -- an exotic wood related to koa -- and an ornate rope-style rosette.
Sync up your delay times on the fly with this tap tempo pedal from Ernie Ball. This pedal works perfectly with any delay that supports an external tap tempo.
Maintain your guitar sound over long cable runs. With this TC Electronic Teleport GLT transmitter plus a GLR receiver, your signal stays strong for 300 feet.
Signal loss on long cable runs? Not with TC Electronic's Teleport system! Pair this GLR receiver with a GLT transmitter, and send your signal up to 300 feet.
Install these RPS strings on your guitar to power through gigs with confidence. The durable Reinforced Plain Strings help keep you in tune the whole set.
La Bella 710M Silk and Steel strings are specially designed with a formula that combines a steel core, silk filament and silver-plated copper wire.
Get noiseless humbucker tone with a vintage twang with this pickup. It features a 6-pole piece construction, which delivers an added punch.
Get more bite and longer sustain from your pedal steel guitar with these bright-sounding strings made from a durable, corrosion-resistant alloy.
Are you a huge Taylor Swift fan? Printed with Taylor's signature and a fun, floral design, this guitar strap will show your ultimate fan status.
This pick holder sticks to your guitar or bass so you always have a pick at hand. The adhesive-free suction design leaves no residue on your instrument.
Boost your lows, mids, and highs with this humbucker pickup. It offers high output tone with a wide dynamic range.
Great for mandolin players or guitarists with fast fingers, the Fender 358 Shape pick is smaller and slimmer than a regular guitar pick.
The Edge displays his love of art with this strap's beautiful hand-stitched inlays, and also his need for comfort with its layers of soft garment leather.
Get the quintessential early Strat sound, combined with an added midrange, higher output and increased sustain with this EMG SA active single-coil pickup.
Safely stash your 8-inch Quilter MicroPro or Aviator amplifier, cables, and footswitch with this portable and durable Deluxe amplifier case.
Adjustable all the way out to 72 inches, Levy's MSSC8-XL extra-long guitar strap is great when you need a simple and solidly-built strap to last for years.
Mod your Strat with this pre-wired kit from Mojotone! In addition to a 5-way pickup switch, it offers a blend control to mix neck and bridge tones.
Stand up and let your classical guitar or ukulele be heard with this Levy's strap. The genuine leather strap secures your instrument with a soundhole hook.
Hear the nuances between three different Ernie Ball string sets. This pack includes one set each of three Slinky flavors: Regular, Cobalt and M-Steel.
Dial in a lush, dreamy dual chorus sound for bass or guitar with the rate, depth and effect level controls of the Ampeg Liquifier analog chorus pedal.
Upgrade your guitar and your intonation with these popular tuning machines from Schaller.
Seymour Duncan Psyclone Vintage pickups recreate the gentile yet brash tone of the Filter'Trons pickups that defined rock 'n' roll in the '50s.
This guitar care kit from On-Stage has everything you'll need to keep your axe running clean -- it's even got picks so you can play right away!
Featuring Right On's metal tri-glide adjustment and an embedded pick holder, this Roadrunner Series strap is a slim, comfortable choice for any guitarist.
The easiest way to get TUSQ tone is to grab a pack of TUSQ picks! Made of GraphTech's proprietary material, these picks offer bright, warm or deep tones.
Do you need a case to protect your mandolin while you carry it around? This case fits Epiphone mandolins (specifically the ED50) perfectly.
Shred faster and strum easily with these guitar picks. Made from tough Ultex, Dunlop 515 Primetone Sculpted Plectra picks have a unique semi-round shape.
Maintain and monitor the humidity level in your guitar case with D'Addario's Humidipak bundle. An included Humiditrak sends data to your phone via Bluetooth.
It can be hard to find an affordable, compact, left-handed guitar that delivers top-quality tone -- this Martin DJRA is a great solution for any southpaw.
Add some character to your tube rectifier-equipped amp with this Bugera 5U4. This tube converts AC power to DC and reacts to your playing for a spongy feel.
With its radical design, the S2 Vela is sure to turn a few heads. Create tons of tones with the PRS-designed Starla humbucker and Type-D single-coil pickups.
The JSA5 is Joe Satriani's signature acoustic-electric guitar, with a wide cutaway for upper-fret access and Fishman Sonicore pickup for crystal-clear tone.
This Luna Heartsong ukulele features a unique treble-and-bass-clef-heart rosette design, a Fishman Kulu preamp and even a USB output for easy recording!
Pick up a set of Martin M240 80/20 bluegrass strings if you need versatile, all-around tone, consistent quality, and reduced string breakage.
Light up the stage and studio in style with the gorgeous Reaper 6 from Schecter. A stunning poplar burl top adorns the guitar's resonant swamp ash body.
Designed to deliver clear tone and enhanced strength to reduce breakage, La Bella 2001 hard tension classical strings are also made in the USA.
These classical strings from D'Addario offer excellent projection and articulation for classical players.
Inspired by the tremolo circuits of '60s Valco amps, the Valcoder recreates the wavering tremolo sound as well as the tube breakup of the vintage amplifiers.
An easy upgrade for your favorite guitar, these Grover 505 Series Rotomatic tuning machines feature a thumb screw on the back to lock strings in place.
Small, light, and portable with a soulful sound, the Alvarez Delta Delite Grand mini acoustic guitar is delight to play, and comes with a padded travel bag!
This pedal fuzzes up your tone and duplicates each note 2 octaves lower. You get to control the ouput of the mix and effect.
For comfort throughout a long set, look no further than this guitar strap made from 2 inch thick, soft cotton.
Increase your Bugera 1990 amp's versatility with this two-button footswitch. Use this pedal to switch between channels and to engage your reverb on the fly.
Need a guitar stand on the go? The compact Gator Standley stand clips on to your acoustic guitar and provides a stable platform wherever you set it down.
Want to learn a new instrument? What are uke waiting for? This eMedia pack includes a soprano ukulele, lesson DVD plus other essential accessories.
Unlock the full potential of your BX2000H with this 2-button footswitch. Depress the switches to remotely toggle your amplifier's FX Loop and Mute functions.
The Blues Bender is airtight for easier note bending, with a special cover and side vents to create greater volume by allowing more air between the reeds.
Get smooth, squeak-free string performance. Elixir Nanoweb 80/20 bronze mandolin strings keep their tone longer, so you can re-string less, and play more.
Produce some giant fuzz tones with the Mastotron silicon fuzz. Adjust the input impedance with the Relax/Push knob to fully control the tone of your fuzz.
If both your hands are busy playing guitar, how are you going to switch channels on your Mustang? With this Mustang amp footswitch by Fender, that's how.
These Elixir Nanoweb nickel-plated steel electric bass strings deliver a rich, rounded bass tone with increased clarity and a weighty mid-range presence.
A fun practice or travel guitar, the Alvarez LJ2 Little is a great-sounding mini acoustic-electric with hand-scalloped bracing and a solid spruce top.
Earning its UltraLight name at just eight grams, this G7th capo is incredibly easy to use, built to last, and fits in any guitarist's gig bag.
Own a D'Angelico DC guitar? This hardshell case is a perfect fit for all D'Angelico DC models from the Premier, Excel and Deluxe series!
Don't work on your bass without the tools! This D'Addario maintenance kit has all you need, like a multi-tool, string cutter, lubricant, and much more.
Hand-selected for quality, the Bugera 5AR4 is the perfect rectifier tube replacement. These lively valves are sure to add some sag to the feel of your amp.
Complete with distinctive pin-up girl art, this Levy's strap is made from a comfortable polyester and features leather ends for extended durability.
Keep your Bugera 112TS speaker cabinet safe and in pristine condition with this durable, custom-fit cover, made from a super-tough black nylon material.
The perfect marriage between an acoustic guitar and a banjo! This 5th-tuned Ibanez tenor will have novice and pro players alike exploring new tonal ground.
Permanently lubricated and perfectly slotted, this Graph Tech Tusq XL is the ideal replacement or upgrade nut for your favorite Gibson-style electric guitar.
Rockboard's TRES 3.1 is the perfect-sized pedalboard for guitarists who want to get experimental from time to time, with room for staple ODs and mod pedals.
Easy to attach to an acoustic guitar or Dobro, this Levy's 2" wide cotton strap provides a classic look for any gig with a comfortable feel.
Each NYXL nickel-wound string is made with a break-resistant, high-carbon steel core which allows you to bend your notes further without breaking a string.
Design thousands of custom modulation pedals with the Positive Grid Bias Modulation Pro Pedal and software, allowing for easy transition from studio to stage.
This spider-style resophonic guitar pickup is perfect for electrifying the unique and metallic sound of resonator or spider-style guitars.
Enable remote effect selection, reverb bypass and effect bypass for your Fender Acoustic Pro or SFX amp with this genuine replacement 2-button footswitch.
Loaded with dual TV Jones Classic Filter'Tron pickups, this G6134T58 harkens back to the original Penguin guitar, delivering the same harmonic richness.
Easily switch between a clean sound to an edgy distortion. This distortion pedal gives you tone controls for both channels.
Expand your tonal library by investing in this harmonica set, with three harps tuned to C, G, and A.
String-up your beloved classical guitar with this nylon string set. These strings offer rich bass tone with a smooth feel and superior tuning stability.
Made to provide bright tone that lasts, these LaBella nylon strings with silver-plated bass strings meet the needs of both classical and flamenco guitarists.
A sharp single-cut guitar for a great price, the Ibanez GART60F GiO's Classic Elite humbuckers rip and its flamed maple top is a showstopper.
Handle most common maintenance tasks on your guitar and bass with this handy multi-tool from D'Addario. It's built to last from heat-treated S2 steel.
Designed to control the mute and FX loop functions for Bugera BXD and Veyron amplifiers, this rugged FSB102B 2-button footswitch comes with a 15' cable.
Featuring superior build quality, a pair of custom humbuckers, a lively African mahogany body, and a roasted maple neck, this StingRay 6-string has it all.
Made by hand in Spain from top-quality materials, this Leathercraft guitar strap is completely one-of-a-kind due to its hand-engraved sugar skull artwork.
The RG421PB's mahogany body creates deep tones while the Quantum pickups produce a variety of textures with crisp treble for a full-bandwidth tonal assault.
These D'Addario EJ42 phosphor bronze Resophonic guitar strings offer players a warm, well-balanced acoustic tone, optimal resistance and comfortable feel.
Delivering superior projection, tone, and sensitivity to the touch, La Bella's Nylon 202 is a welcomed improvement to the world of classical guitars.
Accurately translate your favorite upright bass' enormous sound and nuanced complexities to any PA system with the professional Fishman Full Circle pickup.
Outfitted with discreet, transparent LR Baggs Anthem electronics, this Martin OM-28E takes the legendary orchestra model into modern times.
Optimized for piezo pickups, the PZDI direct box is perfect for DI'ing acoustic instruments. Engage the -15dB pad for louder sources like active basses.
Made specifically for guitar, the Mojotone Vintage Taper 250k CTS Solid pot features a 30% taper for a more versatile sweep than standard potentiometers.
Play comfortably for hours thanks to this Alvarez AGW77AR's flamed maple beveled armrest, beautifully contrasted against its bursted walnut top.
Made in Spain from engraved velvet, this Right On Jazz Cashmere strap fits comfortably on your shoulder thanks to 5mm of padding.
Make sure your pedalboard stays nice and tidy with this Junction Box. Two ins and outs make setting up your pedalboard at shows night after night a breeze.
Never fear of getting caught in a chord tangle when you carry Alfred's Guitar Chord Dictionary around. This handy guide makes finding chords a cinch.
Flip the "15/30" switch to control the headroom of the Wampler Thirty Something Overdrive pedal, and treat yourself to authentic '60s Class-A tube amp tones.
Take your playing to new highs (and lows) with the deep tone of the Ibanez GiO GRG7221M 7-string guitar -- its jumbo frets make solos and string bends easy.
Available in a variety of gauges, each of these 12 Fender picks is made of durable nylon with a gripped surface for your thumb.
Be the best-dressed guitarist at the gig with this Levy's leather strap -- complete with elegant piping, a handsome suede finish and stitched leather emblem.
Plug in and play with the natural sound of your acoustic guitar. This pickup maintains perfect string balance and provides full dynamic range.
A great amp needs a nice cover to keep it shiny and new when not in use. This cover is perfect for larger 1x15" combos and includes the iconic Supro logo.
Keep your Marshall amp safe and sound with this weather-resistant cover. It features the well-known Marshall logo in white.
Double your leather, double your fun! This Levy's strap features two different finishes in one strap, for a look that will get you noticed on stage.
Want deep, vintage tone from your Hofner short-scale bass? La Bella 760FHBB strings are designed with specific lengths and gauges for use on "Beatle" basses.
Created for guitarists who want to think for themselves when it comes to tone, The Seymour Duncan Sentient merges both modern and vintage pickup voicing.
Get noise-free vintage Strat tone without compromising true single-coil playing feel with this easily installed Mojotone 58 QuietCoil HSS loaded pickguard.
With a scratch-proof interior and waterproof exterior, this lightweight World Tour gig bag offers essential protection for your classical guitar.
The Radial PZ-Deluxe features a studio quality preamp, semi-parametric EQ, and a dynamic range wide enough to accommodate a variety of acoustic instruments.
Provide your electric guitar with the heavy-duty protection it deserves. This TKL Prestige case's outer shell is made of laminated hardwood for durability.
With a grand concert body shape and solid Sitka spruce top, the AC320 acoustic provides great player comfort as well as an enormous, well-projected range.
Set yourself apart from other guitarists with this leather strap with conchos and turquoise-colored beads.
This Schecter gig bag features heavy-duty padding to cushion your axe from bumps and scrapes, plus extra internal storage space for accessories.
Get a modern single coil sound with this Paul Gilbert pickup. It's great for technical playing and high speed soloing.
You've paid your dues and now it's time to step up to a professional instrument. Featuring an exquisitely figured maple top, this PRS is sure to impress.
With the versatile sound of the Alnico 2 magnet, the blues never sounded so sweet. The round, yet crisp tone assures every aspect of your sound is captured.
Treated with Martin's Cleartone coating, SP Lifespan strings repel oil and dirt, giving you the longest possible life and sustain without compromising tone.
Does your acoustic guitar's piezo pickup sound thin? Enliven it with the Boss AD-8 -- the pedal that models the sound of mics on the guitar's neck and body.
Get started playing! The Gigmaker Deluxe package includes a solid spruce-top Yamaha acoustic guitar, gig bag, digital tuner, strap, strings, picks, and DVD.
Pre-wired for easy installation, this EMG RA-5 pickguard features RetroActive single-coil pickups with Alnico 5 magnets for fluid, even, sparkly tone.
Sized for the mandolin, this trigger-style capo is easy to adjust and sturdy enough to stand up to even your hardest, fastest picking runs.
Designed to properly humidify your guitar long-term even when your guitar is not in a case, the Screeching Halt humidifier also works as a feedback reducer.
With an added soft silk wrap to the ball ends, these Martin Authentic Acoustic Silked strings will prevent wear and tear on your bridge and bridge plate.
Use this narrow, 2.3mm format acoustic guitar pickup as a direct replacement or enhancement for your Fishman Matrix Infinity pickup and preamp system.
Quickly prepare your favorite acoustic guitar for optimal stage use with the Seymour Duncan Woody HC pickup, mountable in soundholes from 3.85 to 4.10 inches.
Add stuttering effects to your playing with this solderless TKO kill switch from EMG, featuring a momentary on/off button for quick guitar playing tricks.
The power tubes behind Marshall's classic amps, these Svetlana Russian EL34 tubes give you the rich and creamy breakup that helped define the "British Tone."
Perfect for solo acoustic gigs, the Bugera AC60 is packed with features like a phantom-powered mic input and on-board effects to create a pro sound anywhere.
The Dunlop DSP250S Super Pot is the perfect volume or tone potentiometer for upgrading your guitar, thanks to its dust and corrosion-resistant design.
Stock up on AA batteries! This 40-pack of Ansmann Premium Alkaline AA batteries is meant for high-draw devices and comes at an unbeatable price.
Get more out of your favorite Peavey amps with this MIDI footswitch. The five switches conveniently unlock your amp's potential, depending on the model.
Protect your Swede in the plush-lined comfort and vintage style it deserves. This official Hagstrom case features reinforced seams and a form-fitting design.
Explore creative possibilities like never before with the SpiderCapo. It allows you to change tunings while playing, making this the perfect capo for any setting.
A glass diode, back-to-back stack circuit gives the Forza an even frequency range with an open voicing that's equally potent atop clean and dirty channels.
Bluegrass pluckers -- these Martin strings are for you! Made with high tensile strength core wire, they're designed to stand up to heavy use.
For restringing your baritone uke, try Martin M630 ukulele strings. Their fluorocarbon construction creates stable tuning with a clear and resonant tone.
No bluegrass band is complete without mandolin and every mandolin player needs a strap! This carving leather mandolin strap has a great look on stage.
Just clip the On-Stage GTA5000 tuner to your guitar, bass, ukulele, or mandolin, and tune up or set your BPM with the metronome function to stay on the beat.
With singing highs and clear, powerful lows, this 7-string active humbucker delivers a balanced and deceitfully strong attack.
Capture the sound of vintage rock with the Monkeyman. J. Rockett squeezed the tone of vintage tweed amps into this tiny pedal, and added spring reverb too!
This sound-hole pickup from Fishman allows for easy installation, removal, and connection to the mounting system.
A perfect starter mandolin, the Epiphone MM30S has a solid spruce top with mahogany back and sides, and a poplar composite fingerboard for easy action.
Music Nomad's total fretboard care kit includes fret polish and fretboard oil to help protect and care for your fretboard -- especially in dry weather.
Easily give active performance to your passive piezo pickup with this elongated endpin jack that features a built-in, miniature on-board Fishman preamp.
Make the Electro-Harmonix Operation Overlord your overdrive ally with three JFET gain stages for tube amp-style response and tone, plus an added boost mode.
J Rockett's take on the 1962 JTM 45, the .45 Caliber OD pedal provides brilliantly crunchy rhythm tone that is capable of face-melting drive when pushed.
Ideal for small body acoustics, the Fishman Prefix Pro Blend packs features similar to the Prefix Plus series into a compact bezel that's 1/3 the size.
Protect your Taylor GS Mini! The Gator GC-GSMINI Hard Case's heavy-duty construction and EPS foam padding is specifically designed to fit this guitar.
Get a fatter, louder tone out of any single-coil pickup, or coax high output from your humbuckers with this EMG SPC Active Strat Presence Control pot.
Made from super-tough black nylon and custom-fit to protect your Bugera G20 Infinium amplifier, this protective cover is a must-have for gigging musicians.
TV Jones' first PAF-style humbucker, the Starwood utilizes proprietary alloys and lightly wound coils for clear, articulate and punchy humbucker tone.
Supply power to a wide range of different pedal types with the MXR Mini Iso Brick power supply. Includes four 9V outputs and one switchable 9V/18V output.
Upgrade your acoustic's electronics to the Session VTC for a dramatic effect on your tone. A powerful EQ adjusts frequencies based on your dynamics.
With cores of aerospace-grade superalloy maraging steel, Ernie Ball M-Steel strings are optimized for higher output, wider frequency response and strength.
These Dunlop collector's picks may not make you play like Jimi Hendrix, but the six picks housed in a commemorative tin make a great gift for any guitarist!
Delivered in a black coffin case embossed with a golden Ozzy Osbourne logo, the German-made Hohner M666 harmonica exemplifies Ozzy's look, style, and sound.
Reinforce the natural sound of your banjo with the Fishman Rare Earth active banjo pickup's noiseless humbucking coil and specially designed preamp.
Play what the pros play! These D'Addario phosphor bronze medium-gauge mandolin strings give a tight playing tension and rich tone.
Keep your Behringer V-Amp, V-Amp 2, V-Amp 3, DFX69 or LX1B running by keeping it plugged into the PSU8UL power supply.
Taming your screaming-loud tube amp is easy with the JHS Little Black Amp Box. Put it on your board and plug it in to your series effects loop and enjoy.
Vegetable-tanned for high quality, sustainability, and low toxicity, Levy's M17T03 is the real deal -- a comfortable and durable tooled-leather strap.
Prevent dents, dings, scrapes, and other damage to your Roland GR33. This gig bag was made to keep your gear safe when not in use or when you're loading.
Designed with Joe Satriani in mind, this pickup combines the best qualities of the PAF Pro and the late '50s Gibson humbuckers.
With a full relic treatment, this Custom Shop '60s Relic Strat shows the natural wear and tear of years of use -- down to rusty hardware and aged parts.
Get brilliant sound for classical pieces by stringing your guitar with La Bella C750 Criterion strings. Their golden alloy bass strings deliver rich lows.
Dunlop Platinum 65 wax creates a protective barrier around your guitar that will keep it clean and shining through even your grimiest performances.
Eliminate your noisy pedal problem. This loop selector pedal allows you to noislessly insert 2 separate effects loops into your pedal chain.
Fit up to five standard-sized pedals on this compact On-Stage pedalboard, then stow it in the included gig bag on your way to the show!
Designed just for banjo, the-easy-to-use Dunlop 85BB Trigger has an ergonomic shape plus a padded handle to make changing its fret position easy.
Make sure the elements never get to your Bugera V2 Infinium amplifier. Protect it with this custom-fit slip cover, made from stylish, tough black nylon.
Keep your guitar close during performances by hanging it from this U-mount attachment. Its adjustable clamp fits securely to your microphone stand.
Designed to perfectly fit the T5z, this hardshell case features 3-ply wooden construction, foam-padded lining and a durable dark brown vinyl exterior.
Get two classic voicings out of one pickup. With a calibrated PAF mode as well as a hot-rodded, overwound mode, the Fluence Classic is versatile and simple.
With 3000ms of delay time, 1/4 note, 1/8 note, and 1/8 note triplet note division options, and 9 factory presets, the BIAS Delay Twin is a true workhorse.
Directly replace or modify the pickup component of your Fishman Matrix Infinity pickup and preamp system with this wide, 3.2mm format acoustic guitar pickup.
Keep your Epiphone parlor guitar safe-and-sound with this gorgeous-yet-sturdy case. Its plush interior keeps the guitar right in its place.
Perfect for smaller combo amps, the Auralex BabyGRAMMA v2 pad keeps your sound focused, retaining your low-end definition and removing unwanted resonance.
These pin-up adorned guitar picks offer sturdy playability and quality from Clayton.
Built by Schaller, these tuning machines are a great choice for smaller headstocks, 12-strings and other guitars.
Make pickup changes nice and easy with this solderless Strat wiring harness. A CRL 5-way selector feels smooth, and the oil tone caps offer a musical sound.
The proprietary Quantum-Nickel wrap of the Dr Strings Pure Blues will keep your top end crisp and defined, even as you thump on your 5-string's low B string.
Keep the elements away from your amp. The T50-PC is a cover that's made from highly durable black nylon material and custom-fit for Bugera T50 Infinium amps.
Install this replacement bridge, plug in via the included 1/4" jack, and turn up the sound of your mandolin for all to hear with the Fishman M100 pickup.
Fully customize your guitar with the DiMarzo EP1201L 500K long pot, perfect for adding knobs and controls to your guitar.
An exceptional entry-level chromatic harmonica, this Hohner has an ABS plastic body for stability, and its German construction promises perfect intonation.
Made of 2" wide soft-hand propylene, Levy's DM5 strap has a comfortable feel with a bold, lightning bolt design that screams rock 'n' roll.
The McCarty 597 seamlessly masters the sound of vintage humbuckers and single-coils thanks to its combination of 58/15 LT pickups and push/pull coil tapping.
When your ukulele needs to sound its best, only Martin strings will do. These premium strings offer enhanced intonation and project a clear, balanced tone.
Change the way you play. This Paddock wood pick from Clayton adds an earthy full tone, and it's deep-running grain ensures a robust, long-lasting pick.
Change your pick and change your tone. These handmade, zebra-striped picks add an element of bright, sharp attack to your playing.
Parlor guitars are great for picking up and playing, but the Alvarez Delta Delite has rich tone to boot thanks to its arched mahogany back and long scale.
Power your Radial or Tonebone pedal with this 15V DC power supply it needs to help you rock the stage.
You want people to pay attention to your guitar -- not what's holding it. This low-profile, adjustable A-frame stand is perfect for home or stage use.
On a quest for tone? Give the ResoMax NV2 Tune-o-Matic bridge a try on your axe and see what its String Saver saddles do for your tone and string life!
Designed with the alt-rock godfather and Dinosaur Jr. guitarist J Mascis, this signature Squier Jazzmaster delivers as much massive tone as its namesake.
Bend away and stay in tune after applying this tuning lubricant. Big Bends Nut Sauce prevents you from having to tune between each song and also prevents string breaks.
The EMG BTC is a stacked pot featuring a bass and treble equalizer, maximizing space on your instrument while giving wide control over your equalization.
Designed to incorporate two scale lengths on a single fingerboard, the Jackson SLAT7FF fan-fret electric improves playing comfort, tension, and intonation.
As a replacement or as part of a new guitar project, this potentiometer adds plenty of Gibson quality and tone to any guitar circuit.
Grab this Laney Mini Lionheart amp and go anywhere, then jam with virtually any tone thanks to the Tonebridge app and Laney LSI smartphone connectivity.
Made of soft garment leather with suede backing, Levy's MSS7G will help you appreciate how important a solid strap is for a comfortable playing experience.
Make sure your strap always stays attached to your guitar with Right On strap locks. This simple and effective design is both durable and easy to install.
With a design that evokes the desert across its solid spruce top, the Luna Sahara ukulele was made to inspire and take your playing to new places.
This 3-inch guitar strap is made from garment leather and features an easy tri-glide adjustment. Find the perfect length, then play comfortably for hours!
Get the same great tone of an EMG 81 active pickup with a stylish red cover. The powerful ceramic magnet creates a highly detailed tone with singing sustain.
Quickly change the key on any ukulele or mandolin with this clip-on capo. Its silicone padding protects the neck of your instrument from damage.
Put 20dB of variable gain boost straight into your guitar with the EMG AB Afterburner push/pull boost pot, perfect for adding a quick boost to your leads.
Using three pairs of asymmetrically-clipping diodes, the Pro Co SOLO pedal gives you the musically electric tones of an amp going into power tube distortion.
Choosing one favorite guitar is hard -- even impossible for some. The On-Stage Triple Guitar Stand lets you show off your top three in one non-slip stand.
Soup-up the sound of your favorite Tele with this drop-in wiring harness. Quickly and easily swap out pickups using the push-in solderless wire connections.
Ditch the bulky hard case but get the same protection by stowing your acoustic in the Powerpad 924 Ultra. Its padded bottom and sidewall absorb impact.
Got a booming jumbo-sized acoustic guitar? Capture its rich low end with the warm and full-sounding Dean Markley ProMag Grand XM acoustic pickup.
Tired of losing picks while playing guitar? The Clayton Leaf pick's unique design gives this wooden pick some extra grip.
Oil from your hands can wreak havoc on your instrument. Rub some Graph Tech Dry n' Glide talc on your hands to keep them nice and dry!
Add the Little Black Buffer to your chain to restore all the high-end detail, output and character that can be lost with big pedalboards and long cable runs.
With a 220k-ohm input impedance, a 48V phantom power supply, and a -15dB pad for louder sources, the SB-1 is a great-sounding and super-flexible DI box.
With high tensile strength core wire and tin plating for added corrosion resistance, these Martin Authentic strings will provide consistently true tone.
Built from sturdy birch wood, this Gator rack-style stand holds up to four of your prized guitars, cradling each with its plush-lined interior.
Make sure your guitar's moving parts are working smoothly with the Dunlop Superlube gel pen. Superlube gel is a thick lubricant that stays where you put it.
Don't get caught on stage with a dead battery again! Compatible with most batteries, this tester makes sure you have enough juice for the entire performance.
Get three convenient functions in one floor controller for your RH450. The RC4 comes equipped with a tuning indicator, mute switch and 3 preset footswitches.
Which strings work for you? Remove the guesswork and try out three of Ernie Ball's most popular string varieties. Get three different tones in one package!
Accommodate up to ten pedals with this Aclam Smart Track S2 pedalboard. Its modular design and available add-on accessories makes it easy to grow your rig.
Simple, soft, and supportive, the Dunlop D6901 guitar strap will help you hold your guitar or bass during practice or shows.
Engage the expression capabilities of your favorite pedals without hogging precious pedalboard real estate with this ultra compact expression pedal from DOD.
Use these corrosion-resistant, phosphor bronze strings to bring out a brighter, warmer, and more balanced tone from your acoustic guitar.
Including the subtle yet distinctive pitch modulation, dial in the warm tremolo usually found on vintage brownface combo amps with the Creme De La Trem.
Start your seven-string journey with the Ibanez GRG7221. Its two humbuckers, poplar body and pine fretboard produce thick tone ideal for playing metal.
Reverse-engineered from an original 1960 Filter'Tron pickup, these Mojotone Classic MojoTron pickups unlock all the same jangle, growl, bite and twang.
Built from reclaimed wood over 140 years old, the Washburn Timeless F5 mandolin features a European fir soundboard, a V-shaped neck and a hardshell case.
Add a touch of vintage psychedelia to your sound with the Micro Vibe, which recreates the vibrato heard on recordings by Jimi Hendrix and Stevie Ray Vaughan.
Get the ultimate protection for your favorite combo amp. This ATA-grade flight case from Odyssey features foam lining, recessed hardware and ball corners.
The SST Coupe combines the best of both solid and acoustic guitar features. When plugged in, the chambered mahogany body offers realistic acoustic tone.
Baritone acoustic guitar strings can be hard to find. D'Addario EXP23 strings feature EXP coating for smooth playing feel and extended life.
Keep your fretboard clean and new-looking with Music Nomad's F-ONE cleaner. Made with a blend of tree and seed oils, it's 100% safe for your guitar.
Wylde Audio guitars are so tough, they may not even need protecting -- but rest assured that your Odin, Odin Grail or Barbarian is safe in this WA-OB1 case.
With great string-to-string balance, and low noise, this acoustic guitar pickup is perfect for adding transparent amplification to your bag of tricks.
Equipped with a Floyd Rose FRT-O1000 recessed double-locking tremolo and R3 locking nut, the Pro Rhoads RR is a speedy axe that holds a tune no matter what.
This Jam Pack from Ibanez has everything the beginning guitarist needs. It features a small-bodied dreadnought acoustic, an electronic tuner, and more.
Start playing with this affordable and comfortable acoustic guitar. Package includes a tuner, strap, and other useful accessories.
Trust your guitar to the D&A Headlock. Its self-locking design instantly deploys a polycarbonate gate around your guitar's headstock when you hang it.
Expand your tone and let your guitar stand out in the mix with the EMG EXG, an active tone pot that boosts lows and highs while dipping your midrange.
The highest-gain member of Vox's headphone amp family, amPlug 2 Lead gives you stadium-sized tone in a tiny footprint, complete with on-board effects!
Need a rugged Tele case? The TKL Vectra Tele-style guitar case offers a Ridgidlite molded polymer exterior, thermal insulating and impact-absorbing padding.
Protect your soprano ukulele when you're not ukeing out -- stash it in this On-Stage gig bag, with a water repellent exterior and sturdy double stitching.
Quit the pedalboard tap dancing and streamline your setup with the Xenagama 3, featuring three independently switchable effects loops and four 9V power outs.
Quit relying on batteries to power your pedals. This power supply is designed for use with many of Korg's PX-models and Sound on Sound recorder.
This smaller, more rugged version of the Blue Note OD offers the same touch-sensitive overdrive as its predecessor in a compact, tour-friendly enclosure.
Shred with the best of them with this J Custom Ibanez. Premium components, like the AA-flamed maple top and DiMarzio PAF7 pickups, make this 7-stringer sing.
Thanks to its intuitive design, the G7th Newport Pressure Touch Capo evenly distributes pressure on the frets, eliminating intonation problems while capoed.
Always keep your bass set up the way you like it with this tech kit. It includes all the tools you need to make the necessary adjustments to keep your bass sounding perfect.
Get clear, transparent tone and dynamic string response with the easy-to-install Fishman Matrix Infinity acoustic guitar split pickup and preamp system.
Got string-squeak issues? Grab some Elixir Nanoweb 80/20 bass strings. An ultra-thin coating makes them play easier, sound good longer, and resist rust.
Compatible with most round-hole steel-string acoustic guitars, the DiMarzio Virtual Acoustic pickup translates your tone faithfully into an electric signal.
The Humireader makes it easier to keep your prized instrument in pristine condition by providing fast and accurate temperature and humidity readings.
Foam padding and soft garment-leather backing make Levy's MSS100 vegetable-tanned leather strap a shoulder-friendly and durable support for your guitar.
Made from soft, supple Italian leather, the Ernie Ball Tri-Glide Leather guitar strap looks and feels great!
Utilizing nickel-plated steel wrapped over a round core, these strings give you the well-loved Boomers tone, with an enhanced top end and fuller attack.
Make your guitar or bass shine with this care kit. D'Addario's polishes and conditioners keep your guitar's body, fretboard and hardware in top shape.
Get high gain levels, low output impedance and superior reliability and consistency with this classic 12AU7 premium dual triode preamp tube from Bugera.
With its electric guitar looks and dual single-coil pickups, this uke from Vorson is an instrument you'll love to play.
Produce the classic 5881 power tube tone with this quad set. With powerful lows and clear mids, these tubes are individually tested by Bugera for quality.
Harness Joe Satriani's signature sound for a fraction of the price. Infinity and Quantum pickups with a push/pull coil tap give you full-on tonal control.
Thankfully, DiMarzio's Air Norton pickup not only produces great tone and rich harmonics -- its magnetic structure improves sustain so those notes last.
Got places to be? Place your concert ukulele in this backpack-style gig bag. It has a sturdy, weatherproof nylon exterior.
Made for nylon-string guitars, the easy-to-use G7th Performance 2 capo is the perfect fit for your classical guitar.
Amplify your resonator acoustic battery-free with a Fishman passive resophonic guitar pickup. Fastens to the center of the cone of any resonator acoustic.
Upgrade your guitar with a genuine 4-bolt neck plate from Fender. This plate fits most Fender guitars and basses that have the Micro-Tilt neck adjustment.
Don't feel left out, southpaws -- this axe is ready to rock. The 4th Generation Noiseless pickups offer classic Strat tone with less of the annoying hum.
Transport your Paul Reed Smith guitar in style and safety! The PRS premium gig bag boasts reinforced padding for your guitar along with rubber-bottom feet.
Elevate your guitar tone! Boost the signal to the front end of your amp for sparkling overdrive and keep long cable runs quiet with the unity gain buffer.
Perfect for a nylon-string guitar or ukulele player, Levy's M20JN strap fits over your neck and clips to your instrument's soundhole for a no-fuss fit.
With musical tremolo and lush reverb that can be run independently or together, the J Rockett Audio Mr Moto is everything you wish your amp had built-in.
Reunion Blues packed their RBX Oxford with the essentials, like a padded neck cradle and endpin cushion, Zero G handle, and roomy front pouch.
Easily drop this wiring harness onto your Strat's pickguard for an instant upgrade. The push-in solderless wire connections make swapping pickups a breeze.
Built from maple and spruce, and finished in a stealthy black satin, the Moonbird Mandolin is great for any level of player and features "moon phase" inlays.
The Octopus 8-in-1 tool brings together a Phillips and flathead screwdriver, plus five hex screws all in one unit that can tighten anything on your guitar.
This Levy's strap is designed for young guitarists and ukulele players. Its 1.5" polypropylene strap is paired with a leather shoulder pad for added comfort.
The T-Rex Reptile 2 improves upon its predecessor with the addition of tap tempo and an enhanced "flutter" section, featuring a tone control for repeats.
Match your scorching solos with a scorching strap. This 2.5-inch garment leather strap features decorative flame stitching and suede backing.
With a "tooled leather" tolex covering and brass hardware, this 25-watt Acoustic Ambience guitar amp from Luna is a stylish companion for intimate gigs.
Mount the DiMarzio DP130 piezo pickup to any location on your acoustic guitar's top to pick up your instrument's natural balance of highs, mids and lows.
Keep you frets looking fine with Frine! Music Nomad's fret polish removes dirt and oxidation that builds up over time, restoring a shine to your frets.
With maple back and sides with spruce top, Luna's Moonbird A-style mandolin creates a bright, punchy tone. The moon phase inlays really set this mando apart.
This 6-button FSB106A footswitch is built like a tank with a rugged metal enclosure and 15' cable and will perfectly integrate with Bugera Trirec amplifiers.
This Levy's strap is made of padded garment leather for a supremely comfortable fit during longer gigs. It's adjustable up to 56" long.
Thanks to Levy's Pick Pocket key fob, you'll never leave the house without a stash of guitar picks. You never know when you'll need one.
Inspired by fuzz boxes from the '60s, the Scuzz Box has a range that goes from timid to insane. Choose between the dynamic Fuzz or intense Scuzz settings.
Don't let harmful dust and moisture get to your Bugera V55 Infinium amp. Protect it with this custom-fit, branded cover made from durable black nylon.
Add smooth sustain to your signal, or tastefully squash it even further with the Lemon Yellow Compressor. Simple controls make this pedal a breeze to use.
The Mosquite Blender Expressio allows you to blend in the right amount of wet signal from the pedal's FX loop. Use an expression pedal to blend on the fly.
This Levy's strap is made of genuine leather with praying hands embroidered on the front. Its 2.5" width makes for a comfortable feel on stage.
Treat your beloved instruments with the care they deserve. This plush cloth features 400,000 microfibers per square inch for gentle cleaning of any guitar.
Protect your classical guitar from the elements with the On-Stage GBC4550 gig bag. Removable padded backpack straps let you carry your guitar hands-free.
Upgrade your small combo amp! This 6-inch, 20-watt speaker features a hemp cone for bigger lows and tighter highs -- even it's loaded into a smaller cabinet.
Treat your guittar to the only the finest cleaning and polishing. The Platinum 65 formula includes montan wax for a mirror-like shine that's easy to achieve.
This is not the greatest pick in the world. This is just a (fully functional) tribute.
Covered in black tolex with white piping and a black plush interior, this PRS SB hardshell case is made to fit Silver Sky, DC3, NF3 and Brent Mason guitars.
This custom gig bag fits your D&A Starfish or Starfish Plus stand. It's handmade in Spain from premium materials and features a strap for easy carrying.
You can use the same strap John Petrucci uses with this DiMarzio DD3100 JP strap! Made of nylon seatbelt material, it's super-strong, smooth, and flexible.
This padded yoke, sized specifically for a violin neck, utilizes a bow holder and u-mount clamp that's perfect for attaching to any music or mic stand.
Play an 8-string acoustic baritone guitar? This pack of Elixir Nanoweb 80/20 bronze strings is for you, with Nanoweb coating to keep your tone clear longer.
Perfect for switching channels and reverb on your Bugera Vintage Series amplifier, the FSB102A is a heavy duty 2-button footswitch with LED indicator lights.
To keep your Fishman Loudbox Artist in prime condition, get this protective slip cover and protect your amplifier from dust, dirt, and damage.
Add 20dB of boost to your signal at the flip of a switch with this PA2 Preamp Boost toggle switch from EMG, perfect for driving the input of your amp.
Tin-plated for added corrosion resistance, these Martin Authentic Acoustic SP strings will keep your 12-string acoustic sounding its best for a long time.
Pick up a modern replacement for 7591 power tubes to make your amp sound like new again. A factory 24-hour burn-in period ensures great tone out of the box.
The Roland AC-90 offers great performance in any situation. With 2 8 inch speakers and Roland's famous clean tone, the Roland AC-90 is a great choice.
Make your banjo dreams come true with the MB100 from Epiphone. At an amazing low price, this is your ticket to finger-picking heaven.
Keep your Line 6 Spider IV HD 150 head protected when not in use with this fitted cover. It also has a pocket for cables, power cords and other accessories!
This custom D-18 -- designed by Martin and zZounds -- features an Adirondack spruce top, Madagascar rosewood binding and quilted mahogany back and sides.
Delve into the classical tradition with this Ibanez classical guitar. Its 3/4 scale size is perfect for students and its cedar top offers lively tone.
Get rich, full-bodied acoustic tones with the Gretsch G5022CE Rancher. This jumbo features Fishman electronics and a rosewood fingerboard.
Keep your guitar safe and secure while traveling, and look good doing it! This Transit Series case features a durable weather-resistant fabric exterior.
This set of standard 9 gauge strings are anything but standard. Help your guitar enjoy a longer string life and stay in tune better with the RPS technology.
Give your amp the protection it deserves with this Supro amp cover. Specifically designed to fit 1x10" combos, these covers will keep your amp looking new.
Hot-rod your favorite Stratocaster with this Full Contact Hardware 2-point fulcrum tremolo bridge for increased dynamic range, sustain and tuning stability.
Protect your guitar from the rigors of the road with this premium Pro Series gig bag from Levy's. 1-inch layered foam padding keeps your axe looking fresh.
Replace or upgrade your acoustic guitar's jack with this Fishman Endpin output jack. Wire this jack to work in either stereo or mono to best suit your style.
Love your D'Addario NYXL strings? Now you can have a high-quality, eco-leather guitar strap to go with them!
Built from sustainable Australian tonewoods like bunya and Queensland maple, this Cole Clark Angel 1 offers a look and sound as unique as its origins.
Treat your DigiTech effects pedal like you would treat the rest of your gear. Protect it from harm with this guardian of a gig bag.
Keep your multi effects pedal out of harms way with this gig bag. The outer shell is water-resistant and the inside features high density padding.
String-up your beloved pedal steel guitar with a set of Americana Series cryogenically treated strings, made in the USA and packed in GHS Fresh Pack foil.
Don't let your Spider V 60 get dinged and scratched between shows! Instead, store it in this custom-fit cover, and keep accessories in the rear pocket.
Transport your Viking in style inside this hardshell case from Hagstrom, made with high grade plywood and a form-fitting plush interior for extra protection.
Did you lose the power adapter to your favorite analog effects pedal? Juice up that Moogerfooger with this official 110v power supply unit from Moog.
These strings produce the full-bodied sound that every 12-string should have. The polyweb coating gives the strings a smooth surface, which makes for easy playing.
Need more power for your pedalboard? This Voodoo Lab Pedal Power X4 expander kit adds four additional isolated outputs to power your pedals.
Show off your guitar with the On-Stage GPA7155 guitar hanger. Its fully adjustable pole fits into any base with M20 threading, giving you many options!
For a gentle yet clear tone, the Martin Silk and Steel strings can't be beat. Install these Martin SP strings to maximize the playability of any acoustic.
Give your on-stage presence a bit of Southwest style with the Right On Mojo Azteca strap's vivid woven pattern, inspired by the ancient city of Tenochtitlan.
There's nothing like the classic look and feel of a polyester guitar strap.  This strap features a New Age Sun printed design, leather backing, and leather ends.
Your Sanpera II foot controller gets stomped on enough as it is -- protect it on the way to shows with this rugged gig bag!
Perfect for replacing the speakers on your smaller combo amp, the G10N from Celestion is a true "modern vintage" speaker that gives you a range of tones.
You're bad to the bone. Leather and studs shouldn't just be a staple in your wardrobe. Dress up your guitar with this premium black leather strap.
Get the best features of the Alter Ego X4 in a compact enclosure. TonePrint allows for endless signature and customizable delay and loop effects.
This super-comfortable leather banjo strap from Levy's features sheepskin backing at the shoulder and is adjustable from 44" to 60" long.
Take this tuner with you anywhere to never get caught flat on your feet. The tuner's 3D color-changing display is easy to read, even on the darkest stages.
Cut from veg-tan leather and lined with sheepskin backing, the Levy's PMB32 banjo strap will ensure that you're comfortable plucking the banjo for days.
Keep your bandmates close and your picks closer. This pick and slide holder clips on to a mic stand and securely grips your picks for easy access.
The Black Belt 4600 Series banjo bag features TKL's CushionSoft 12mm foam-padded plush interior and a water-repellent exterior that makes travel hassle-free.
Hold up to 6 guitars with this Gator 6-guitar folding stand! Gator uses birch wood construction and a compact rack style to hold and protect your guitars.
Protect your Bugera V55HD head in style with this custom-fit cover. Made from super-tough black nylon, this cover will shield your amp from the elements.
La Bella Vivace classical guitar strings offer exceptional modern tone thanks to carbon trebles and dynamically balanced basses.
Need to tighten or loosen the bracket nuts on your Goodtime banjo? Make sure you use the proper equipment. The TW932 T-wrench from Deering gets the job done.
Better buckle up, buckaroo! Levy's M8HR polyester strap has real leather ends plus a seatbelt-style buckle release for comfortable playing and a strong hold.
Give your guitar the care and protection it deserves with a set of lockable strap buttons. Fit them onto almost any strap to keep your guitar accident-free.
Get creative with tunings! Choose which strings are capoed and which aren't when you attach this capo to your 5-string or 6-string bass, or 8-string guitar.
Designed to emulate the sound of a dimed JTM45 non-master-volume amp, the Box of Rock produces extremely high-headroom distortion for an amp-like sound.
Based on the Distortron Engine in the Box of Rock, the Vexter Distortion features a high and low gain mode, as well as your choice of 3 low-end Sub settings.
Bring the sound of a '59 tweed Bassman amp to your rig with this amp-in-a-box design from ZVEX. A separate post-overdrive boost makes your leads come alive.
Perfectly complement your THR amp with this impressive 2x12" speaker cab. Mismatched Eminence Legend1218 and The Tonker 12" speakers provide balanced tone.
Bring out all the best qualities of your THR amp head with this 1x12" speaker cab. The single Eminence Legend1218 speaker easily handles up to 150 watts.
Lightweight, but heavy on features, the single-channel THR100H head is perfect for all kinds of players. Choose from 5 different amp types to nail any tone.
The smaller concert-sized AC1R features a rosewood back and sides, a solid Sitka spruce top, and the SRT pickup system for a fantastic sound in any venue.
Designed with the touring guitarist in mind, this acoustic-electric from Yamaha is made for the stage. The SRT pickup system will sound great in any venue.
This World Tour gig bag is designed to keep your Boss effect procesor out of harms way, whether you're loading in or out or just storing.
Carry your Line 6 POD HD in style with this padded gig bag. The perfect size for the POD HD, this zippered bag includes rubber feet and a shoulder strap.
Give the audience a blast from the past with this compressor pedal, which delivers the same percussive attack and rich sustain heard on so many classic recordings.
Silently switch between mic outputs with this fully-programmable footswitch, providing two signal paths with independent muting for noise-free operation.
With a single knob that goes to eleven, and up to 26 dB of volume boost, The Bomb from Whirlwind can help add the horsepower you need to get the job done.
Does the smooth fabric of space-time annoy you? Tear it asunder with the Way Huge Conquistador Fuzzstortion, a planet-melting device of audio destruction.
On the brighter-sounding end of Washburn's Woodline series, the Orchestra acoustic is all-solid, with a balanced tone that's great for picking or strumming.
Cozy up to this Washburn! Its rosewood armrest prevents arm fatigue and its under-saddle Fishman Sonitone electronics perfectly translate your tone.
Built from reclaimed wood over 140 years old, the Washburn Timeless A5 mandolin features a European fir top, a C-shape neck, and an included hardshell case.
This is not your average ukulele. With its gorgeous quilted maple top and single-coil pickups, this uke looks and plays like a mini electric guitar.
This Voodoo Lab Dingbat pedalboard includes a PX-8 pedal switching system with 8 loops, letting you program your own effects presets right on your board!
With 1" thick padding throughout the interior, plus a rubber base and rigid exterior, this Ultimate Support Hybrid gig bag will protect your investment.
Ultimate Support's GSP-500 pedalboard has a slatted construction for easy wiring, universal power supply mounts and cable management clips.
Keep your tones gnarly and your board clean! Ultimate Support's GSP-300 pedal board has built-in cable management to keep cables tidy.
Expand the headroom of your amp and get the extra punchy attack and open, airy tone of these NOS preamp tubes from Tung-Sol.
With Fat Boost and Low Boost switches, the T-Rex Vulture makes it easy to add thump or thicken up the wickedly distorted sounds you create on it.
Essentially 3 pedals in 1, this wah may be the last one you buy. Select between two distinct wah voicings or get talkbox-like tones from the Yoy Yoy setting.
Blend octave-up, octave-down, and fifth-up notes into your signal to create unreal tones. Use the mix knob to adjust the wet and dry signals to your liking.
The T-Rex Nitros High-Gain Distortion incorporates an active 3-band EQ, giving full control over the shape of your sound -- from djent to '80s hair metal.
With a compression ratio of up to 9:1, the T-Rex NeoComp provides studio-quality compression for guitar, bass or vocals from the comfort of your pedalboard.
Remain the rockstar you are with this versatile overdrive pedal. Use the mix control to dial in just enough of the wet effect to preserve your original tone.
Pair these tuners up with a Tronical backplate for unsurpassed tuning capability. These tuners employ a large 40:1 gear ratio for increased tuning accuracy.
Your guitar deserves TKL protection. The Vectra universal case provides lightweight, yet heavy-duty, protection thanks to a durable Rigidlite outer shell.
Conserve precious trunk space with this double electric guitar soft case. A cushioned plush interior keeps your axes scratch-free to preserve their beauty.
Designed for single cutaway style acoustic guitars, the TKL Zero-Gravity gig bag is wood-reinforced, molded with a Tough-Core and a T-Cord rugged exterior.
From subtle swells, to full-on Leslie sounds, to a huge-sounding Tri-Chorus -- TC Electronic condensed all of it and more into this tiny Corona Mini Chorus.
Bring just one guitar to the gig. Taylor hot-rodded this semi-hollowbody with three pickups to create you the ultimate hybrid electric-acoustic instrument.
Comprised of premium Hawaiian koa, this 12-string Taylor K66ce will provide classic chime that's balanced by the deep, warm, slow-blooming overtones of koa.
Get bright, focused tone that blossoms over time with this Hawaiian koa Taylor K26ce, featuring all-koa construction for natural depth and warm overtones.
Pick up a 914ceV to hear the difference V-Class bracing makes. The guitar's Sitka spruce top produces a crispy sound with enhanced sustain and projection.
Supremely playable and responsive with protein-glue bracing and a hand-carved armrest, the 912ce 12-Fret practically curls up in your lap and starts purring.
With its superior balance, clarity, and sustain, this acoustic-electric guitar is great for those who dabble in intimate performances and home recording.
Get a classy case for a gorgeous instrument. This elegant case with plush interior fits your Taylor Grand Concert guitar like a glove.
Got a Taylor Grand Symphony acoustic? Get it a nice case! With a velvet interior and gold latches, this case helps you and your Taylor travel in style.
Protect your investment with this 3-ply poplar and luan constructed hardshell case, covered in textured brown vinyl and lined with burgundy crushed velvet.
You can't keep your Taylor Grand Orchestra guitar in any old case. This luxurious case keeps it classy with its plush velvet interior and gold hardware.
You want only the best for your Taylor. With its plush velvet interior, and fancy gold latches, this guitar case puts the 'luxe' in deluxe!
Immerse yourself in the full-bodied sound that only Sitka spruce and Indian rosewood can produce. A Florentine cutaway adds flair to your stage presence.
With its ergonomic radius armrest, 24 7/8" scale length, and smaller Grand Concert body shape, the Taylor 812ce 12-Fret Deluxe feels great in your arms.
This Taylor 756ce Grand Symphony 12-string produces rich, detailed and balanced tone thanks to rosewood's sweeping range and natural overtone sparkle.
An Indian rosewood back and sides with Sitka spruce top endow this gorgeous guitar with rich, nuanced tones to accommodate a range of players and styles.
Take your finger-picking to the next level. This deep Grand Auditorium creates rich tones that add definition to each individual note you pick.
The 12-fret Taylor 712ce is a fingerstyle player's dream, thanks to its small Grand Concert body with Venetian cutaway and comfortable 24-7/8" scale length.
With a Lutz spruce top, performance bracing and protein glues, this Taylor 710e is delivers robust projection and focus -- perfect for singer-songwriters.
The stunning maple back and sides really make this 12-string guitar sing! The hard rock maple neck adds strength and promotes the guitar's natural resonance.
The short scale and small body of the 552ce make this one comfortable 12-string acoustic guitar. The ES2 electronics will ensure you sound good at any venue.
Hear the difference cedar makes in the Taylor 514ce's rich, blooming overtones. Play across its ebony fretboard with ease thanks to its Venetian cutaway.
With its warm red cedar top, this guitar is perfect for fingerpickers and songwriters. It features Taylor Expression System electronics with onboard tone controls.
Strum vibrant-sounding chords on the Taylor 512ce. This guitar's comfortable Grand Concert shape with cutaway makes it easy to play for just about any style.
Strummers and flatpickers will love how the 12-string Taylor 456ce's Grand Symphony shape helps deliver rich, powerful tones that are ultra-responsive.
Loaded with high-end performance appeal, this Taylor 414ce Deluxe Grand Auditorium features beautifully layered koa back and sides and a Sitka spruce top.
Add stylish suede to your on-stage outfit! This Takamine suede strap is designed to be comfortable right off the bat, and it only gets better with each gig.
The Takamine GD20CE dreadnought features a cutaway for easy upper-fret access, plus a TP-4TD preamp system for pristine electric tone when plugged in.
By pairing a Lutz spruce top with a solid Indian rosewood back and sides, then adding TLD2 electronics, this limited Takamine produces a huge dynamic range.
Add a splash of the tropics to your sound and performance. The EF407's Hawaiian koa top, back, and sides offer a distinct tone that only improves with age.
Featuring a thermal solid spruce top with an aged look, the Takamine EF360STT's vintage tone is translated clearly by Takamine's unique Palathetic pickup.
Svetlana 6550C power amp tubes are made in Russia and evoke the sound of classic Russian tubes.
Enjoy a range of superb sounds from the White Holiday. Along with a Vistatone pickup, this guitar also includes a piezo pickup that can be blended to taste.
Easily control your tremolo-equipped Supro Dual-Tone, Coronado or Black Magick amplifier with this genuine, solid metal Supro SF1 tremolo footswitch.
Thick cleans, complex overdrive, and lush tremolo define this 25-watt beast. Uncommon 6973 power tubes lend the 1624T its distinctive and desirable sound.
Compaitible with any model or brand of effect that features a TRS-based expression unit, this pedal goes further with TWO TRS outputs to operate two units.
Get the padded protection of a hardshell case with the portability of a gig bag. It features a molded EPS interior with plush lining.
Fit up to eight standard-sized pedals on this powered pedalboard from SKB, featuring built-in 9V DC jacks, an external 500mA transformer and a padded case.
This hybrid pickup includes different gauged wires wound in different directions for fat tones with lots of harmonics.
Install this pickup into your 7-string guitar for aggressive, beefy tone. The alnico 5 magnet produces high output while the low end stays focused and tight.
Custom-tuned for output, power and aggression, these Signature Blackouts are well-equipped to handle the high-speed riffing of shred virtuoso Jeff Loomis.
La Super Rica lets you cook up your fuzz just how you like it -- set the mid frequency and boost or cut it, then switch between, fat, flat or lean low-end.
There are boost pedals, and then there's the Killing Floor. Add up to a whopping 34dB to your signal and cut or boost highs for your ideal lead tone.
With this pickup, you get the natural sound of your acoustic guitar, only louder. It uses a stack hum-canceling design and is resistant to feedback.
Inject some fury into your playing with the Synyster Custom. Made for metal, this axe features a Floyd Rose 1500 tremolo and Syn's own signature humbuckers.
The mahogany body, set-neck design and V-90 pickups give the Schecter Solo II Special a smooth and mellow P-90-like tone and a ton of rock 'n' roll style.
Immerse yourself in retro tone and looks with this Schecter Solo 6B thanks to its Bigsby B-50 vibrato, TonePros roller bridge and Alnico foil humbuckers.
You deserve an axe that's ready to handle anything. Featuring a Floyd Rose 1500 bridge and Diamond Decimator pickups, the Reaper 6FR is ready for it all.
Double the guitars, double the rock! Store two standard-sized electric guitars in this Schecter Pro Double gig bag and rock your next show twice as hard.
A great fit for your Schecter -- or other standard-sized acoustic guitar -- this bag offers ultra-thick padding around the sides and lots of extra storage.
Hot-rodded with Tesla FilterTrons, a Bigsby B70 tailpiece, and stable Grover open-back tuners, the Schecter Coupe makes a beautiful, tonally rich hollowbody.
Feel the low end with the Schecter C1 Koa electric guitar -- its mahogany body, koa top, and San Andreas pickups create a bass-heavy and resonant tone.
Lightweight with a durable stained-satin finish and stainless steel frets, the Schecter C1FR Apocalypse is built to take abuse and come back for more.
Bask in the tone only a trio of single-coil pickups can deliver. The Cutlass sports dynamic alnico pickups and a vintage tremolo sure to please any purist.
Breathe life into your classical guitar with this low-tension 520B Traditional string set from Savarez, made in France and stored in oxidation-free packaging.
Loaded with Railhammer Chisel pickups, the Volcano RA brings classic styling and modern features to the table in one visually and sonically striking package.
Built for The Sword's Kyle Shutt, this sealed semi-hollowbody bucks the standard f-hole to eliminate feedback and features an asymmetrical center block.
An all-business performance axe inspired by the aggressive playing of The Shade Man himself, Reverend's Shade Balderose Signature is a mean riffing machine.
Whoa! The Airsonic HB unites the attack/sustain of a solid body with the rich tone of a semi-hollow -- it's a huge-sounding, articulate guitar like no other.
Stay comfortable and keep your guitar secure with the Jazz Graham strap from Right On! This strap features high-quality leather construction for durability.
Change amp channels with this advanced MIDI foot controller, which features 2 assignable expression pedals, 2 control pedals, and 9 footswitches.
Plug the signature rich, creamy blues and fusion lead tones of Robben Ford into your Blues Cube in a matter of seconds with this signature Tone Capsule.
A perfect pairing with the Blues Cube Tour head, this open-back 4x10 cabinet offers a classic combo amp speaker configuration with reduced size and weight.
Classical guitars are some of the most damage-susceptible instruments. Protect yours inside this Reunion Blues RBX Oxford classical gig bag!
Don't sing the blues of a damaged acoustic guitar -- keep yours protected inside this sleek, padded Reunion Blues Oxford gig bag!
Reunion Blues' RBX-LP gig bag protects your LP-style guitar with a raised neck cradle to help prevent headstock breaks, plus thick padding throughout.
Don't let your small body guitar drown in a bag that's too big for it. This gig bag from Reunion Blues will fit your guitar just right.
This double electric guitar case features a rugged and water-resistant exterior and RBX interior padding to safely transport two guitars from gig to gig.
The RockTuner PT2 is a durable, metal-housed tuner that earns its place on your pedalboard with its accuracy and flexible output options.
Completely customize the the connections of your pedalboard! The RockBoard MOD 1 makes it easy to route all your cables, integrate MIDI or USB and much more.
The RockBoard Quad 4.1 features a more vertical orientation, great for big pedals. The included flight case gives you peace of mind while traveling.
This RockBoard QUAD 4.1 pedalboard has all you need -- plenty of space, a power supply slot, included velcro tape, and a gig bag to take it on the road.
The TRES 3.1 provides plenty of space for guitarists who want to expand beyond the pedal basics, with a power supply slot and gig bag included.
Pair your favorite Randall amplifier head with the Diavlo speaker cab. This heavy-duty cab features a 12" Celestion Vintage 30 for pure modern guitar tone.
Kill annoying noise in your high-gain rig with the BLOQ. Switch the input sensitivity to use the pedal in your amp's front end or through the effects loop.
Explore six channels of gain greatness with this highly-tweakable, 120-watt tube monster. The Randall 667 sports independent gain and volume for each channel.
Give your amp 2 more tube-driven channels! With a real 12AX7 tube, this pedal offers true bypass, extensive EQ, a built-in FX loop and rhythm and lead modes.
Plug your guitar into the Send box; plug your amp into the Receiver box. Then connect them with an XLR cable up to 300 feet, without any loss in quality.
With its high 10 meg-ohm input impedance and wide frequency response, the SB-4 reduces the harsh bite that unbridled piezo pickups can produce with a DI box.
Have a long chain of effects? Slap the Radial SB-15 Tailbone buffer at the end of your chain and get rid of unwanted noise and signal interference.
To its loyal subjects Radial doth bequeath the Tonebone Regency, hereby decreed to henceforth represent the utmost in pre-drive boosting for high-gain amps.
A good clean tone is nice, but sometimes you gotta put a little meat on them bones. Add some sizzle to your steak with the Radial North-Star Clean OD pedal.
Perfect for guitar, bass or keyboard, the Mix-Blender mixes two instruments or effects together, then processes the combined signal through an effects loop.
Stomp on the Tonebone Classic V9 for some seriously smooth and dynamic overdrive. Choose from three different gain ranges to precisely dial in your tone.
Connect up to four instruments to the same amp with the Bumper. Simply plug in each instrument to the pedal and use the footswitch to toggle between them.
Give your onstage signal some oomph with the Radial ToneBone AC Driver pedal -- a powerful preamp with tone controls that are optimized for acoustic pickups.
Delivering crisp tones to lap steel guitarists, the powerful Steelaire Pro packs a powerful 200 watts into two channels that can accommodate two instruments.
Get outta the kitchen if you can't stand the Heat Blaster HBL-4's scorchingly modern distortion, sky-high headroom, and bomb-shelter-like build quality!
Add some style and class to your stage game with a gorgeous McCarty 594. This semi-hollow model features a stunning flamed maple top and 58/15 LT pickups.
Achieve the sound of blisteringly loud overdriven tube amps with the Red Rock. Beef up your sound with the Fat switch, perfect for guitars with single-coils.
Get all the highly customizable modulation DSP horsepower you expect from Positive Grid in a pedalboard-friendly format with the BIAS Modulation Twin.
Use the BIAS Distortion Twin's 9 presets to simulate tube, germanium, silicon, JFET and MOSFET clipping diodes, or blend them together for new, unique sounds.
Quickly and easily select presets from thousands of highly-customizable delays and connect via Bluetooth or USB to your BIAS Pedal iOS or desktop software.
Light and compact, this amp is perfect for rehearsals with guitar, vocals, and even line-level devices. It features a headphone output for silent rehearsing.
Transport your Peavey Mini head or a range of accessories with this convenient, zippered carry bag -- complete with a carrying handle and shoulder strap.
Molded to fit your Peavey guitar, this hard case is constructed with strong, ABS plastic and metal hardware.
Built to fit the Pedaltrain Metro 24 like a glove, this professional tour case features lockable latches, aluminum extrusions and a rubberized foam interior.
This PRS McCarty 594 Singlecut features a gorgeous flame maple top and custom 58/15 pickups  for a look and sound that evokes a golden era in guitar design.
Built of solid pine using fingerjoint construction and housing two Celestion G12-65 Heritage speakers, the PRS J-Mod cab was made to John Mayer's specs.
Fly high and dive down low with this slick PRS SE Custom 24 equipped with a Floyd Rose tremolo. A pair of 85/15 "S" humbuckers produce a thick, clear sound.
PRS introduces a premier guitar for the "left" of us -- the CU24 10 Top left-handed electric features a striking figured-maple top and smooth 85/15 pickups.
As the OG PRS model, the Custom 24 is the reliable workhorse that has your back on stage. Dual 85/15 humbuckers bring fatness and clarity to your sound.
Admire the craftsmanship that goes into the thin mahogany neck and body of this Paul Reed Smith 10-Top electric guitar.
A rich, deep tone emanates from the PRS CU22 thanks to mahogany neck and body construction. 5-way pickup switching enables single-coil and humbucker tones.
Featuring a PRS-patented Gen III tremolo, 85/15 humbuckers and a pattern neck profile, this Custom 22 delivers the quintessential Paul Reed Smith sound.
From crystalline cleans to crunchy high-gain tones, the two-channel PRS Archon will give you that rich and powerful 6L6 tube sound you've dreamed about.
A great studio amp with selectable 25-watt or 50-watt power, the all-tube PRS Archon 50 combo features presence and depth controls for fine-tuning your tone.
Beautifully crafted with a flame maple "10-Top" and Seymour Duncan soapbar pickups, the PRS McCarty 594 Soapbar electric delivers tonally and aesthetically.
One of the most versatile guitars in the core PRS lineup, the PRS 509 features a 5 single-coil pickup platform with outside coils grouped as humbuckers.
Perfect for pedal purists, the Rockerverb MkIII combo features an FX loop buffered by a single 12AT7/ECC81 tube, and offers full and half power options.
If you love the sounds of '70s hard rock, the Fluorescent Orange is the pedal for you. Capturing the tone of classic Orange amps, this pedal can get raw.
Get everything you need to clean and maintain your violin. This kit comes with rosin, shoulder rest, polishing cloths, polish, and fingerboard markers.
Get everything you need to clean and polish your viola -- all in one kit. The Viola Super Saver Kit will be your instrument's lifesaver!
Hang your guitar where you can reach it best -- on the back of your chair! This guitar hanger attaches to the back of your DT8500 guitar throne.
Made of sturdy nylon and padded with a foam interior, the On-Stage GBC4770 Deluxe guitar bag will keep your classical guitar safe during travels.
Make sure your cello is in tip-top shape with this Super Saver Kit. Give your favorite string instrument a shiny finish with the included Magic Touch polish.
Whether you have an electric or acoustic, a guitar or bass, or a matte or gloss finish, the Music Nomad Guitar Detailer cleans and refreshes any instrument.
Change your strings like a king with this kit from Music Nomad! It includes a string winder, cutter, nut lubricant, neck cradle and the Octopus 8 in 1 tool.
Give your guitar the care it deserves with the Music Nomad premium guitar care kit. It comes with all-in-one polish/cleaner and 100% natural fretboard oil.
Pick up a Valentine model to produce slick tones and solid grooves, just like the Maroon 5 guitarist. Add heft to your leads with the on-board gain boost.
Signed by Steve Morse and limited to 69 pieces worldwide, this signature Ball Family Reserve Y2D features a bound roasted maple neck and DiMarzio pickups.
A lively, responsive guitar with a broad tonal palette, the Ernie Ball Music Man BFR Steve Morse HH is a true collectible, with only 35 available worldwide.
With dual DiMarzio Illuminator humbuckers and a piezo bridge pickup, the gorgeous Majesty is an incredibly versatile guitar with tons of tonal possibilities.
Steve Lukather's signature Luke 3HH is dressed in a stunning figured maple top and set with DiMarzio Transitions humbuckers and 12dB boost for some bite.
Take this axe for a spin and you're sure to put the pedal to the metal. A quilted maple top is beautifully accentuated by the stylish light purple finish.
With gold hardware and a bound rosewood fingerboard with white pearl block inlays, this Valentine is one Ball Family Reserve model you won't want to miss!
Expand on the already amazing Marshall tone with this all-valve Marshall half-stack. You get a slew of accessible tones.
Access a ton of all-valve tones like never before with this Marshall half-stack. Using the 4 x ECC83 pre-amp stage, you get a vast repertoire of overdrives.
Access a wide variety of tones with this multi-channel, multi-mode amplifier by using the front panel switches or the optional footswitch.
You don't have to be a John Mayer fan to love this Martin's exquisite craftsmanship. The OMJM acoustic-electric's Spanish cedar neck is carved for comfort.
Limited to just 100 pieces, this ornate model features intricate pearl inlay work and beautiful German white oak, Adirondack spruce and Guatemalan rosewood.
This stunning Martin recreates the classic orchestra models of yesteryear with the added versatility of a Fishman Aura A1 electronic system.
With a torrefied Sitka spruce top providing an aged look, plus hide glue construction and authentic top bracing, this OM-28 is faithful to the 1931 original.
Give your most precious guitars the treatment they deserve. Martin Marquis strings feature a silk wrap near the ball end to protect your bridge from wear.
Your 12-string acoustic has never sounded this good. These phosphor bronze Martin SPs offer a complex, mellow tone that will sound great in any situation.
Make sure your acoustic guitar gets all the pampering it deserves. These silk and steel strings have a very soft feel and create a distinctively mellow tone.
Keep dirt and finger grease from prematurely deadening your strings with Lifespan 2.0. These Martin strings make sure you always sound crisp and bright.
Black walnut construction gives this Martin GPCE guitar rich, warm color, clear high-end and balanced bass tone for a versatile, well-rounded overall sound.
With its comfortable Performing Artist neck taper and Fishman Aura VT Enhance electronics, the Martin GPC-18E is a great guitar for singer-songwriters.
A full-figured dreadnought with spruce and sapele construction for a crisp yet warm tone profile, the Martin DST 6-string acoustic speaks clearly and loudly.
A 2-way titanium truss rod, carbon fiber and titanium tuning gears, and Liquidmetal pins combine to make this Martin DSS-2018 Show Special ultra lightweight.
Even lefties can enjoy the comfortably-sized, easy-to-play Martin DRJ2. This model brings robust, booming tone in a size that fits players of all ages.
Jason Isbell's signature D18 recalls Martin's Golden Era models with its hide glue construction and aged Adirondack spruce top.
Get premium tone out of your acoustic with this Martin pickup system. Install the volume and tone controls inside the soundhole for ergonomic adjusting.
Easily add a premium pickup to your favorite acoustic. Ergonomic soundhole-mountable volume and tone controls make you feel like it's always been there.
A paragon of playability, the Martin 018 parlor acoustic has a short 24.9" scale for a comfortable feel, and scalloped X-bracing for warm, singing resonance.
East Indian rosewood back and sides help to bring out the low end on this Martin 00-28, making for a surprisingly full sound from a small-bodied guitar.
Sitka spruce and mahogany create a familiar foundation for this classically designed grand concert model, topped off with an ebony fingerboard and bridge.
Vintage charm, rich tone, and solid mahogany construction make the Martin 000-15M a classically-inspired choice for left-handed guitarists.
This mini version of the Morley Volume Plus puts features like a footswitchable minimum volume threshold into a compact, pedalboard-friendly enclosure.
Using a Moogerfooger effects pedal in Europe, or anywhere else with 220v power? Use this official Moog power supply unit for safe and reliable operation.
Help ensure your ukulele sounds sweet for years to come by zipping it up in this tenor-sized Mono M80 ukulele case!
Don't risk your ukulele getting damaged in a skimpy case. This Mono M80 case offers plenty of padding, plus ample room for accessories.
Protect your prized acoustic guitar in this Mono Sleeve gig bag. Its interior Headlock feature cradles your guitar's neck to prevent damage.
Made to fit OM and classical style bodies, the Mono M80 also holds plenty of accessories within its roomy two front pouches.
With a number of wiring options and the smoothest taper and tightest tolerance possible, this Mojotone 500k is the perfect pot for modding your guitar.
Custom-tapered for a smoother volume or tone control, this Mojotone 250k CTS Short Shaft Push-Pull potentiometer will give you a beautifully versatile sweep.
Developed with Dustie Waring, guitarist of Between The Buried And Me, these Mojotone DW Tomahawk humbuckers use a custom blend of ceramic and alnico magnets.
Feel equally comfortable on the couch and on the stage with the Martin OM018E Orchestra acoustic. A Plek-finished 14-fret neck ensures smooth playability.
Even out the sound of your 12-string acoustic with this set of Darcos. The phosphor bronze alloy produces a mellower tone that sounds great on any guitar.
Outfitted with an emulated headphone output, the Marshall MG101GFX makes for the perfect bedroom amp, but with 100W of power, it's at at home on any stage.
With artwork inspired by traditional Pacific carvings and a unique pineapple shape, Luna's Tribal Pineapple ukulele has a tone that's sweet as island fruit.
Taking cues from Hawaiian culture and traditional tattoo designs, this unique pineapple-shaped ukulele from Luna gives you authentic looks and sound.
All you need is love, and peace...and a ukulele! This Luna uke sports groovy '60s-inspired graphics at a price even the grungiest hippie can afford.
Strum some peaceful tunes on your Luna Maluhia ukulele. Its all-mahogany body projects warm tone and its walnut fretboard is a joy to play on.
Smooth as a moonlit stroll on the beach, this Luna Crescent ukulele features a crescent moon soundhole carved into its figured olive ash body.
Perfect for guitarists who love the sound of a banjo, this six-stringer is tuned like a guitar and features a Celtic graphic on the resonator for extra mojo.
Made with an all-solid-wood body for optimum tone and resonance, the Luna Art Recorder Concert acoustic is great for beginners or just some casual strumming.
Sabbath tone that fits in your gig bag. This Mini Supergroup features two channels, a 3" driver and Tonebridge app connectivity to thousands of bonus tones.
Loaded with a pair of iconic Celestion G12M Greenback speakers, this Laney LA212 50-watt 2x12 cab features an angled baffle and is hand-built in the UK.
The Laney LA100BL is a faithful, hand-built, point-to-point wired reissue of the original amp used by Tony Iommi at the beginning of Black Sabbath's career.
Clearly project some monstrous low end with this formidable 4x12. Featuring four Celestion Vintage 30s, this cabinet can be used in mono or stereo formats.
Get 50 watts of roaring British tube tone from this EL34-equipped 212 combo, loaded with Celestion Vintage 30 drivers and ECC83 preamp tubes for added drive.
Plug and play anything, and take the show anywhere thanks to the versatile input options of the battery-powered Laney Audiohub AH-FREESTYLE combo.
Make sure your acoustic performance is heard with the Laney AH150 Audiohub combo, featuring five channels, on-board digital delay, and 150 watts of power.
Running two channels in unison gives performers major flexibility -- the A1 Plus takes things even further with authentic and variable effects.
For all the transparency, responsiveness and cutting, mid-range crunch you'd expect from a vintage tube amp, look no further than the LunaStone Wise Guy.
Make a statement with these fun, unique Scraps guitar straps. Their 2-inch-wide cotton strap material will keep you comfortable over hours of playing.
Complement your unique playing with these one-of-a-kind straps from Scraps. Their all-cotton strap material and leather ends ensure comfort and strength.
This custom-fitting cover slips over your Line 6 Spider V 30 amp to protect it from bumps and scratches. Its back pocket is great for cables.
Cover up your Spider IV head with this custom-fit slipcover from Line 6. It's great for taking your amp on the road!
Don't sacrifice your playing time due to discomfort! This extra long Levy's strap features 3-1/4" wide neoprene padding for the ultimate in playing comfort.
This 3-inch leather strap features a carved paisley pattern. It also features foam padding and garment leather backing.
Add some bite to your stage presence! This Levy's strap is made of imitation snakeskin and sports realistic texture, plus foam padding.
This Levy's guitar strap is made primarily of rayon, a lightweight, breathable material, and also features leather end tabs for a secure grip to your axe.
Get Rat Fink style on stage! This Levy's polyester strap is adorned with Ed Roth's famous character Rat Fink, in all his grotesque glory.
Look great on stage while staying super comfortable. This Levy strap's light padding and soft garment leather keep your shoulder comfortable through any gig.
Tooled with a geometric chain link design and made from vegan tan leather, this 2.5" guitar strap offers a comfortable, durable choice for guitarists.
Don't mess around when it comes to protecting your mandolin. The Levy's LM21 is made entirely of top-quality Texas tough leather and features padded straps.
Parade your favorite acoustic to all your shows in this luxurious leather gig bag. Perfect for jumbo models, this bag protects your axe with 1" of padding.
This Levy's leather gig bag is specially fit for your nylon-string classical guitar. With 1" foam padding and plush lining, it keeps your guitar safe.
Tote your favorite acoustic guitar in style inside this leather gig bag by Levy's! The LM20 features 1" foam padding to keep your instrument safe inside.
With an adjustable neck cushion, 1" triple density foam padding and leather handles, this Levy's gig bag is a secure way to carry your acoustic guitar.
A unique 9-string instrument, the Puerto Rican tres sounds even better when it's strung with La Bella PRT370 steel strings.
This set of La Bella classical guitar strings features silver-plated bass strings and clear treble strings.
The Vihuela de Mexico is no ordinary guitar -- it's a 5-string instrument played in mariachi music. String up your Mexican vihuela with these nylon strings.
Get the thick tone of flatwounds minus the floppiness with La Bella LTF-4A strings. Their round core and narrow ribbon wire create a smooth, flexible feel.
Featuring an adjustable support system, this K&M Heli 2 stand can adjust to 4 different positions, accommodating a range of instrument sizes and shapes.
With its innovative adjustable cross bar, this K&M Heli 2 stand will accommodate guitars of different sizes, or even larger stringed instruments or horns.
The highly versatile, yet simple J Rocket Steampunk is the ideal buffer and booster for correcting the impedance issues of big pedalboards and long cables.
A simple, two-knob compressor, the J Rockett Squeegee pedal squeezes your tone just enough to make your solos cut and those double stops turn on a dime.
With an on-board 6-band graphic EQ, the Rockaway Archer does double duty as an overdrive and equalizer, per the specs of legendary guitarist Steve Stevens.
Create smooth, amp-like overdrive out of the Melody. Carve out the overdrive tone you've been hearing in your head thanks to a powerful 6-band graphic EQ.
Built to replicate a Dumble Steel String Slinger being pushed to the brink, the Lenny offers a cutting, musical boost controlled by boost and tone knobs.
Take control of your guitar tone with the I.Q. compressor pedal from J. Rockett. Use the EQ section  to push the compressor harder for a variety of tones.
Dial in cool, singing Blues overdrive on the Blue Note, or flip to its Hot mode to go from a flat EQ to bumped-up mids, perfect for howling leads.
JHS teamed up with Butch Walker to create this dominating drive pedal. Switch the separate boost to before or after the OD circuit for a range of options.
A straightforward pedal for brutal fuzz or warm tonal coloring, the JHS Crayon overdrive is responsive to playing dynamics and has versatile EQ controls.
Made with highly responsive discrete components, the JHS Mike Campbell Signature Calhoun V2 lets you combine fuzz and overdrive circuits for maximum impact.
A pair of direct-mount Seymour Duncan pickups give this left-handed axe powerful tone, complemented by a lightning-fast graphite-reinforced maple neck.
With Jackson's precise construction and versatile Seymour Duncan pickups, the DK3 Pro Dinky electric guitar can take your tone wherever you want it to go.
Reach top speeds on the Jackson Pro Series Dinky DK3's compound-radius ebony fretboard, and dial in your ideal tone via its HSS Seymour Duncan pickup array.
The wild V shape of the Jackson Corey Beaulieu matches the blistering tone of its high-output Seymour Duncan Blackout active pickups.
This Phil Collen signature model captures the sound of the Def Leppard axeman with DiMarzio HSS pickups, a Jackson Sustainer and a Floyd Rose tremolo.
Capable of single-coil clarity and humbucker bite, the Ibanez Tom Quayle TQM1 electric guitar plays effortlessly, with an even tone that works for any genre.
Light up the fingerboard with reckless abandon on this shred machine. This Prestige model offers effortless playability thanks to the Super Wizard HP neck.
If the striking shattered mirror finish of Paul Stanley's Ibanez PS2CM doesn't stun your audience, the raucous tone of its Seymour Duncan humbuckers will.
That's right -- 1400 rhinestones are laid out on the body of the Ibanez Paul Stanley Signature PS1DM, creating a unique and collectible Iceman instrument.
Dressed in a hot Muscle Car Orange finish, Satch's JS410 sports signature DiMarzio pups with a high-pass filter and coil tap for some interplanetary tones.
Built in the image of Coy Bowles' original 1997 Artist, the CBM100 features a mahogany body and maple top, as well as a set neck with glowing side dots.
Thermo-Aged for a louder, fuller sound and designed with vintage aesthetics in mind, the Ibanez AVM10 sounds and feels older that it is -- in a good way.
The Artwood Vintage AVD60's thermo-aged solid AA Adirondack spruce top delivers a deep bottom end while its soft-V mahogany neck provides a comfortable feel.
A thermo-aged mahogany top and lightweight open pore natural finish give this AV9CE wide dynamics when strumming and a quick response when fingerpicking.
Get vintage acoustic tone and looks with the Ibanez Artwood Vintage AVC11 thanks to a thermo-aged solid caucasian spruce top and a semi-gloss antique finish.
Find the vintage acoustic tone you've been dreaming of with the thermo-aged mahogany-and-spruce construction of the Ibanez AVC10MH Artwood Vintage acoustic.
Covered in black vinyl Tolex with the Ibanez logo on the front, this hard case is the best way to protect your AM73 and AM73T Artcore model guitars in style.
A cutaway grand concert body shape allows for greater access to the upper register of this AC320E so you can experience wave after wave of shimmering highs.
Insta-change your harmonicas, for smooth and quick song transitions onstage, with the comfortable and adjustable HarpArm HA-54 HarpFlight harmonica holder.
Need to get a non-iron-containing harmonica onto a HarpArm holder? No problem! The HA-53 lets you easily attach a wood, plastic or non-ferrous steel harp.
Who says organic tube-style overdrive has to cost a fortune? Hotone's affordable Golden Touch does the job in a small-format pedal with a unique Warm switch.
Get pronounced vocal tones or quacking auto-wah with the Hotone Q-Box. Choose from auto wah or high-pass and low-pass touch-sensitive wahs.
What does an Eagle's Heart sound like? This Hotone amp is inspired by the ENGL Savage 120, with five watts of vengeful metal tone.
Made from the same ultra-fine material as the cloth you use to clean your glasses, this cloth will keep your guitar shiny and fingerprint-free.
Inspired by gritty blues players, the Hohner Thunderbird is a low-tuned harmonica that delivers incredible volume and girth in your lowest registers.
Easier to bend than most chromatics, Hohner's 7545 CX-12 has a one-piece housing that creates a warm tone, and a back-mounted spring plate for smooth action.
If you need impeccably even response from your harmonica, including the highest notes, try the powerful and comfortable Hohner Super Chromonica 270 Deluxe.
A rugged plastic comb and Hohner's modular system for swapping out reeds makes this a versatile and dependable harmonica for a number of styles.
With a 14-hole design, enclosed mouthpiece, and slide mechanism, the Hohner 257-C Chrometta harmonica delivers clear, consistent tone with strong projection.
Built for years of enjoyment, the Hohner 255-C Chrometta 12 chromatic harmonica uses an enclosed cover design for a loud, full sound with strong projection.
Play it all! With a chromatic harmonica you're never in the wrong key, and a well-built, sonorous Hohner 253-C Chrometta 10 harp is a great place to start.
The case for your Ultra Swede should be ultra sweet -- like this official hardshell from Hagstrom, made from durable tan Tolex with a soft protective lining.
With a 25.5" scale Canadian hard maple neck, this Hagstrom Super Viking makes drop-tuning a breeze, yet maintains its airy, semi-hollowbody resonance.
Lovingly recreated and updated, the Hagstrom Retroscape H-IIN HB is a reissue of its '60s ancestor -- complete with the quirky switches and easy playability.
Made to be light yet protective, the Hagstrom electric gig bag features a comfortable carry handle, extra accessory pockets, and removable shoulder straps.
Based on the Hamer Studio body and loaded with Hamer humbuckers, this Sunburst FT features a figured maple veneer atop a solid maple top and mahogany body.
The stately Guild D-40 Traditional features a highly resonant solid Sitka spruce top and mahogany back and sides for a distinct voice to cut through any mix.
With a powerful 6" biscuit resonator cone, Gretsch's innovative G9112 Resonator-Ukulele will make your playing pleasingly prominent in any acoustic mix.
Lefties can now enjoy Tim Armstrong's signature hollow body guitar. It resonates with ferocious sound thanks to parallel tone bars and Filter'Tron pickups.
This Gretsch Players Edition Jet marries the rich tone of Broad'Tron humbuckers with a flamed maple top for aggressive sound and looks.
Rock and roll with this Gretsch G6128T Jet's smooth Bigsby tailpiece and High Sensitive Filter'Tron pickups picking up all the nuances of your playing style.
Tap into the golden age of Gretsch with this Jet Firebird. TV Jones Classic pickups and a golden Bigsby will help you rock the night away with fiery tone.
A feedback-fighting spruce center block, Tim Shaw-designed Full'Tron pickups and a treble bleed circuit pack this Broadkaster Jr with great Gretsch sound.
Add significant style to your stage presence with this gorgeous Falcon. A pair of TV Jones Ray Butts Ful-Fidelity pickups add power and bite to your sound.
Combining incredible beauty with a timeless sound, this White Falcon soars above the competition. Gretsch "ML" bracing ensures a big, full hollowbody tone.
Ready for anything, the Gretsch G6120T combines vintage looks with modern playability. Adorned with gold hardware, this guitar is a treat for eyes and ears.
Look great on stage -- and sound even better -- with this Country Club guitar in Cadillac Green. TV Jones Classic pickups deliver distinctive Gretsch tone.
Broadcast your red-hot riffage with the Gretsch G6609TFM PE Broadkaster, a bright and cutting maple/spruce electric with Full'Tron pickups that love to rock.
Slick, stylish, and dripping with vintage mojo, this limited-edition Penguin features Dual TV Jones TV Classic pickups to crank out distinctive Gretsch tone.
From the Bigsby tremolo and Dynasonic pickups to the Grover tuners, this George Harrison signature Gretsch is designed to the late Beatle's specifications.
Take your swingin' rockabilly riffs to the next level with the G6120SH Hot Rod. This maple guitar yields bright tones via the signature TV Jones pickups.
With a custom-voiced LR Baggs Lyric pickup system and an LB6 saddle transducer, this Doyle Dykes Signature Multiac is capable of endless tonal possibilities.
With an asymmetrical body, dual P-90 pickups, simple controls and a stopbar tailpiece, this S-200 T-Bird is a rock-solid reissue of Guild's iconic original.
Timeless design, beautiful tone, and supreme playability make the Guild F-512E acoustic-electric 12-string a worthy addition to any guitarist's collection.
A Guild classic is back! A single DeArmond Rhythm Chief 1000 floating pickup gives this hollowbody guitar a highly present, snappy tone that's rich and warm.
Look and sound amazing on any stage with this 2019 Songwriter model. Rosewood back and sides complement the Sitka spruce top for an articulate, punchy tone.
Create jangly symphonies of sound with this gorgeous 12-string acoustic guitar. The Songwriter's LR Baggs VTC electronics ensure every string gets heard.
For the ultimate in sound and playability, this Hummingbird Vintage delivers in spades. The classic combo of spruce and mahogany creates a rich, clear tone.
This SG Standard gets lefties to let loose with the power of rock 'n' roll. A comfortable and light mahogany body plays well with the 490R and 490T pickups.
Southpaws: quench your thirst for a workhorse guitar at a great price with the lefty 2018 SG Faded. The equipped 490R and 490T humbuckers were made to rock.
Deep, beautiful, and "grand-piano-sounding," the Roy Smeck Stage Deluxe acoustic is a collectible. Pick one up, and you too can be a "wizard of the strings."
With this J-45 Vintage model, you won't overpay for the sound and feel of an old guitar. A killer combo of spruce and mahogany makes this acoustic sing.
Mellow your acoustic tone with a striking, all-mahogany J-45. Limited to just 75 pieces, this guitar is truly special and bound to be a collector's piece.
This lefty J-45 Standard puts powerful tone in the hands of any southpaw. The guitar's LR Baggs VTC electronics will make you sound your best on any stage.
Fit for a king, the J-45 Regal's deluxe design represents a step above the ordinary. The 3-piece rosewood back features a maple wedge for a luxurious look.
Enjoy the classic tone and feel of a J-45 with the addition of a cutaway for an extended reach. The guitar's solid Sitka spruce top projects a crisp tone.
The original style of the mighty Les Paul is preserved as the Traditional. This lefty version looks great on stage with its gorgeous AA flamed maple top.
The 1968 Les Paul "Goldtop" reissue guitars are legendary, and for its 50th anniversary Gibson is honoring that significant model with a to-spec recreation.
This Gibson Custom 58 Les Paul VOS recreates the first year of the famed burst finish. This model's nitro lacquer cherry sunburst finish is a true beauty.
This Custom Les Paul Goldtop VOS features a pair of Custombuckers, replicating the original 1957 Standard, which was the first humbucker-equipped Les Paul.
Who says they don't make 'em like they used to? This Goldtop Les Paul features a highly coveted Brazilian rosewood fingerboard and a pair of CustomBuckers.
Leftys who appreciate vintage Les Pauls take note: the 2018 Les Paul Classic features a non-weight-relieved mahogany body and classically-voiced P90 pickups.
Want thick, round tone in a lefty? This left-handed Gibson 2019 Les Paul Classic has you covered with Burstbucker 61 pickups, a mahogany body and maple top.
Gibson aged the venerable Les Paul Custom with their stylish VOS treatment to create one gorgeous guitar. This axe features CustomBuckers for unmatched tone.
How do you top the Gibson Les Paul Custom? Give it a flamed maple top and attractively aged hardware like this Custom Figured!
Hand-signed and numbered by the guitar god himself, this Custom Slash Les Paul is based on historic specs, including a solid Brazilian rosewood fretboard.
The Gibson 2019 L-00 Standard Acoustic calls back to the 1930s when the L-00 body style was the standard, and captures the heritage of those early models.
When you need a guitar with powerful lows and sweet highs, it's hard to beat a Super Jumbo. The 2018 SJ-200's maple back and sides create a focused sound.
Strum a 2019 Gibson J-200 and you'll know why they call it "Jumbo." Solid maple back and sides and hand-scalloped x-bracing yield a robust tone.
This High Performance Les Paul steps up the Standard with a slick Richlite fretboard, stunning flame maple top, and ultra-modern weight relief.
Inspired by 1950s American hot-rod culture, the ES-335 Big Block Retro features custom metallic finishes and MHS humbuckers with MTC Premiere controls.
This left-handed version of the Gibson ES-335 features an incredible figured maple top, MHS II humbuckers, and an MTC Premiere control assembly.
This Historic series Gibson recreates the ES-335 circa 1961, complete with the then newly slimmed neck shape and famed "mouse ear" cutaways.
Lay your hands on this beauty and you may never want to put it down! Adirondack spruce bracing and a pair of MHS humbuckers make this guitar a tone beast.
Featuring a thermally engineered Adirondack spruce bracing, chambered maple center block and MHS II humbuckers, the Gibson 2019 ES-355 delivers dynamic tone.
The Gibson 2019 ES-345 combines modern enhancements with vintage features established by the debut of the 345 in 1958, including a Maestro vibrato tailpiece.
Paying homage to the 1957 Les Paul "Black Beauty," the Gibson 2019 ES-339 Black Beauty is a modern take on the iconic design and features a Bigsby tremolo.
Truly a statement piece, the Gibson 2019 ES-355 semi-hollowbody guitar is visually stunning with AAA figured maple veneer and vintage natural finish.
Designed to celebrate the 1957 "Black Beauty" Les Paul, the Gibson 2019 ES-355 Black Beauty is a tribute to the legendary guitar in a semi-hollow package!
Get authentic '50s feel, tone and style in this 2019 Gibson ES-335. Hand-rolled binding and distinct pearloid dot inlays round out the classic style.
Capture the vibe of an early '60s ES-335 with this '61 ES-335 Kalamazoo model. Classic "mouse ear" cutaways make this an unmistakable Gibson.
Gibson recreates a part of its history with this '59 Kalamazoo ES-335. A fat late '50s neck profile feels sturdy, while the MHS pickups offer smooth tone.
From jazz to classic rock 'n' roll, there's nothing quite like a Gibson semi-hollowbody guitar. This ES-275 features beautiful AAA-flamed maple construction.
A classic Gibson jazz guitar gets reinvented with a more comfortable shape in this Thinline ES-275. Dial in a bevy of classic tones with MHS humbuckers.
The classic Gibson ES-275 returns with a twist -- this 2019 model sports Memphis Historic Spec P-90 pickups for mix-penetrating tone.
Strive for tonal versatility (and impeccable looks) with the 2019 Gibson ES-275 Black Beauty. Its trio of pickups and Bigsby tremolo bring out your best.
Lefties can experience the groundbreaking design and rocking tones of the Explorer with this 2019 model. Burstbucker 2 & 3 pickups bring the rock.
Southpaws need look no further than the true rock 'n' roll tone offered by the mini humbuckers and mahogany construction of this left-handed 2018 Firebird.
Fire up the Gibson 2018 Firebird for classic rock 'n' roll tone, courtesy of a pair of mini-humbucker pickups and all-mahogany neck-through construction.
See how Rick Nielsen's vintage Les Paul plays -- Gibson's Custom Shop '59 replica comes complete with Nielsen-specific scratches/dings and historic hardware.
Get vintage humbucking tone with the modern twist of increased upper mids. This pickup features open coils and 4-conductor shielded wiring.
Huge sound. Small body. This Gibson 2019 Parlor acoustic's unique body design produces a colossal tone unlike any other small-body acoustic instrument.
This Gibson 2019 Parlor Mahogany's unique design provides a gigantic tone unbecoming of its slim depth and compact body shape.
Walnut comprises the back and sides of this Gibson 2019 Hummingbird, giving it a well-balanced tone and unique growl and bite in the lower midrange register.
A versatile combination of mahogany and solid Sitka spruce gives this J-45 a beautiful vintage look and a warm, round sound, perfect for chord strumming.
Strum to your heart's content with this 12-string Gibson Studio Songwriter. Its doubled-string chime is accentuated by rosewood back and sides for great projection.
Enjoy the sweet tone of the Gibson J-45 you know and love in a limited edition Olive Green finish. This model also features an LR Baggs Element VTC pickup.
This limited-edition 2018 L-00 may sport a small, parlor-style body, but it delivers incredible tone thanks to its thermally aged Adirondack red spruce top.
You need to get your hands on a different sort of Hummingbird. The Supreme Avant Garde model features a Sitka spruce and rosewood body for unmatched clarity.
Need guitar transit protection? The Gator Transit case is made with a dense EPS foam interior and beige plush lining that protects your guitar from shock.
Protect your Taylor GS Mini! The Gator GL-GSMINI Lightweight Case sports a hybrid-style design and EPS foam core lining made specifically to fit this guitar.
Modify your favorite Strat-style guitar with this Fishman VMV Powerbridge pickup for a widened palette of acoustic and hybrid acoustic-electric sounds.
Add a wide palette of acoustic and acoustic-electric sounds to your favorite Stratocaster-style guitar with this drop-in, 2-stud Fishman TSV Powerbridge.
Consisting of a piezo-ceramic pickup preinstalled in a Despiau bridge, the Fishman V400 viola pickup amplifies your instrument naturally and realistically.
Mount this lightweight piezo pickup in the wing slot of your violin or viola's bridge, and get plugged in with the included 10-foot 1/8" to 1/4" cable.
Enhance your Les Paul's tonal palette with the array of acoustic and hybrid acoustic-electric sounds made possible by this Fishman TOM Powerbridge pickup.
With a long lead wire for easy installation on a number of different instruments, Fishman's SBT-HP harp and piano transducer pickup produces warm, full tone.
Great for classical or acoustic guitars, Fishman's SBT-E pickup comes with a Switchjack endpin jack for simultaneous stereo operation and battery switching.
Complete with a maple and ebony saddle, embedded piezo-ceramic pickup, and endpin jack, this Fishman Nashville Biscuit pickup will enhance any acoustic.
Resonate the whole room with the Fishman Classic active resophonic acoustic guitar pickup. Attaches to the center of the cone on any resonator acoustic.
Get twice the tone from your guitar! The Fishman Fluence Modern has two switchable voices and a rechargeable battery to keep you playing for over 200 hours.
Mix your Powerbridge and magnetic pickups together by automatically splitting your piezo and magnetic signals with this Fishman Powerchip Powerbridge mixer.
Working in conjunction with Fishman's Smart Switch circuit, the Powerchip makes it possible to blend your Powerbridge piezo and magnetic pickup signals.
Get your hands on the value-priced cousin of the Rare Earth pickup. It offers that same natural tone and string balance for a fraction of the cost of the Rare Earth.
Sonic explorers of the 8-string realm deserve great tone too. This Fishman Fluence Modern Alnico pickup is just for them, with smooth mids and dynamic lows.
Get the growl only ceramic magnets can provide! This Fishman Fluence Modern Ceramic pickup accentuates the tone of any 8-string electric guitar.
Discover the sound of alnico! These Fishman Fluence Modern Alnico pickups bring explosive, rich tone to your 7-string guitar's neck or bridge slot.
Combine the lush tones and dynamic feel of the Ellipse undersaddle pickup with the clarity of a cardioid condenser microphone for powerful, balanced sound.
Pick up the pickup parts you need! This official split matrix pickup replacement part for acoustic guitars from Fishman makes repair and modification easy.
Give your Loudbox Performer the protection it deserves with this slip cover. Made to fit your acoustic amp, this cover proudly features the Fishman logo.
Install this pickup onto your upright bass for accurate sound through any PA. Fine-tune the pickup's voice to perfectly suit a variety of playing styles.
Hear all the acoustic qualities, dynamics and nuances of your beloved upright bass with this quick and easily retro-fitted Fishman FCL-002 bass pickup.
Add power and clarity to your instrument without revealing the source. Once the Ellipse Blend is installed, it's virtually invisible from everyone but you.
Get Fishman's Acoustic Imaging Technology with the Elipse Aura on-board pickup, featuring an ergonomic, soundhole-mounted design and solderless installation.
Add acoustic and acoustic-electric sounds to your guitar with this Fishman VS50P Powerbridge, featuring a Wilkinson-style 2-stud Strat replacement bridge.
Perfect for use with a preamp, this piezo-ceramic transducer built into a Despiau bridge creates an easy-to-install and highly consistent violin pickup.
Take advantage of the wide range of the 8-string guitar with a set of Fishman Fluence Classics -- the pickup that unlocks your guitar's full tonal potential.
Get more tones out of your 7-string than you ever thought possible with the Fishman Open Core Fluence Classic pickup -- your gateway to tonal exploration.
Coax a balanced tone from your cello with the Fishman C200CE -- a piezo pickup built into a Despiau bridge for the ultimate in non-intrusive amplification.
Using Fishman's Floating Mount system for secure installation, the C100CE cello pickup amplifies the sound of your instrument without affecting its tone.
Outfit your Telecaster-style guitar with a wide palette of incredible acoustic and hybrid acoustic-electric sounds with this Fishman AST Powerbridge.
Amplify your 6-string acoustic with the PRO-AG1-125 piezo undersaddle pickup from Fishman -- it sounds great alone and even better if used with a preamp.
Battery-free and easy to install, the Fishman AG undersaddle ukulele pickup can function alone or in conjunction with a preamp for a hotter output.
A great option for 6-string acoustic guitars, the Fishman AG-094 undersaddle piezo pickup sounds great by itself, and even better if you add a preamp.
Fret-King's Esprit V turns convention on its head. With a reverse body shape, dual WHHB humbuckers and Vari-coil knob, this guitar is one totally unique axe.
The Fret-King Elise is carved from one solid mahogany block, topped with a double-carved maple cap and loaded with WVC Vari-coil humbuckers for versatility.
This adjustable distressed-canvas guitar strap offers both style and comfort thanks to its soft cotton webbing, glove leather end tabs, and double-layering.
Looking for the tone of British amps of the '60s and '70s? Try the Friedman Dirty Shirley. It's great for clean or overdrive, and takes pedals like a champ.
Go all out with this luxurious Fender Custom Shop Tele. The '51 Nocaster pickups sound incredible, while the spalted maple top makes each piece unique.
You don't have to hurt your guitar to give it the broken-in beauty of a rusty old truck -- this Heavy Relic Telecaster plays like new and looks like vintage.
Fresh from the Fender Custom Shop, this Jazzmaster will feel like butter from day one. Create the sounds of yesterday thanks to a pair of hand-wound pickups.
Outfitted with hot, hand-wound pickups and a Bigsby B-5 tremolo, Fender's Journeyman Relic Twisted Telecaster is an all-American axe that's hard to put down.
With its heavily aged Pink Paisley finish and Thinline semi-hollow body, along with its Custom Shop and Texas Special pickups, this Tele is swimming in mojo.
Tonewoods and hardware combine like notes in a symphony to form an embodiment of U.S. luthiery and rock 'n' roll -- the Fender Custom '60s Relic Telecaster.
The Fender Custom Shop delivers once again with this sweet Thinline Tele. A set of handwound ‘50-’51 Blackguard pickups pair nicely with the lively ash body.
Take this Lake Placid Blue Tele out for a spin and you may never want to put it down. The Custom Shop model's Heavy Relic job offers up some serious mojo.
The original 5E5A circuit powering the '57 Custom Pro-Amp is renowned for its tonal flexibility, making this an excellent amp for players of any genre.
Beautifully built with a tamo top, roasted birdseye maple neck and a hand-wound '58 Tele pickup, this Custom Shop Artisan Telecaster is a true masterpiece.
Finish off your Jazz bass build with this Fender American Professional bass neck, featuring a Modern C neck profile, 9.5" radius and 22 narrow-tall frets.
Perfect for strumming on the beach or in the studio, the Malibu Classic's comfortable small body makes it the perfect instrument for both beginners and pros.
Perfect for stage, studio, or just relaxing by a beach fire pit, the Malibu Special's short scale and small body make it the perfect traveling companion.
With its compound profile neck, this Strat is incredibly comfortable, no matter your position on the neck. Use the S-1 switching system to vary your tone.
Get the Fender tone that started it all with this gorgeous recreation of an original '52 Telecaster.
With smaller frets, Pure Vintage pickups, and left-hand oriented pole pieces, this Fender American Original '50s Strat lets lefties experience the fifties.
Running 300 volts into a tube-powered audio stage and tube level indicator, the Replay delay sings with rich, saturated delays of up to a full second.
Step on the Fuchs Plush boost pedal for up to 25 dB of clean gain! Pump up your volume for solos, or slam the front end of your tube amp for max saturation.
Built from the finest components, the Fuchs ODS II combo offers two discreet channels of muscular tone. Crank the master for smooth power tube overdrive.
Crank up some American 6L6-powered thunder with the Fuchs ODS Classic. This 100 watt beast features two gain boosts to take your playing to the next level.
Throw some extra muscle into your rig with this ODS Classic combo from Fuchs. Driving 100 watts through a 12" speaker, this amp packs a heck of a punch.
Metalheads rejoice! The Mantis Jr. 50-watt head dishes out modern, shred-worthy tone thanks to the strident clipping structure of its high gain channel.
Get a more metal-friendly tone from your Fuchs with the foot-controlled preset gain boost, thrust control and added gain channel of the Mantis Jr. combo amp.
With a higher gain structure in its second channel and an added thrust control, the Mantis Jr. head offers a more metal-oriented tone than its Fuchs siblings.
The Mantis Jr. answers the call for a heavier amp in the Fuchs lineup, thanks to a high gain channel and thrust control, making it perfect for modern metal.
Crank out killer tube tone at a reasonable volume. Perfect for studios, the Lucky 7 pushes seven watts of distinctive crunch from a single EL34 power tube.
Want powerful projection in a thin-body acoustic? The ESP LTD Thinline TL-6Z acoustic-electric guitar features a stunning zebrawood cap on a mahogany body.
Add some heat to your shredding with this M-403HT with flame maple top. The Seymour Duncan HSS pickup configuration offers a multitude of tonal options.
Mix rock 'n' roll with beautiful Hawaiian Koa and you get this killer axe. The koa top warms up your tone, while the neck-through design increases sustain.
Start riffing today! The ESP LTD Kirk Hammett lefty signature is ready to rock with a Floyd Rose bridge, Kirk's skull-and-bones inlays and LH-301 pickups.
Satisfy your need for speed with the lead guitarist of Testament's signature axe. The classic Seymour Duncan JB/59 set ensures this is a true tone machine.
Start shredding today! The ESP LTD Arrow 200 electric guitar features ESP design humbucking pickups, an LTD by Floyd Rose bridge and a basswood body.
With lighter top strings great for bending and thicker bottom strings for beefier low end, these Classic Rock N Roll Slinkys are the best of both worlds.
Save time during string changes and setups with the Ernie Ball CradleTune! This smart device props up your guitar neck and acts as a clip-on tuner.
Made famous by jazz guitarist Joe Pass, this hollowbody packs a pair of SwingBucker pickups perfect for swing, rockabilly, country and everything in between.
Sporting a Les Paul-style metallic Goldtop finish, three Alnico P-90 pickups and a Bigsby B70 vibrato, this limited Rivera Custom P93 is unique in every way.
The throwback Epiphone Century's arched maple top, Pro P-90 pickups and rounded C-shape mahogany neck lend it authentic mid-'60s feel and tone.
With its magnetic humbucker, the Stagebird will allow you to bring banjo twang to any stage and look good doing it with a distinct black Remo banjo head.
The Eminence Wheelhouse 200 guitar speaker projects a big, thick sound with midrange clarity. It's responsive to playing dynamics and works well with pedals.
Find your amp's sweet spot at low volumes. The 30 oz. magnet featured in the TF-1250 gives lower efficiency, allowing you to get tight, touch-sensitive tone.
The N151M driver kicks out monumental power for its small size. A phase plug design provides low distortion, smooth frequency response and high sensitivity.
Ever hear the story of the guy with the 200-watt speakers? Neither did he! And he didn't regret it: these speakers back their power up with a focused voice.
Get a speaker that's made for violin -- the Eminence GuitFiddle. Its mellow high-mids reduce bow noise and impart a smooth tone to violin or electric guitar.
Designed in conjunction with renowned amp tech George Alessandro and guitar great Eric Johnson, these alnico speakers are sure to bring any amp to life.
Get classic British throaty mids and harmonic complexity via this CV-65 utilizing a 34 oz. ceramic magnet and 1.75" voice coil for focused, articulate highs.
Loaded with three Alnico 5 single-coil pickups and equipped with a two-pin connector for easy installation, this EMG ST-65 pickguard is the ideal Strat mod.
Loaded with a trio of Alnico 2 single-coil pickups, this EMG ST-54 prewired pickguard is the perfect drop-in upgrade for modding your favorite Stratocaster.
Ride the wave of surf rock Strat tone made famous by players like Dick Dale with this Maverick Five set, featuring custom-wound coils and Alnico 5 magnets.
Built with custom-wound coils and Alnico 5 magnets, the EMG Maverick Five Set provides the high powered Strat tones made famous by iconic surf rock artists.
Give your guitar an eye-catching makeover with a red EMG 85 active pickup. This solderless humbucker features an alnico V magnet for an aggressive sound.
EMG's 66-N neck pickup pairs alnico V magnets with ceramic pole pieces for warm, smooth mids and deep lows along with crisp, clear highs.
Upgrade your guitar tone with the classic, PAF-like, EMG 57-B bridge pickup. This active pickup delivers increased headroom for serious presence and punch.
Learn to play guitar and read music! This set includes both eMedia's beginner and intermediate Guitar Method software -- with over 190 interactive lessons.
Extend time between string changes with these 8-string Elixir Optiwebs. The nickel-plated steel strings feature a durable coating to promote a longer life.
7-stringers deserve the same Elixir durability acoustic players have enjoyed for years. The thin Optiweb coating offers a long life without hindering tone.
Play heavy? Elixir's 8-string Nanoweb strings keep your deep chugs and subterranean riffs sounding clear for longer with proprietary coating.
Make sure your acoustic guitar always sounds its best with Elixir NanoWeb coated strings. This 3-pack is a wonderful value and full of sweet, organic tone.
No ordinary delay, this Deluxe Memory Man boasts 1100 milliseconds max delay time, plus tap tempo, tap divide, an effects loop and an expression pedal input.
Make your DRS guitar rack also the place for your pedals, cables, strings and more with this perfectly sized accessories drawer that fits into your rack!
Top your Bravo7 guitar stand with this stylish bench-top unit, featuring a built-in, pop-up neck support system for a stylish guitar maintenance station.
Stop leaning your guitars and basses on the wall! The DRS Racks Alpha Bravo is a stackable rack system that holds up to 14 instruments in a 38" wide space.
Add some old-school bass tone to your repertoire with these flatwound strings from Dunlop. The stainless steel construction ensures a relatively bright tone.
Own the stage with the distinctive looks and sound provided by this Dean ZX's oversized headstock, flame maple top and Dean DMT Design humbucker pickups.
With a lightweight string-thru paulowina body, a bolt-on maple neck and dual humbuckers, this Vendetta XM is the perfect starter axe for aspiring metalheads.
Dean USA throws it back to their earliest days with this killer axe. A pair of DiMarzio Super Distortion humbuckers ensure the guitar spits out maximum gain.
For those about to rock, pick up the Dean EVO XM and experience top-quality performance in an electric guitar that won't break the bank for beginners.
Covering a variety of popular gauges, these nickel-plated steel strings from Dean Markley  give you a crisp, punchy bass tone that lasts.
Achieve that immortal classic rock sound with this 12-string electric guitar. It features a semi-hollow body with an arched top and dual humbucker pickups.
The D&A Icestand guitar stand folds up quickly and is compact enough to fit in your acoustic guitar's gig bag -- saving setup and tear-down time and space.
Got guitar-related pains? Add the adjustable D&A Gig Strap to nearly any guitar strap to alleviate pain from your shoulders, so you can keep rockin'!
Designed for Revocation frontman Dave Davidson, these DiMarzio Imperium neck and bridge pickups feature full-bodied lows and smooth, crystal clear highs.
Replace your old, scratchy pots or complete a fresh build with this 250K potentiometer from DiMarzio. Mounting hardware is included for easy installation.
Developed for Paul Gilbert's range of playing styles, the DP243 PG-13 mini bridge humbucker has a balance of clarity, chime and fullness without being harsh.
Designed for Eric Johnson's Les Paul 1959 reissue, these DP211N EJ Custom humbuckers are clear, bright, present and treble responsive -- but never thin.
Combine a banjo with a resonator guitar? Sure! The Deering USA Banjo Resonator is a gorgeous instrument with a unique sound that will inspire your playing.
With its V shape and dual humbuckers, this Dave Mustaine signature axe is a metal machine! The custom graphics are nearly as mean as the tone it cranks out.
Get the tones of a jumbo guitar without the bulk. The St. Augustine Mini Jumbo's solid spruce top delivers a crisp high end that complements the body size.
When metalheads want to slow down and get mellow, they reach for a Dean St. Augustine. A solid spruce top and mahogany body help create a rich, robust tone.
Feel power and sustain when you wield the Premier SD. With humbuckers and solid body, this is one truly rock-worthy D'Angelico.
The Premier Bedford is a sleek, lightweight, and uniquely shaped offset that's sure to grab your attention with its striking looks and well-balanced tone.
Primed for any genre, D'Angelico's EX-DH offers classic hollowbody tone with a slim-C neck and medium jumbo frets for modern playability.
Elvis gets his due in this D'Angelico hollowbody fit for a king. Kent Armstrong humbuckers and a Bigsby trem give this 175 its classic rock tone and style.
The warm, smoky tone of the D'Angelico EXL-1 is ideal for jazz tunes. John D'Angelico's original design gets a new look in limited-edition finishes.
Designed for playability, the D'Angelico Deluxe Ludlow Tremolo has a shape that's perfect for high-fret access, and a slim C-shape neck for playing comfort.
Sporting a distinctive body shape, the Deluxe Ludlow offers effortless access to the upper frets and silky-smooth tone via Seymour Duncan DA-59 humbuckers.
With a unique offset body shape, Seymour Duncan pickups, and a maple-and-walnut neck, the Deluxe Bedford provides all the speed and responsiveness you crave.
Own a dry instrument in need of some TLC? This Humidipak kit restores a safe level of moisture in your instrument, so you can maintain it from there.
This mini capo fits smaller instruments, like the banjo, ukulele or mandolin. Choose which strings are capoed for interesting tunings and tonal combinations.
Perfect for travel, the Cordoba Mini M has the full-bodied sound of a full-size acoustic guitar, at a more portable size! Take this mini acoustic anywhere.
Perfect for any aspiring guitarist, this half-size Cordoba Protege classical acoustic gives younger players a comfortable feel at an affordable price.
Shred comfortably up and down the graphite-reinforced neck of this Charvel Pro-Mod. Its beautiful quilted maple top offers looks to match its killer tone.
Hot-rodded for prime playability, this Charvel Pro-Mod is ready to shred thanks to a graphite-reinforced neck and a Floyd Rose double-locking recessed trem.
Built for the fast, aggressive and melodic guitar work of Miss May I's Justin Aufdemkampe, this signature Pro Mod SD24 is a stripped-down shred machine.
Get your own replica of DeMartini's iconic Frenchie guitar with this Charvel signature. Get a range of high-output tones with a humbucker and a single coil.
Searching for the rare Pulsonic tone? Look no further than the G1235XC. Celestion has drawn from nearly a century of experience in this limited-run speaker.
This Cole Clark Fat Lady 2 features a redwood top and Australian blackwood back and sides, providing great resonance for finger pickers and strummers alike.
With a Queensland maple neck, Tasmanian blackwood back and sides and Australian redwood top, this Angel 2 is decked-out in beautiful, sustainable tonewoods.
Built from rugged, sustainable Australian blackwood and Queensland maple, this Cole Clark Angel is great for percussive players looking for a natural sound.
Keep your Bugera T5 Infinium amp safe from the elements when you travel and from dust and moisture when you're home with this custom-fit black nylon cover.
A direct replacement for 12AX7s, these Bugera ECC83Bs offer incredible tone with low noise. With their mellow highs, these tubes can tame a bright amp.
These ECC83A tubes will fit anywhere you have a 12AX7. These tubes give your preamp the fat bass, clear mids, and sweetened highs needed to sound its best.
Cut, sanded, and finished to be as light as possible for optimal resonance, the Breedlove USA Concerto Sun Light acoustic emits a lively and exciting tone.
For a large, deep sound with more bass response, move up from the Concert to the Concerto body shape with Breedlove's Stage Exotic Concerto Myrtle acoustic.
Move some air with the large dreadnought construction of this Breedlove Pursuit, built entirely from mahogany for warm, focused tone and long sustain.
Crafted with Breedlove's Sound Profiling process for consistently excellent playing response, the Premier Concerto E exhibits a complex and balanced tone.
Be heard clearly with a Breedlove Premier Concerto Copper CE acoustic-electric. Its large spruce/mahogany body projects a full tone at a respectable volume.
A smaller body with spruce/mahogany construction makes the Breedlove Premier Concertina Copper E acoustic fun to play, with a responsive and resonant tone.
Locally sourced Oregon myrtlewood gives this dreadnought a unique appearance and midrange fullness. An LR Baggs EAS VTC pickup lets you plug in and project.
Built from unique myrtlewood harvested from the Oregon coast, this Breedlove Oregon Concert E acoustic sings with well-balanced tone and bold projection.
The powerful voice of Oregonian myrtlewood, combined with the robust chime of twelve strings, makes this Breedlove Oregon Concert E 12-string a true force.
Small enough to be fun, yet not too small for loud, full-range tone, the Breedlove Oregon Concertina E acoustic is a guitar you'll want to take everywhere.
Made of dense-yet-thin cocobolo with a solid Sitka spruce top and a mahogany neck, the Breedlove Legacy Concertina E is sprightly, but with surprising depth.
The all-mahogany body on the Frontier Concerto E puts you front and center of any mix. Sound profiling technology ensures excellent tone from each guitar.
Get classic tone and modern playability with the Breedlove Frontier Concertina E Mahogany. It's a bit bigger than a parlor, with strong midrange projection.
With an arched top made of solid Sitka spruce and a radiused rosewood fretboard, Breedlove's Crossover OO mandolin is designed to appeal to guitarists.
Sound larger than life! The Breedlove Crossover KO mandolin has a full, resonant sound with increased sustain, and a modern, less rounded body shape.
With power reduction, footswitchable channels and modes, and a re-voiced overdrive, the Blackstar Stage601 Mark II combo delivers highly versatile tone.
Dial in a plethora of usable tones with this tiny practice amp. Featuring digital "tape" delay and Blackstar's powerful ISF control, the LT ECHO 10 rocks.
Limited to 1,000 pieces worldwide, this Blackstar Artist Anniversary combo features a single 6L6 power tube and an HT-Drive-inspired overdrive circuit.
Made to fit most Fender P and J basses, this Babicz Full Contact 4-string bridge will give your bass increased sustain thanks to its locked-down saddles.
Experience huge, clear bass and mids thanks to the solid Honduran mahogany and AAAA solid Adirondack spruce construction of this Alvarez Yairi FYM60HD.
This Yairi-built guitar is nothing short of a masterpiece! A special group of luthiers handcrafted the DYMR70 dreadnought to deliver amazing tone.
Solid Honduran mahogany and AAAA solid Adirondack spruce pair to make this Alvarez Yairi DYM60HD Masterworks dreadnought a powerful force to be reckoned with.
This Delta 00 stays true to its roots with quarter-sawn, hand-scalloped bracing that sits back from the soundhole for a vintage, slightly compressed tone.
Sporting a solid Sitka spruce top and forward-shifted bracing for plenty of projection, this Alvarez Grand Auditorium sings with a voice all its own.
With mahogany back and sides, Sitka spruce top, and rosewood fingerboard, the Alvarez AD30 offers amazing tone at a remarkable price.
If you need an acoustic with vintage sound and feel without the price, this J-45 is for you. A thermally aged Adirondack red spruce top oozes vintage tone.
Pick up the 2018 Les Paul Studio for a high-end Gibson experience at a fantastic price. The '57 Classic and Classic+ humbuckers produce a warm PAF-like tone.
Control the volume level of your guitar's signal with the Sir-Compre. Use the gain knob to dial in anything from crystal clear cleans to slightly overdriven.
Experience the finest Taylor has to offer with a PS14ceV. An eye-catching sinker redwood top produces warm tones enhanced by the V-Class bracing system.
This limited 50th Anniversary twin channel Crush 20's four-stage preamp design serves up a huge palette of overdriven sounds, rich in harmonic overtones.