These extra-thick XLR cables are made with tough rubber coverings to stand up to the wear and tear of the road -- and backed by Pig Hog's lifetime guarantee.
Nickel-plated XLR connectors make this Hot Wires cable a durable option for connecting standard microphones to mixers or amplifiers.
Silver-plated REAN connectors and 20 AWG oxygen-free copper conductors transfer signals loudly and clearly through the Hosa HMIC XLR mic cable.
Plug in your prized mics with the gold standard. Mogami Gold studio microphone cables are premium 4-conductor XLRs made to cancel out noise and interference.
Get that stage organized with this heavy-duty audio snake. In Line Audio's stage snake box provides the female XLR inputs and male XLR returns you need.
Be heard loud and clear with high-quality XLR cables. CBI MLN Performer microphone cables use Neutrik connectors and flexible, durable Belden copper cable.
Stock up on straight-plug 1/4-inch instrument cables at a musician-friendly price. These American-made CBI cables come with a 10-year warranty.
Cables are boring. Let Pig Hog spice up your setup -- send your signal through extra-thick, tour-grade wire colorfully clad in a woven protective jacket.
Hook up the biggest stages with 32 remote-controllable MIDAS mic preamps and 16 XLR return channels -- then connect it all to FOH with a single Cat 5e cable!
Stock up on microphone cables with CBI's high-quality Low-Z XLRs. An unbeatable value, these mic cables are built with reliable nickel-plated connectors.
Add sonic clarity to your mix with this gold 1/4" TRS to male XLR cable from Mogami. It features high-density copper shielding for low background noise.
Eliminate electrical noise with a high quality guitar cable. The Mogami Gold Instrument Cable is a studio standard.
EBS Premium Gold flat patch cables make it easy to arrange your pedals all neat and tidy, and feature gold-plated connectors for optimal signal flow.
Get serious about gigging with real heavy duty cables that can stand the wear of the road and everyday use.
Built with sturdy nickel-plated REAN 1/4" plugs for extreme durability, these Hosa 1/4" TRS balanced cables are designed to stand up to life on the road.
CBI 14-Gauge Speakon to 1/4" Male speaker cable provides an easy connection from an amplifier to a passive speaker.
CBI 14-Gauge Speakon to Speakon speaker cables are made to last, with durable terminating connections and thick cable protection.
With one right angle connector and one straight plug, these 1/4" Mogami Gold instrument cables are great for keyboardists, guitarists, and more.
Easily connect your balanced TRS devices to XLR inputs with this Hosa cable. Its REAN connectors and oxygen-free copper conductors deliver great sound.
Affordable 3-pin DMX cable? Look no further. A must for any lighting installation or mobile DJ lighting rig, ADJ's AC3PDMX cables deliver signals reliably.
Wrangle that awful tangled mess of cords you call a stage by employing the organizing prowess of the Pro Co SMC StageMASTER Audio Snake.
Built to last with extra-thick 8mm wire, this 14-gauge Speakon to Speakon cable is is covered by Pig Hog's "no-question" lifetime guarantee!
No venue or recording studio should be without a collection of reliable XLR cables. Hosa XLR Balanced Interconnect cables are a great, affordable option.
Bolster your cable collection with these durable, stylish, and great-sounding instrument cables from Fender.
Don't get caught without an extra guitar cable. Get connected with Hot Wires' 1/4" TS instrument cable with tough PVC shielding and an included Velcro tie.
Made to be flexible and durable while delivering great sound, Whirlwind MC20 XLR mic cables are a great choice for all your live sound needs.
Get superior sound quality from your powered speakers and outboard gear. These gold 1/4" TRS to 1/4" TRS patch cables from Mogami are the studio standard.
Mogami performance at a more affordable price! Trust your vocals to a Mogami Core Plus XLR mic cable designed to reduce noise and enhance clarity.
Plug your power amp or powered mixer's 1/4" outputs into the Speakon jacks on your speakers -- or vice versa. Intended for high-current usage only.
These short XLR cables have silver-plated REAN connectors to ensure superior signal transfer. Use them for XLR patch bays, the backs of your racks, and more.
When the going gets tough, so should your cables. Pig Hog instrument cables are 8mm thick, tension-resistant and carry a "no question" lifetime guarantee.
Increase your cord collection's girth with 12-gauge cable and achieve more satisfying sound and longer lasting durability.
Get sound from your equipment to your audience at an affordable price with 24-gauge 1/4-inch TRS cables. Stock up on a few so you're never without a cable!
Need a digital snake? This rugged, flexible Cat 5e network cable is made for pro audio applications like Dante and AVB, with sturdy etherCon connectors.
Accommodate any speaker set up with the MP combo power and audio cable pack from Hot Wires. Cable sizes range from 25 to 100 feet.
Wire up your guitar pedalboard right. These low-profile right-angle patch cables let you space your stompboxes close together.
Connect the stage to FOH over a single CAT5 cable with the Behringer S16 Digital Snake. It offers 16 microphone preamps, 8 XLR returns, MIDI in/out and more.
Need a short 1/4" TRS cable? This Pig Hog cable has 1/4" TRS connectors on either end -- perfect for patching line-level gear with balanced inputs and outs.
Connect a 1/4" TRS output to an XLR input. This Pig Hog adapter cable gives you a 1/4" TRS male connector on one end, and a male XLR connector on the other.
Wiring up a pedalboard? The Boss BCK solderless kit makes it easy to cut each cable to the exact length you need, with straight or right-angle plugs.
Durable, yet flexible, Ernie Ball Angle/Angle patch cables will submit to your pedalboard's design and are built to deliver ultra low-noise operation.
Ruggedly built to stand up to the rigors of the road, this Pig Hog instrument cable features a right-angle and straight angle end for a versatile fit.
XLR cables are made for more than just microphones. Use this cable to connect DI boxes to mixers and to send signal to powered speakers from an interface.
Wire up your pedalboard with these woven pedal cables by Pig Hog! Available in an array of colors, these sturdy cables are built to stand up to stomping.
Bring Mogami Gold quality to the stage with this strong, flexible mic cable. Crafted from 105 copper strands, this XLR cable delivers transparent sound.
With REAN connectors, 20 AWG oxygen-free copper conductors, and 90% oxygen-free copper braided shields, these Hosa cables deliver clear and loud signals.
With an angled connector at one end, these Fender instrument cables are set to accomodate all sorts of guitars, amps, and other gear.
Overbuilt to stand up to touring's most grueling conditions, Pig Hog Vintage Series instrument cables feature extra-thick wire and rugged, woven jackets.
Connect pro audio gear in your studio with this simple, affordable 1/4" TRS balanced cable. You can also use this cable to carry a stereo signal.
Send an XLR signal down two separate paths simultaneously with this Y-cable adapter. This splitter gives you a single XLR female end, and two XLR male ends.
For microphones and other components, there's no lack of useful roles this TRS to XLR female cable can fill.
Round up your cables and keep them in place with these On-Stage velcro cable ties. They're a quick and easy way to tidy up a stage or studio.
A must for the recording studio, this 1/4" TRS headphone extender has a tough PVC jacket and heavy-duty molded connectors to stand up to wear and tear.
Not enough power outlets? Not with this cable! CBI's MOXB multi-outlet extension cable gives you 50 feet of extension cord with another outlet every 10 feet.
Get your DMX lighting rig connected with Pig Hog! Made specifically for chaining DMX lighting gear, this 3-foot Pig Hog DMX cable has 3-pin XLR connectors.
You can connect computer equipment or pro audio gear with a C14 inlet to your household electricity with this reliable power cable from Hosa.
Don't get caught needing an XLR cable at your next gig! Hot Wires Economy microphone cables make it affordable to stock up on extras.
Wire up your studio with industry-standard Mogami Gold cable. These 1/4" to XLR cables are ideal for connecting your mixer or interface to powered monitors.
Do you need sturdier speaker cables? Made with OFC conductors and a durable PVC jacket, this 16-gauge speaker cable is built to last you for many years.
With one 1/4" TRS end and one XLR female end, this adapter lets you plug an XLR source into a 1/4" input. And like all Pig Hog cables, it's built to last.
Extend the reach of your headphones' cord, or elongate a regular stereo connection, with this 1/4" headphone extension cable.
Connect 1/4" TRS outputs to XLR inputs with these cables. These affordable CBI XLR to TRS cables are ideal for sending balanced mono signals in your studio.
With its thick, woven outer jacket, this XLR cable will stand up to night after night of grueling shows. High-quality connectors contribute to premium tone.
Connect all your pedals and save valuable board space with these right-angled Hosa patch cables. Multiple lengths accommodate all different sizes of pedals.
Plug in up to eight XLR microphones with the professional-grade Hosa Little Bro snake -- a great choice for a drum snake.
Produced for professional audio demands, this cable flawlessly connects balanced 1/4" TRS outputs to gear with XLR inputs.
Get your pedals up close and personal and conserve space on your board with EBS flat patch cables! Available in a range of lengths.
Keep your setup neat by running a single dual-channel cable. Connect a pair of RCA outputs to a pair of TS 1/4" inputs -- or vice versa -- with this cable.
With a quality right-angle connector on one end, this Hosa cable is great for a wide range of guitar designs.
Built for life on the road, Pig Hog 1/4" speaker cables are crafted from thick 14-gauge wire with an 8mm rubber jacket and heat-shrink-protected connectors.
Everyone needs an adapter like this -- with a 1/8" TRS stereo plug and dual 1/4" TS mono plugs to connect a standard 3.5mm headphone out to pro audio gear.
Cut down on noise with these lifetime-warrantied Mogami guitar patch cables. Right-angle 1/4" TS connectors make these cables perfect for your pedalboard.
Tap into the convenience of right angles and eliminate the need to awkwardly dance around your gear looking for a way to plug in all your cables.
Legendary Mogami quality at a more affordable price -- this Mogami CorePlus cable's ultra-high-density spiral shield eliminates noise for a purer signal.
Keep your instruments plugged in and playing with this Hosa cable, an undeniable intersection of durability and value.
You can always use a spare 1/4" TS instrument cable. Get great sound by plugging the simple, well-made Hosa GTR cable into your guitar.
Ernie Ball 1/4" TS cables are built to last, with multiple shielding materials, a tangle-resistant braided exterior, and one straight and one angled end.
This Hosa dual RCA to 1/4" cable connects stereo equipment to a pair of unbalanced mono jacks. Use this adapter to connect your CD player to a mixer.
Plug in this standard 5-pin DIN MIDI cable to connect keyboard controllers or any gear with a standard MIDI jack, on stage or in the studio.
You can always use more XLR microphone cables for the stage and studio. Stock up with this 3-pack of 18-foot XLR cables from Samson -- an outstanding value.
Connect AES/EBU digital gear in your studio with these high-quality 110-ohm Hosa cables. They double as standard 3-pin XLR cables for analog connections.
Ideal for connecting stereo components, it's always great to have a few extra RCA to RCA cables around.
Includes two right-angled connectors for hard to reach places. Available in 6-inch length ideal for pedalboards.
You can't set up a PA system without speaker cables. Stock up on these durable, flexible, double-insulated Hot Wires cables with 1/4" TS connectors.
Got an analog console or analog outboard gear? Send 8 channels of balanced audio around your studio with this XLR-F to XLR-M 8-channel snake cable from Hosa.
Great for guitars with input jacks on the top, this right angle cable features durable rean connectors.
Got a StudioLive Series III mixer? Skip the heavy copper snake and grab this sturdy AVB stagebox with 16 remote-controlled XMAX preamps and 8 XLR line outs.
Don't waste money on a no-name cable. Constructed for the long haul, this 1/4" TS guitar cable is part of Whirlwind's Connect Series instrument cable line.
Hand-made with 24-gauge wire, this flexible 5-pin MIDI cable is available in a variety of lengths to fit your studio and stage needs, whatever they may be.
Rid your pedalboard of unwanted cable tangles once and for all. This jumper cable with two right-angle 1/4" TS plugs is an affordable solution.
Stock up your studio or live rig with extra microphone cables. These professional XLR cables deliver Audio-Technica build quality at an affordable price.
Don't get stuck with an power cable that isn't long enough. Add this C13 to C14 extension cable anywhere your gear's IEC power cable is a few feet short.
Plug into your guitar without the annoying popping sound. This silent Mogami cable utilizes a sleeve to keep your signal quiet until you're ready to play.
Put a high-quality finishing touch on your pedalboard with these MXR patch cables. The flat right-angle jacks promote a clean and tight board with pure tone.
This CBI QB-R quad box is rubberized for shock protection and features four 20-amp outlets, and 25 feet of length with a 12/3 SJOOW lead male power end.
Exceptional value in a speaker cable using copper outer shield and dual conductive PVC inner shields to protect signal quality.
Easily connect any device with a 1/8" stereo output to your mixer's standard 1/4" inputs, with this sturdy, affordable cable from Hosa.
Whether you're a DJ setting up a light show, or just need more length to connect your PC to your monitor, you'll need a good extension cord like this one.
Using rugged, nickel-plated plugs, you can connect your gear with unbalanced 1/4" TS outputs to XLR inputs with this handy interconnect cable.
Trust these high-quality microphone cables to deliver reliable sound on stage or in the studio. Monster's entry-level XLR, the Classic is a great value.
An affordable solution to your speaker cable needs, this Hosa Speakon cable is built from high-quality materials. Intended for high-current applications.
Plug in and start thrashing and slashing away with this versatile and durable dual instrument cable from Hosa -- perfect for stereo keyboards.
Pure copper conductors make these 16-gauge CBI Economy Speakon cables a great-sounding choice for connecting speakers to power amps or mixers.
Great sound integrity ensures that you're producing the best tone possible. Get better signal protection and durability with this premium guitar cable.
This Vox coiled guitar cable gives your rig a distinctive look -- and more importantly, it delivers clean sound thanks to oxygen-free copper conductors.
You can save yourself hassle and inches of cable by slipping this useful device onto the end of your cord and plugging directly into any Speakon jack.
Split your stereo signal into mono left and right with this 1/4" Y-cable, or plug it in to your mixer's 1/4" TRS insert jack to insert an outboard processor.
Wish your headphones had come with a longer cord? Make it longer with this Hosa straight mini plug headphone extension cable with 1/8" male and female ends.
Got a 1/4" TRS patch bay? Get signal flowing with this set of 8 TRS 1/4" balanced patch cables from Hosa. Color-coding helps you keep your cables organized.
Cut down on setup time: run your IEC power and XLR audio cables at the same time. Perfect for powered speakers, these cables bundle power and XLR together.
Connect RCA inputs and outputs in your stereo or DJ rig with Pig Hog's dual RCA cables -- perfect for sending a stereo pair of signals from place to place.
Run 16 mic/line channels to FOH -- and 8 returns back to the stage -- over a single Cat5 cable. The SD16 gives you 16 remote-controllable Midas mic preamps.
Go for these RockBoard flat patch cables when you need to connect pedals with side-mounted jacks up-close and personal, or just need a low-profile patch.
Maximize precious pedalboard space with these One Control right-angled MIDI cables. The cable end rotates to ensure they'll fit in the tightest of spaces.
Connect line-level XLR outputs to balanced 1/4" TRS inputs with these handy, flexible interconnect cables.
Never be stuck without a MIDI cable -- stock up with these 5-pin DIN MIDI cables for all your keyboards, controllers, modules and other MIDI devices.
Don't let a bad cable ruin your next gig. Test 3-pin XLR, 5-pin XLR, 1/4" TRS and TS, speakON, RCA, DIN, Ethernet, USB and more cables with the Hosa CBT-500.
Hosa Edge XLR cables are built to last. Stock up your studio with these microphone cables, made with oxygen-free copper conductors and Neutrik connectors.
Don't use just any Ethernet cable for pro audio applications. Armed with shielding and Neutrik EtherCON NE8MC plugs, CBI's Ultimate CAT5E is built to last.
Made with premium Mogami wire, this two-foot 1/4" to TA4F cable connects your guitar to your Line 6 digital wireless system's bodypack.
Neaten up that cable spaghetti with these dual 1/4-inch TRS balanced cables -- perfect for your keyboards or studio gear with left and right stereo outputs.
Connect your amp to a speaker system with this rugged, high-quality Speakon to 1/4-inch cable from Hot Wires, with 14-gauge wire to handle high-powered amps.
Power your Bose T1 or T4S ToneMatch mixer with this cable. It's a must if you're using a Bose S1 Pro, L1 Compact, or any PA with no dedicated ToneMatch port.
The CBI Gold Rush Instrument Cables combines stylish looks and superb cable performance. Cable color may vary.
Plug your MP3 player (or any media player with a 1/8" stereo output) into your sound system with a 1/8" stereo to dual RCA cable.
Connect a line-level mono XLR output to a line-level mono RCA input with the Hosa XLR male to RCA adapter -- another must-have for your audio bag of tricks.
Need a replacement power cable for your amp, computer, or TV? This Hosa power cable will power a ton of consumer, A/V, and live sound gear!
Need a power outlet? This cable powers your gear while adding an extra outlet. Clean up the back of racks by daisy-chaining multiple PWD-401 cables together.
Plug your balanced 1/4" cables into XLR line input jacks with these Hosa adapters -- perfect for when the cable you have isn't exactly the cable you need.
Get your commands from your DMX controller to your instruments everytime with this hearty lighting control cable from CBI.
RockBoard's top-quality flat patch cables, the Sapphire Series features gold-plated connectors and double shielding for tour-worthy durability.
Connect hard drives, MIDI controllers, or any USB device to your computer with this USB 2.0 cable with USB A to USB B connectors.
Put your sound in two places at once with this Hosa Y-cable. The YXM121 connects a single XLR output to two XLR inputs, with one female XLR to two male XLRs.
Here's the stage box to go with your digital mixer! Set up an SD8 on stage, and plug into 8 MIDAS mic preamps and 8 balanced XLR returns, plus ULTRANET I/O.
You can never have too many cables. This affordable XLR cable features internal strain relief for rugged reliability and OFC conductors for signal clarity.
Build your own 4-pole SpeakON cables with these top-quality Neutrik SpeakON plugs -- the industry standard connector for amplifer/speaker connections.
Made from Power Series 14-gauge wire with Neutrik Speakon and G&H Bigfoot adapters, this cable from CBI will help alleviate strain on your power amp system.
No matter how great your setup is, if it doesn't have power it won't work. No venue or studio should be without a selection of reliable extension cords.
Complete your Hendrix rig, or add style to yours with this Voodoo Child coiled cable. Its straight and pancake ends make it great between a guitar and pedal.
Connect two XLR sources to one XLR input with the Hosa Y cable adapter. It's ideal for combining two signals -- especially when you're out of mixer channels.
This adapter converts a 1/8" TRS stereo plug into a 1/4" TRS stereo plug, so you can plug your 1/8" headphones into pro audio gear with a 1/4" headphone out.
Always have an extra 1/4" instrument cable! With a braided exterior and one straight/one right-angle connector, this CBI cable is as tough as it is stylish.
No space for a straight plug? These balanced 1/4" TRS patch cables have L-shaped right-angle plugs to fit in tight spaces in your studio or live rig.
From MP3 players to the headphone jack on your keyboard, everyone's got a piece of gear with a 1/8" stereo output. Get connected with this balanced cable.
Wire up your pedalboard or rack any way you want it with 10 feet of cable and 10 straight connectors. George L's is the industry standard for DIY cables!
Consolidate that hodgepodge of wires you have flopping around stage, making your presentation instantly more professional and safe, with the CBI 16x4 Snake.
Plug an XLR microphone into a 1/4" TS jack with this cable. A serious value, these microphone cables are built to meet Audio-Technica's quality standards.
Connect your laptop, phone, or any device with a 1/8" headphone output to a pro audio mixing board with this 1/8" stereo TRS to dual XLR male adapter cable.
Wire up your pedalboard with Ernie Ball 1/4" patch cables. With flat 90-degree TS ends, these 6-inch cables are perfect for connecting your guitar effects.
These Lil Pigs go right between your pedals with a low-profile design and flexible cable to help keep your pedalboard as neat and tidy as possible!
Connect your Cymatic Audio uTrack24 recorder's 24 x 24 analog inputs and outputs to balanced TRS devices, with this set of six DB25 to 8TRS cable snakes.
Made by Native Instruments to work with the Traktor DJ iOS app, this cable splits the signal from your iPad/iPhone to headphones, and a set of main speakers.
Need to plug your mic cable into a rack effects processor? A XLR female to TRS male connector is an essential part of any studio or stage tool-box.
Bring in a phono-out effect unit to your mixing console or just set up your favorite record player -- this cable is great for a phono to 1/4" TRS situation.
Replace your old snake with one Cat5 cable! The Mini Stagebox 32i connects to your Soundcraft Si series mixer, giving you 32 mic/line inputs and 12 returns.
Put an end to awkward wiring on stage! This CBI MOXB extension cable is 30' long with seven outlets along its length, giving you a flexible power solution.
Get Mogami fidelity at a more affordable price with this Mogami CorePlus TS cable. Its single angled end provides versatile connection options.
Get Mogami quality and durability, plus silent operation! This Mogami Gold cable features a Neutrik Silent Plug for noise-free instrument swapping.
Need to send a stereo signal from one place to another? Don't make a tangled mess with two mono cables -- keep it together with this dual 1/4" TS cable.
A handy tool for guitarists, singers, audio engineers, or anyone on stage, the Hosa WTI-148G Organizer helps round up pesky loose cables and prevent shorts.
With 14-gauge wiring and OFC conductors, this Hosa 14-gauge 1/4" TS speaker cable is an affordable and reliable solution for sending high-current signals.
Organize your patchbay with this package of 8 color-coded Hosa 1/4" mono TS cables. Each patch cable has dense shielding for low-noise operation.
Quickly attach any personal audio device with an 1/8" stereo output to any single XLR input with this Hosa adapter cable.
Headphone cable too short? Extend the reach of your headphones and adapt the 1/8" plug to fit a 1/4" jack with this female 1/8" to male 1/4" extender cable.
Need to convert a line-level XLR output to an RCA input? Add this adapter cable to your collection -- it's got one XLR female end, and one RCA male end.
Connect an RCA mono output to a 1/4" TS input -- or vice versa. This adapter cable is useful anytime you want to send line-level audio from 1/4" TS to RCA.
Compatible with the Tascam DA88, Fostex RD8, Mackie SDR2496, and Mackie HDR2496, this snake connects eight TRS 1/4" connections to 25-pin D-sub.
Plug in to American-made quality and braided-shield protection, with the CBI BL Ultimate Series 20-gauge XLR female to 1/4" TRS male microphone cable.
Building a video wall with multiple ADJ AV6 or AV6X panels? This 3-foot data cable lets you easily connect panel to panel, vertically or horizontally.
Cut the cord and go wireless with this 2.5-foot instrument cable for Shure wireless bodypack transmitters. Just connect the 1/4" plug to your guitar or bass.
Sing your heart out with the help of these microphone cables from Hot Wires. An XLR to 1/4" connector end lets you plug into most balanced inputs.
Store your lights safely and easily with this gig bag. Its soft, padded interior has compartments that protect up to eight slim LED pars.
Why mess with two mono cables? Keep it neat and send a stereo pair of signals from RCA outputs to 1/4" inputs (or vice versa) with this dual-channel cable.
Connect TS (unbalanced) 1/4 in. to 3-pin XLR male with this Hosa Pro interconnect cable, featuring REAN connectors for a durable, reliable connection.
Plug in a Mogami Gold instrument cable and experience for yourself how Mogami earned its stellar reputation for transparent tone and silent operation.
Plug XLR line outputs into unbalanced 1/4" jacks with these Hosa interconnect cables. Rugged plugs and oxygen-free copper conductors ensure clear signals.
Round out your cable drawer with a selection of unbalanced 1/8" (3.5 mm) male to unbalanced 1/4" male cables from Hosa.
With 10 feet of cable and 10 right-angle plugs, you can make five custom-length patch cables to perfectly suit your pedalboard, keeping things neat and tidy.
Connect a Roland GK-series pickup to any Roland Guitar Synth, Roland V-Guitar System, or the BOSS "GK Effect" pedals with this cable.
Connect 20 amp products to be used in 15 amp outputs with this adapter cable. Includes internal breaker.
Connect this D'Addario Power Cable Plus to your amp and use its accessory outlet to plug your pedalboard, or any other device, into the same wall outlet!
Turn one headphone jack into two with this Y-cable. The Hosa YP118 adapter duplicates a stereo signal, sending single 1/4" TRS input to two 1/4" TRS outputs.
Build new cables, or replace your old SpeakON plugs with these genuine Neutrik connectors. The NL2FX is the 2-pole variety with chuck-type strain relief.
Mogami's top-of-the-line Platinum cables are designed to offer silent operation while bringing out a wide frequency range with the utmost sonic detail.
Don't get caught without the one Y-cable you need. Duplicate a mono signal with this 1/4-inch TS male to dual 1/4-inch TS female adapter from Hosa.
Need your signal to be two places at once? Split one XLR into two with this adapter. Made by CBI, this Y-cable has one female XLR and two male XLR ends.
If you need to connect an 1/8" jack on one end and a 1/4" jack on the other, then this tough and versatile cable may be just right for you.
Designed to minimize strain, the GXJ-183 adapter offers your rig increased input and output versatility.
This dual-shielded, dual-conductor cable from Ernie Ball is perfect for keeping your tone pristine and your stage clean thanks to tangle-resistant coiling.
Perfect for your KNS 6400 and 8400 headphones, this replacement cable from KRK allows you to connect directly into the amplifier.
Plug this genuine Bose cable into your Bose L1 Model II or Model 1S power stand to deliver clean and efficient power to your Bose ToneMatch digital mixer.
Plug these Hosa adapters into your mixer's balanced 1/4" output jacks to convert them to balanced XLR outputs.
Make longer connections on your pedalboard with this 1' Hosa cable. Its low-profile right angle plugs allows for close spacing of the pedals on the pedalboard.
Too many cables between your pedalboard and amp? Tangled up in an effects loop? De-clutter your rig with CBI's 4-channel Livewinder pedal patch snake cable.
Get your recording rig connected with this 8-channel multitrack snake from Hosa -- with color-coded 1/4" TS plugs for easy identification.
A must-have in the studio, these balanced 1/4" TRS patch cables have a straight plug at one end, and a space-saving right-angled L-shaped plug on the other.
Need to plug an XLR output into a 1/4" input jack? Grab this tough, flexible, and super-affordable XLR to 1/4" microphone cable from Audio-Technica.
A lifesaver for musicians plugging in an instrument with no volume control, this RapcoHorizon VCABLE has an on-board volume knob to adjust levels on stage.
Installing a lighting rig? Stock up on CBI economy DMX cables! These affordable 3-pin cables help you connect and control your lights and other stage gear.
Make up to 10 patch cables cut to your own customized length with this kit from Blackbird! A low-profile design keeps things neat and tidy.
These colorful instrument cables from Fender come in a variety of California-inspired colors, and feature heavy-duty 1/4" plugs for crisp clean sound.
These colorful Hot Wires 1/4" TRS balanced patch cables not only look cool -- their distinct hues will help you keep track of what's plugged in where.
Convert a stereo 1/4" TRS plug to a mono 1/4" TS plug with this adapter. It combines the stereo left and right sides, summing them into a mono signal.
Patch what you gotta patch with Hosa's multicolored unbalanced 1/8 in. TS cables. Designed for low-noise with OFC shielding and nickel-plated plugs.
Cut yourself some slack in the recording studio or broadcast booth. This stereo headphone extension cable has one male 1/8" end, and one female 1/4" end.
Clean up your signal chain with a pedal cable from Pig Hog. With 8mm wire and high quality 1/4" connectors, these cables are durable without altering tone.
Send a stereo 1/8" signal to left and right mono 1/4" TS inputs with this adapter cable. It's perfect for connecting a headphone jack's output to your mixer.
Connect your headphones' 1/8" stereo plug to a 1/4" stereo headphone output with this handy TRS adapter -- it's handy for practice and recording sessions.
Wiring a studio? Skip the soldering and pair these modular Planet Waves snakes with the connector ends of your choice (sold separately).
Get connected with this 1/8" TRS cable from Pig Hog -- perfect for plugging your device's headphone out into the 1/8" Aux jack on your amp or in the car.
Keyboardists: Don't mess with 2 separate 1/4" cables -- send your stereo signal with this dual TS cable. It's Mogami, so you know it'll sound like it should.
Maximize your signal strength with affordable 14-guage speaker cable from Audio-Technica. Its PVC jacket is strong to handle long-term use.
Playing acoustic? Trust the Monster Acoustic Guitar cable to reproduce your tone. This premium cable has one straight and one 90-degree-angled 1/4" plug.
Connect two 1/4" TS mono instrument cables with this female-to-female barrel coupler. This gender-bender adapter turns a 1/4" male plug into a female jack.
Connect an RCA output to an XLR input with this Hosa RCA male to XLR male adapter cable, made with silver-plated REAN connectors for a clean connection.
Built with oxygen-free copper wire with serviceable metal plugs, this tweed cable has an L-shaped plug that lies flat against your guitar, pedalboard or amp.
This rugged Ernie Ball cable features 99.99% oxygen-free copper wire and dual-shielded design for noise reduction, plus a shell that resists tangling.
Separate a stereo 1/4" TRS signal into left and right RCA mono signals with this breakout cable. It's got color-coded red and black plugs for left and right.
Convert audio from 1/8" stereo into dual RCA or vice versa with this Pig Hog adapter -- great for plugging a smartphone into a mixer or other PA equipment.
This right-angle cable from Shure is designed to connect a bodypack transmitter to any instrument with a 1/4-inch output.
Send MIDI back and forth with this color-coded 5-pin DIN dual MIDI cable from Hosa -- perfect for hooking up gear with 5-pin MIDI IN/MIDI OUT ports.
Intended for high-current applications only, not line-level signals, these speaker cables have one male TS 1/4" plug and one Speakon NL2 connector.
Eliminate interference with this instrument cable. Includes Planet Waves' innovative Geo-Tip design.
Maintain your signal's integrity through your entire rig! Mogami CorePlus patch cables feature a high-density spiral shield to eliminate noise.
Suit up with a Pig Hog Armor Clad cable! This cable is made extra durable with its conduit-style metal jacket, and features one angled end jack.
Need a microphone extension cable that is low-profile? This cable has a right angle connector on one end to keep your stage area looking neat.
Don't settle for any power cable -- this D'Addario cable uses 100% more copper than standard 18 gauge cables to help prevent degradation over time.
Turn two mono 1/4" outputs into a stereo headphone jack -- or split a stereo 1/4" signal into left and right mono -- with the Hosa YPP-136 breakout Y-cable.
At this price, there's no excuse not to get a cable tester! The CT100 tests XLR, 1/4", 1/8", RCA, and MIDI cables for continuity, phantom power, and ground.
Don't get stuck without a 1/8" to 1/4" TRS headphone adapter! Keep an extra adapter handy to plug consumer 1/8" headphones into a pro 1/4" headphone output.
The Hosa Y TRS Male 1/4" to Dual TS Female 1/4" cable is designed to split a stereo signal into two separate left and right mono signals.
End the unsightly and unsafe mess of tangled cords, and get organized with CBI's 24x8 audio snake with Neutrik hand-soldered 24 XLR and 8 TRS panel mounts.
Already rocking a Gibson guitar? Keep your signal path Pure with this luxurious Gibson cable's oxygen-free copper conductors and 24K gold over nickel plugs.
Patch together pedals or anything else requiring a short 1/4" TS cable with the Planet Waves PW-CGTPRA-03 Classic Series right-angle patch cable.
Save your audience's ears from loud sound bursts during on-stage instrument changes with this circuit breaker plug.
Built to handle the demands of high-current situations, these tough cables are not intended for line-level signals.
A ideal replacement power cable for computers, keyboards, amplifiers, and more, the Hosa 3-Wire grounded power cord plugs into any gear that has a C14 inlet.
Got an interface with D-sub connectors? Wire up your studio with these top-quality Mogami cable snakes -- and send 8 analog channels where they need to go.
Intended for high-current applications only, not line-level signals, these affordable 12-gauge speaker cables are built with durable black PVC jackets.
The Planet Waves Circuit Breaker cable features a latching cut-off switch that mutes your signal to avoid the "pop" sound when switching guitars on stage.
Turn any headphone, microphone or headset with a 1/8" plug into a USB device. This interface converts analog audio to 44.1/48 kHz, 16-bit digital audio.
Send HD video to your display with this HDMI cable. With an Ethernet channel for network connectivity, it's also great for smart TVs, DVRs and game consoles.
The more cables you've got, the more you need Cable Labels. Write on the white area, peel and stick, then cover your label with the clear protective layer.
See your patchbay connections at a glance with these multi-colored 1/4" TS patch cables. Available in straight or right-angle plugs for your pedalboard.
This Hosa SPDIF RCA to RCA cable is a true 75-ohm coax for accurate transfer of audio or video data and OFC spiral shielding for rejection of interference.
Designed to connect audio players to sound boards and PA systems, this dual XLR male breakout cable can serve a variety of live sound functions.
Rugged and high quality, Monster's Performer 600 cables feature Duraflex protective jackets and Twisted Pair construction to reduce interference.
Connect your digital snake or networkable device to your other networkable device with a trusty Hosa Cat-6 cable, notable for low crosstalk and system noise.
Plug a 1/8" TRS source (like your headphone output) into a 1/4" TS input (like your amp) with this adapter cable. Like all Pig Hog cables, it's made to last!
These Neutrik XLR male connectors are an update to a classic, with an easy-to-assemble design, die-cast zinc shell, and improved cable strain relief.
Neaten up your cables and save space! With two right-angled L-shaped ends, this 5-pin MIDI cable fits into tight spots in the back of rigs and racks.
Extend your cable runs with this female-to-female barrel adapter. Hosa's GPP105 TRS 1/4" turnaround coupler connects two 1/4" TRS plugs or two 1/4" TS plugs.
These durable insert cables with right-angle plugs make good splitters. The oxygen-free copper (OFC) conductors enhance signal clarity.
Perfect for plugging computers, smart phones, and MP3 players into a venue's mixing console, this durable Pig Hog TRS cable is made to endure heavy touring.
Got a Tascam DA88, Fostex RD8, Mackie SDR2496 or HDR2496? Get connected with the Hosa DTF800 snake cable's 8 female XLR channels and 25-pin D-Sub male plug.
Make up to 6 patch cables in the lengths of your choosing with this kit from Blackbird! Low-profile jacks make for a snug fit and sleek look.
Gold-plated contacts and jack housings give these RockBoard Gold Series flat patch cables even more durability and improved audio performance.
Prepare your pedalboard for serious touring with these 6" long, 8mm thick pedal couplers. A lifetime guarantee ensures that you always have working cables.
Perfect as a drum snake, the Hosa Pro-Conex Little Bro Snake has six XLR inputs and two 1/4-inch TRS sends for headphones or line-level signals.
Convert your 1/8-inch headphone cable to a 1/4-inch plug with the KRK screw-in headphone adapter. It's a must for any studio or practice space!
Adapt an XLR cable to a balanced TRS male input. No venue should be without a healthy stock of these useful adapters.
Simplify your setup and put the days of tripping over wires behind you by stocking up on right-angle pedal coupler cables from Hot Wires.
With nickel-plated plugs and oxygen-free copper conductors and spiral shielding, these 1/4" TS cables are ideal for connecting unbalanced gear in the studio.
This CBI snake's stage box is built to last, with hand-soldered Neutrik connectors on 16 XLR channels and eight 1/4" TRS returns.
Connect to mixer inputs/outputs, DJ gear, and any other stage or studio equipment that requires XLR to RCA with this thick, long-lasting, 6-ft Pig Hog cable.
Connect your amp head to your cabinet with this On-Stage 14-gauge speaker cable. It's built to last and covered by a limited lifetime warranty.
Building your own guitar cables? This Switchcraft right-angle L-shaped plug has large terminals for easy wiring, and its three pieces are simple to assemble.
Get connected with these Hosa Pro RCA cables. With silver-plated Neutrik REAN connectors and oxygen-free copper wire, they'll handle your signal with care.
Finding yourself without an XLR input is no problem when you've got the Shure C15HZ XLR to 1/4" TS microphone cable keeping you connected.
Cut yourself some extra slack, and connect to that headphone output that always seems just out of reach with this KRK 1/8" stereo headphone extension cable.
Connect consumer audio components to pro audio gear with these RCA to 1/4" adapters. Stock up on these Hosa adapters to plug RCA cables into mixers and more.
The Shure C25J is a hi-flex microphone cable with chrome XLR connections that provide great audio transmission signal along any path.
This versatile adapter combines both sides of a stereo signal to one mono signal on a 1/4" plug, or doubles a mono signal to dual mono on a 1/8" stereo plug.
Power your amp, your pedalboard and more! This stage-ready power cord gives you 3 outlets with plenty of room for wall-warts -- no need for a power strip.
Turn an 1/8-inch stereo signal into a single 1/4-inch mono connection with this adapter, or split a mono signal into two equal dual mono signals.
Upgrade your cables with these sturdy 2-conductor 1/4" male connectors from Neutrik. These plugs are easy to install and built to last.
Plug your trusty 1/4" speaker cables into Speakon jacks with these handy adapters from Hosa. Stock up on adapters for all your Speakon speakers.
No space to plug in a power cord? Save strain on your cables and space behind racks with this right-angle plug adapter -- perfect for tight spaces.
Build XLR cables with authentic Neutrik connectors. This female XLR plug has an ergonomic design with a large metal latch and durable die-cast zinc shell.
Perfect for connecting your power amplifiers to your PA system's speakers, these speaker cables from Hot Wires are flexible, durable, and long-lasting.
Your loudspeakers have SpeakON connectors, but your speaker cables have 1/4" TRS plugs. No problem -- these adapters convert your 1/4" cable ends to SpeakON.
Duplicate and route a single mono signal to two 1/4-inch TS connectors with this adapter from Hosa.
Neutrik's 3-conductor TRS 1/4" male connector comes in handy for a variety of applications, from guitar and audio, to snakes, speakers, and amplification.
Send and return effects on 4 channels with this insert snake cable. This snake has 4 TRS plugs to connect to your mixer's 1/4" insert jacks, and 8 TS plugs.
Plugging a microphone into a guitar amp? The CBI HiZ microphone cable makes connecting XLR microphones to equipment with unbalanced 1/4" inputs a breeze.
Link two NL2/4FC cables together, and lock the connection in place, with this NL4MMX 4-pole line coupler from Neutrik.
Performing solo with your BeatBuddy? Add this MIDI breakout cable to pair it with a MIDI-based looper pedal and you can layer parts with rhythm.
Join two 1/4" TRS speaker cables end-to-end with this 1/4" TRS barrel connector. With this handy adapter, you can turn two short 1/4" cables into a long one.
Connect consumer electronics or DJ equipment to a mixer or interface that has 1/4" inputs with the Pig Hog RCA female to 1/4" male dual-mono adapter 2-pack.
If you're building heavy-duty speaker cables or instrument cables, pick up some of these 1/4" TS plugs. They're sized to accommodate large-diameter wire.
Sum two XLR signals into one mono signal with this handy adapter. The CB2-402 Y-cable from CBI has two female XLR ends and one male XLR end.
Stock up on these quality 1/4" cables from CBI. Hand-soldered nickel connectors are reinforced with heat-shrink wraps to help withstand wear and tear.
Need a 12V trigger cable for turning audio components on and off? This 3.5mm (1/8") cable will do the trick. You can also use it for sending mono audio.
Use a Line 6 G70 or G75 live? Get connected with this Line 6 cable. This 24" cable features a locking jack to securely connect to your transmitter.
Duplicate a stereo signal to two identical stereo signals with this Y-cable. One end has a 1/4" TRS female jack, and the other has dual 1/4" TRS male plugs.
Transfer a mono signal from an RCA plug to a 1/4" male jack with this essential converter -- perfect for connecting mis-matched gear and DIY projects.
This XLR female to XLR female gender-bender barrel adapter connects the male ends of two 3-pin XLR cables, or turns a male XLR output into a female XLR.
Send a 1/4" TRS balanced signal down an XLR cable with this adapter. Every studio should have a few XLR male to TRS male connectors handy.
Connect your audio interface, USB keyboard, or USB microphone using this high-speed extension cable -- with burst data transfer rates up to 480 Mbps.
Connect a pair of 1/4" TS ouputs to a pair of RCA inputs -- or vice versa -- with this Hosa adapter cable. Two mono cables in one keeps your setup neater.
Easily and efficiently connect or control your lighting with the dependable Hosa 5-pin DMX lighting cable.
Split a stereo signal from an 1/8" jack into individual left and right mono signals each on their own 1/8" connector, with this Hosa breakout cable.
Test audio cables, data cables and lighting cables with dbx's CT3 Advanced Audio Cable Tester. The CT3 even splits into 2 parts for testing installed cables.
Headphones got you on a short leash? Cut yourself some slack with this stereo headphone extension cable with 1/4" TRS connectors -- a must-have for studios.
Hosa's GPR-484 adapter makes it easy to connect an audio device with dual RCA output to any powered speaker with a balanced 1/4" TRS input.
Turn a single 1/4" stereo headphone jack into two 1/4" stereo headphone jacks with this Hosa Y-cable -- so two listeners can hear the same stereo source.
Connect your 5-pin DMX compatible fixtures with the Hosa DMX 512 XLR5-M (male) to XLR5-F (female). Shielding and copper conductors ensure signal clarity.
Does your old keyboard use a special, hard-to-find power cable? This replacement power cord has a square end designed to fit older Korg and Roland keyboards.
Left your amp's power cable at home? Fear not! This handy power adapter from D'Addario makes any standard extension cable usable as an amp power cable.
Ideal for connecting a power amp to passive speakers, these CBI 16-gauge speaker cables include nickel connectors for a pristine signal.
Want to listen to your portable CD player with some serious headphones? This adaptor will easily convert a 1/4" male plug into a 1/8" male mini plug.
Build your own 1/4" TS instrument cables -- no soldering required! This kit makes it easy with 40 feet of cable, 6 right-angle plugs, and 4 straight plugs.
Does your console or interface use D-Sub DB25 connectors? Plug in this DB25 cable from Hosa, and send 8 channels of balanced analog audio over one snake.
Designed with right angle plugs for ease of use, the DiMarzio Jumper Cable provides you with extreme durability and minimal high-frequency loss.
Test DMX cables and audio cables of all kinds, even cables with a different connector type on each end, with the affordable and reliable CT2 from dbx.
By allowing you use your mixer's insert jacks as direct outs for recording, this cable offers a creative solution for live and recording applications.
Don't settle for unreliable patch cables! Providence P203 patch cables are optimized for their job: maintaining clear sound between your pedals.
Bored with black? Stock up on these red guitar cables. CBI's high-quality 1/4" instrument cable delivers a quality connection at an affordable price.
Extend your cables and solve connectivity problems with this MIDI female to female coupler that allows you to connect a MIDI male plug to another male plug.
If you need cable -- lots and lots of durable multi-purpose cable -- then a spool of CBI 14-gauge speaker cable is just what you've been searching for.
This Y cable duplicates a stereo signal to two identical stereo outputs -- use it to send a stereo 1/8" headphone output to two pairs of 1/4" headphones.
Connect your device's 1/8" stereo headphone output to a mixer or receiver with RCA inputs. This adapter cable converts a 1/8" TRS plug to stereo RCA plugs.
Get connected with this 1/8" to 1/8" stereo TRS cable -- it's perfect for smartphones, laptops, tablets and any device with a 1/8" TRS stereo headphone jack.
Never underestimate the importance of good instrument cables. With its In/Out technology, this cable reproduces the natural tones of your instrument.
Eliminate amateurish popping and clicking sounds every time you connect or disconnect your guitar, bass or other instrument with CBI's Ultimate Silent cable.
Wire up your pedalboard with cables you can trust! Pig Hog's Vintage Series patch cables feature a lifetime guarantee and come in a huge range of colors.
You can rely on these quality TS guitar cables from CBI, built with one right-angle 1/4" plug, one straight 1/4" plug, and a vintage tweed braided jacket.
Channel your guitar's natural tone with this instrument cable. It's special Geo-Tip design makes the plugs fit better -- for a more secure connection.
Channel your sound to two places at once with this Y cable, which is designed to duplicate mono signals.
Got a lot of cables to wrap? With this roll of AstroGrip velcro, you can cut your own cable ties to any length you need, and keep those cables firmly coiled.
Connect mixers or recorders that use a 25-pin D-Sub connection to gear with XLR inputs, using this D-Sub to XLR Male 8-channel snake cable.
Switch instruments without unplugging from your amp. Ampridge's Dual Guitar Adapter lets you connect two guitars into one 1/4-inch input on your amplifier.
Need a replacement cable for your Bose B1 bass module? This heavy-duty cable connects your Bose B1 to your Bose L1 Model I or L1 Model II's power stand.
Keep your cables neat and tidy and extend their life, by wrapping them in cable ties! This 10-pack of Planet Waves cable ties is super easy to use.
Cramped, tight spaces are no longer a problem when you plug a 1/4" cable into this adapter. It gives straight-end cables an angled plug for more flexibility.
Tidy up your DMX cable runs! This CBI snake converts up to four 3-pin DMX cables into one Cat-5 shuttle, keeping your wiring neat and simple.
Put the kibosh on pops and noises when you switch guitars on stage. The Circuit Breaker features a handy killswitch on the jack to mute your signal.
Always have an extra USB 2.0 cable! This cable has a Type A connector to fit your computer, and Type B connector for your audio interface or MIDI controller.
Useful in the studio, on stage, and at home, the Pig Hog XLR (male) to 1/4" (male) adapter cable is solidly built and comes with a limited lifetime warranty.
Split a mono signal equally to stereo left and right with the Hosa GPP-419. This adapter lets you plug a TS 1/4" source into a TRS 1/4" input.
Plug your guitar into your Shure GLX-D or ULX-D digital wireless bodypack with this cable. It's got a TA4F locking connector and a gold Neutrik 1/4" TS plug.
Bringing your S/PDIF or ADAT lightpipe gear on the road? This heavy-duty Toslink optical digital cable has tough metal headshells and a thick outer jacket.
This versatile Y-cable can function as a headphone splitter and in a number of other useful capacities.
Plug in your mics with pro-quality microphone cables. Monster Studio Pro 2000 XLR cables are built to last, with thick, tough casing and 24k gold contacts.
Plug RCA cables into 1/4" TS jacks -- and put them at a comfortable angle -- with these L-shaped adapters, designed to save space on your desk or gear rack.
You'll get a crystal-clear sound when you use this Neutrik Speakon chassis with silver-plated contacts to connect your Speakon cables to a supported source.
This Hosa headphone extension cable adds to the length of your headphones' reach and provides an 1/8" jack that connects to most consumer audio gear.
Want to plug your mixer's XLR line outputs into a standalone recorder's RCA inputs? The Hosa GXF-132 adapter has one female XLR end and one female RCA end.
Need a replacement power cord for gear with a polarized C8 inlet? Hosa's PWP-461 cable has a figure-8 C7 plug and an 8-foot cable to get you powered up.
Plug your 1/4" headphones into a 1/8" jack with the handy Hosa GMP112 adapter. It adapts a 1/4" stereo plug to a mini stereo 1/8" plug.
Does your studio gear have D-sub connectors? Made from Mogami cable, this 8-channel D-sub to XLR female snake is perfect for patch bays and audio interfaces.
Attention modular synthesists! Patch your Moog Mother-32 (or multiple Mother-32 synths) with Moog's official 1/8" patch cables. This set includes 5 cables.
Need to send the RCA "tape out" of your mixer to a recorder with XLR inputs? This Hosa adapter plugs into an RCA jack and converts it to an XLR male output.
Indispensable for live sound and recording, the Mackie MTEST-1 cable tester lets you verify the integrity of your cables, and is powered by one 9v battery.
Need some extra slack for your headphones? This 1/4" headphone extension cable stretches out to 25 feet, and stays neatly coiled when you're not using it.
Always keep some extra 1/4" instrument patch cables on hand for pedalboard emergencies! At this price, you can afford to stock up without breaking the bank.
This 3-pin male to male coupler allows you to connect two XLR cables with female ends together. It's perfect for connecting two microphone cables.
No headphone output? Merge two mono 1/4" outputs into a stereo signal for your headphones' 1/8" stereo plug, thanks to this dual TS to TRS Hosa adapter.
Mogami Overdrive Rugged cables combine Platinum-grade uncolored sonic fidelity with improved durability for use on tour or on studio sessions.
Going on the road? Make sure to stock up on spare power cables. This IEC cable will power mixers, powered speakers or any gear that uses a 3-prong IEC plug.
Don't be stuck without this adapter! Use it as a tip-send/ring-return insert cable, or split a 1/4" stereo headphone output into a pair of 1/4" mono signals.
Every venue, studio and practice space needs a cable tester! Check your XLR, 1/4", 1/8", Speakon, RCA, MIDI, USB and RJ45 cables with the Behringer CT200.
Connect a 1/4" TRS cable to an XLR jack with this 1/4" to XLR adapter. Keep these connectors on hand for running balanced audio, on stage or in the studio.
Connect your audio interfaces and digital mixers with S/PDIF and ADAT I/O with this Alva Professional Toslink optical cable.
Terminate a 3-pin DMX-512 daisy chain with this Hosa XLR Male terminator, which features a 120-ohm resistor for a safe termination.
Got a phone, iPod, laptop or music player with a 1/8" stereo headphone output? Connect it to a stereo pair of RCA jacks with this right-angled adapter cable.
Connect your studio or home theater with these Toslink cables -- ideal for 8-channel ADAT lightpipe optical digital or 2-channel S/PDIF digital connections.
Send an RCA mono signal to two places with this Y-cable. With one RCA male end and two RCA female ends, this handy Hosa adapter duplicates a mono signal.
Adapt a mono 1/4" signal to a 1/8" stereo mini-jack with the Hosa GMP386 adapter. It applies your mono signal equally to stereo left and right.
Ditch the mess of tangled cables and restore order to your pedalboard with these pedal couplers. They're great for keeping your signal chain short and sweet.
With In=Out technology, you can be sure this cable will transfer crystal-clear sound thanks to solid nickel-plated plugs and oxygen-free copper conductors.
Overbuilt for durability in grueling situations, this 14-gauge Speakon to 1/4" high-performance speaker cable comes with Pig Hog's lifetime guarantee.
Power up your amp and pedalboard with an outlet to spare -- this 25-foot extension cord has three outlets and heavy-duty insulation for life on the road.
Want to connect your MP3 player's 1/8" stereo headphone jack to your receiver's RCA inputs? This handy stereo RCA to male TRS 1/8" adapter plug can help.
Cut yourself some slack -- this 10-foot coiled headphone extension cable has a stereo 1/8" female jack on one end and a stereo 1/8" male plug on the other.
Put that awkward headphone jack at a comfortable angle, or neaten up the back of your rack or keyboard rig with this L-shaped adapter for 1/4" TRS plugs.
Fill your pedalboard with pedals -- not tangled cables. These 1/4" couplers directly connect two effects stompboxes together, shortening your signal chain.
Connect your iPod or phone's headphone output to your car stereo's Aux input -- or connect any two 1/8" jacks -- with this 3.5mm TRS to 3.5 TRS cable.
You can use this right angle adapter as a headphone or headset adapter. It's built to adapt a mini stereo 1/8" plug to a submini stereo 2.5 mm jack.
Plug your Rode VideoMic into a standard XLR input with this handy adapter. This Rode VXLR adapter converts the 1/8" minijack output to a 3-pin XLR plug.
Get your pedalboard to match the look of your amp! This Pig Hog patch cable features an amp grill-pattern woven jacket to up your cool factor.
Plug 1/4" mono cables into RCA input jacks with these simple adapters from Hosa. Stock up on the GPR104 adapters for all your 1/4" cables.
Conveniently recharge your Relay G10 transmitter without a receiver. Connect this cable to any USB-powered charging port for quick and easy recharging.
Don't get caught without a connection for your stereo setup -- split an 1/8-inch stereo signal to dual RCA with this breakout cable.
Connect an external microphone to a DV camera -- or your phone to your car stereo's aux jack -- with these 1/8" stereo minijack cables with 90-degree plugs.
These Hosa guitar cables feature Neutrik plugs and 20 AWG Oxygen-Free Copper conductors for added resistance.
Split a single RCA signal into two identical signals, or merge two RCA signals to one input -- however you use this Y-cable, it's great for DJ rigs and more.
Turn a single 1/4" stereo headphone jack into two 1/4" stereo headphone jacks with the GPP-359 male 1/4" TRS to dual female 1/4" TRS adapter from Hosa.
Need to plug an RCA cable into an XLR line input? Add this RCA female to XLR male adapter to your audio bag of tricks.
This adapter converts a male 1/4" TS plug to a male RCA plug. Grab a pair of these CBI connectors to run 1/4" outputs into RCA stereo inputs.
Got a console, interface or mixer with D-sub analog I/O? With balanced TRS 1/4" ends, this 8-channel Mogami snake sends your signal wherever it needs to go.
Eliminate cable "spaghetti" from your work space. Thread cables and wires through this flexible plastic tube to clean up and minimize tangled cables.
Building instrument cables? Stock up on these 1/4" TS plugs. Designed for unbalanced mono signals, they're ideal for guitar cables and speaker cables.
Need to stock up on mic cables for your stage or studio? Strukture XLR cables eliminate wasteful packaging, so you get quality cables for a great price!
You love their strings, so expect the same Ernie Ball quality in their instrument cables. These cables provide unmatched durability with super clear tone.
Leave the soldering iron at home. George L's cable connectors let you fully customize your rig simply by tightening a plug around a cable end.
Connect two pairs of stereo headphones to a single 1/4" headphone jack with this stereo Y-cable. Each 1/4" female end passes both sides of the stereo signal.
Need to send a 1/4" stereo headphone output jack to a pair of 1/4" mono inputs? Split a stereo 1/4" signal into left and right 1/4" sends with this adapter.
Keep this XLR female barrel coupler handy in case you run into a connection jam. This gender changer allows you to connect two XLR male cable ends.
Connect TS (unbalanced) 1/4 in. to 3-pin XLR female with this Hosa Pro interconnect cable, featuring solid REAN connectors and OFC spiral shielding.
Got a camera, camcorder, or other device with an HDMI Mini output? Connect it to your HDTV or video monitor with this HDMI Mini to standard HDMI cable.
Get your pedals snug and up-close as possible with these Pig Hog pedal couplers. Their 24K gold plating ensures a pristine audio connection.
This adapter converts a 1/8" stereo signal to a 1/4" stereo signal, and adds a right angle and cable extension to reduce stress on your gear's 1/8" jack.
Extend the range of your passive speaker rig with this CBI PCI14 PowerCON extension cable. This cable adds 5 feet of 14-gauge wire to your setup.
For when you need reliability at an attractive price, this snake offers you individual shielding and double layers of heat shrink tubing for peak durability.
Duplicate a mono RCA signal with the Hosa YRA-105 adapter. This RCA Y-cable has a single female end and a dual male end to send a RCA source to two places.
Power two keyboards, an amp and pedalboard, or your computer and monitor. The 14-inch Hosa Grounded Power Y-cable saves space anywhere you need two outlets.
Need an extension cord for your audio gear? This NEMA 5-15R to NEMA 5-15P extension cord features low-resistance OFC conductors and a flexible PVC jacket.
Guitar and bass players can use this handy coupler to connect their effects pedals together -- shortening their signal chain and eliminating tangled wires.
Stock up on these On-Stage instrument cables so you're never left disconnected! These 1/4" cables feature one angled and one straight jack.
Need to adapt a speaker cable to a 1/4-inch plug? This adapter cable from Hosa does just that, with its low-stress design and oxygen-free copper conductors.
Need to plug a mic into a 1/4" input on your mixer? This handy CBI adapter lets you plug a male XLR cable in and send audio through a 1/4" cable.
Get your pedals up close and personal. These CBI patch cables feature flat "pancake" connector jacks and flexible 20-gauge wire to fit in tricky spots.
Extend the length of your headphone cable in the studio or when DJing. This adapter cable also converts your 1/8" jack into a 1/4" jack.
Save space on your pedalboard or hardware station. RockBoard flat right-angle MIDI cables make your setup less cluttered and more space-efficient.
Connect your external USB hard drive or USB audio interface to your computer. This USB 3.0 cable has one USB Type A connector, and one USB Type B connector.
An ideal replacement cable for a wireless guitar system, this Audio-Technica Hi-Z cable has a 1/4" plug that connects to a locking 4-pin Hirose connector. It's compatible with any Audio-Technica wireless system that uses a UniPak bodypack transmitter.
Get your pedalboard looking as good as it sounds. With this solderless cable kit, you can cut power cables to custom lengths and tidy up excess wire clutter.
Tangled up in blue? Not with these CBI braided blue guitar cables -- the nylon braided jacket is designed to lie flat and look sharp.
Add to your D'Addario custom wiring setup with these DIY mini plugs! Choose from a 2-pack of power connectors or audio plugs to expand your signal chain.
Does your speaker system's power amplifier have banana plug outputs? Convert them to 1/4" jacks with these adapters, so you can run your 1/4" speaker cables.
Easily extend the reach of your RCA cables by connecting them together with Hosa's handy 2-piece RCA female-to-RCA female adapter set.
Buying in bulk can save your budget and give you some financial wiggle room. Purchase an entire spool of mic cable -- 250 or 500 foot lengths -- and save.
Rid your venue of unwieldy cable runs once and for all. This snake includes 24 XLR inputs and 4 TRS returns.
Connect your MP3 player's 1/8" headphone jack to an RCA cable with this Hosa adapter, which splits a stereo 1/8" signal into dual RCA female left and right.
Keep your pro audio and video gear time-synchronized with this Hosa BNC word clock cable. This 75-ohm cable has BNC male connections.
Connect a professional microphone to a camcorder or portable recorder with this handy adapter cable. It connects an XLR output to a mini stereo 1/8" jack.
Split a stereo signal into two mono signals with this adapter. One end has a stereo right-angle 1/8" plug, and the other has dual RCA left and right jacks.
Crowded pedalboard? Shorten your signal chain with Hosa Pedal Cranks. Each of these dual right-angle 1/4" plug couplers can patch two effects pedals neatly.
Love your Shure SE earbuds but wish they were more smartphone friendly? Add this cable and get an inline mic and playback controls for your earphones!
Made to power an ADJ AV6 video wall, the ADJ MPC015 is a 15" main power cable with an Edison plug and Neutrik PowerCon connector for your AV6 or AV6X panel.
You can count on Hosa for high quality coaxial cables for all your video and word-clock applications. Each cable is rated at 75 ohms and is 6 feet long.
Build your own RCA cables from these top-quality Neutrik RCA shielded barrier connectors. These standard male RCA plugs are affordable and built to last.
Need an extra 1/4" guitar cable? The braided outer casing of this CBI cable not only looks cool -- it helps protect the cable from wear and extend its life.
With this Mogami 1/4" TRS cable's Neutrik Silent Plug connection on one end, you can swap guitars during a show without assaulting your audience's ears.
This 1/8" to XLR adapter splits a stereo TRS 1/8" plug into left and right XLR -- perfect for plugging a consumer device's headphone jack into your mixer.
Grab some balanced 1/4" TRS cables to wire up your studio. These 20-gauge CBI cables have Neutrik nickel 1/4" connectors and braided shielding.
Got a microphone with a 1/8" (3.5mm) output? This adapter cable lets you record the mic to a mobile device with a TRSS jack -- while listening on headphones.
Need to connect RCA and 1/4" TS inputs and outputs for your audio setup? With this color-coded snake cable, you can connect up to eight channels.
Build cables of any length with this D'Addario kit. It's completely solderless -- just cut a piece of cable and attach connectors by tightening a set screw!
Connect your Rode PinMic lavaliers and Rode HS1 headsets to third-party wireless bodypacks with a 1/8" TRS input, with the Rode MiCon-2 TRS 1/8" adapter.
With 8 remote-controllable XMAX preamps, 8 XLR line outs, and 2 AVB ports, the PreSonus NSB 8.8 is the perfect stagebox for your StudioLive Series III mixer.
Do you have a turntable which requires a ground wire? Use this Hosa stereo interconnect RCA cable, with right angle connectors on one end and OFC shielding.
Convert your 5-pin XLR-M cable to a 3-pin XLR-F with this DMX adapter from Hosa. A few of these around when setting up your lights can save a lot of hassle.
Connect power amplifiers to passive speakers with these speaker cables from Hosa, with oxygen-free copper wire and banana plug terminations on both ends.
Trust this double-shielded Hosa DRA Series cable for S/PDIF runs and RCA video runs. This 75-ohm coax cable has gold-plated RCA plugs with strain relief.
Keep connected and organized with this color-coded 8-channel snake. It's great for home theaters or mixing consoles.
Free your guitar from the constraints of cables with this Audio-Technica wireless input cable. It's compatible with UniPak wireless transmitters.
Wiring up a speaker system? Add banana plug connectors to raw speaker cable ends with these Hosa dual banana connectors.
Coaxial cables are a must-have for setting up external antennas for your wireless mic system. You'll need these reliable, double-shielded 50 ohm coax cables.
Now hear this. C.B.I. Professional Wiring Systems' 2-conductor banana connector allows you to plug in your PA like a pro -- without having to pay like one.
Build cables with the industry-standard connector: Neutrik NL4 Speakon plugs. These robust twist-latching connectors have Neutrik's chuck-type strain relief.
Split a mono 1/4" signal to two RCA connections, or to combine a left and right RCA signal to one 1/4" mono female jack with this durable Hosa Y-cable.
This CBI CAT5 cable reel has a built-in locking CAT5E panel and stretches out up to 300 ft. A matte-finish PVC jacket protects your cables from wear.
By downsizing the iconic RAT distortion circuit to fit inside a 1/4" jack, the Pro Co Rat Tail provides all the dirt you need inside of a guitar cable.
Give life to your old, worn-out cables or just create your own with C.B.I.'s American-made XLR male connectors -- a must for the DIY musician or engineer!
These Pig Hog Armor Clad cables don't just look tough -- they are tough! Made with a conduit-style metal jacket, they're flexible but built to last.
Ernie Ball's 30' coiled cable lets you cover a large stage and get noise-free operation. Dual straight ends make it great for guitars with angled jacks.
Connect a C7 compatible appliance to 2-prong wall power with the Hosa IEC C7, which features OFC conductors for low resistance and a durable PVC jacket.
Share your music with this cable. Hosa's male 1/8" TRRS to female TRS adapter has a slim connector designed to fit through your tablet or smartphone's case.
No room to plug an audio cable into your laptop? Put that stereo 1/8" jack where you want it with the Hosa GMP-272 L-shaped 90-degree adapter.
Send 8 channels over one cable with this D-Sub to D-Sub snake. Wired with Mogami cable, these high-quality snakes are made to last a lifetime in your studio.
Great for a wide array of pro-audio applications, this Hi-Z cable features XLR female and TS 1/4-inch male ends.
Connect your PreSonus AVB gear with this 150-foot Cat-5e Ethernet snake, built with sturdy 24 AWG wire, a flexible PVC jacket, and rugged locking connectors.
Need to send a mono signal to two different places? Convert a single 1/4" mono output into 2 identical 1/4" mono outputs with this Pig Hog splitter Y-cable.
Need to connect pro video gear to consumer video gear? With a female RCA end and a male BNC end, this adapter converts an RCA video signal to a BNC signal.
Hook up your speakers with high-quality cables. Intended for high-current applications, these speaker cables have banana plugs on both ends.
So your light fixtures have 3-pin DMX inputs, but your light board has a 5-pin DMX output? No worries -- convert 5-pin DMX to 3-pin DMX with this adapter.
Connect two female XLR cable ends, or turn an XLR input into an XLR output, with the Hosa GXX144 XLR male to XLR male barrel coupler adapter.
Power up your video wall. Made from 14 AWG gauge copper with Neutrik PowerCon connectors, these 3-foot power cables link your ADJ AV6 and AV6X video panels.
Connect your synths and samplers -- the CK1 split cable kit is ideal for many Elektron Audio products and for audio or CV/gate interfacing in general.
Need to build instrument cables? Making some patch cables for unbalanced gear? These high-quality Neutrik 1/4-inch TS plugs will help you get the job done.
Do you need to split a stereo signal? Use this adapter from Hosa to split the output from your 1/8" stereo jack to left and right color-coded 1/4" plugs.
Get the 1/4" TS cables you need for your rig -- without paying for wasteful packaging! Strukture delivers quality instrument cables at an affordable price.
Easily connect two effects pedals together with this Music People PC305 angled coupler, and make the tangled mess of cables a thing of the past.
Building a wall panel for a studio or venue installation? Repairing a snake stage box? Stock up on these CBI XLR female panel mounts for your mic channels.
Love listening to your V-Moda headphones with your smartphone? Add this Speakeasy cable for an inline mic plus volume and playback controls.
Keep your studio workspace nice and tidy with this patch cable holder from Hosa. Accessory bins on each side keep adaptors and other small accessories handy.
Need some extra slack? The KRK KNS In-Line Volume Control Cable extends your headphone cable length and lets you adjust volume with its built-in slider.
Need signal duplicators for modular synth fun? With the Hosa GMM-105 Knucklebones 1-to-5 splitter you can layer patches or send one signal to five sources.
Got 3-pin DMX cables, and a DMX controller with 5-pin output? Easily convert a 5-pin male XLR output to a 3-pin female XLR with this Hosa adapter cable.
Running a modular synth with mono 1/8" inputs? Hosa Hopscotch patch cables make it easy to jump your signal to other input points for more flexibility.
Got a Rode HS1 headset with a MiCon connector? With this MiCon-10 adapter, you can it into your MIPRO wireless bodypack transmitter's 4-pin mini XLR jack.
Need an IEC power cable? Grab the Hosa PWA-421 adapter -- it converts an extension cord with a NEMA 5-15 socket into an IEC power cord with a C13 connector.
Which channel is the lead vocal? Keep your faders labeled with this scribble strip console tape. It's easy to remove and leaves no residue on your gear.
With one USB Type A connector and one Micro-B connector, this USB 3.0 cable is perfect for connecting external hard drives or smartphones to your computer.
Connect securely with this quality input cable from Audio-Technica. It links UniPak transmitters and Lo-Z mics with XLRM-type outputs.
Eliminate phase issues with this handy adapter. Add the Hosa GXX-195 to a line-level XLR cable run to cross pins 2 and 3, flipping the signal's polarity.
Does your DJ rig or studio gear have RCA connectors at an awkward angle? Put connectors where you need them with these female-to-male right-angle adapters.
This coiled replacement cable from Audio-Technica will keep your ATH-M40x and ATH-M50x headphones running if you've lost or damaged the original cable.
Connect multiple 1/8-inch cables together with this useful coupler. The Hosa GMM-303 works with either mono TS or stereo TRS plugs.
Building a wall panel or stage box? This Hosa XLR female jack has silver-plated contacts and a nickel-housed Neutrik connector to stand the test of time.
No 1/8" headphone jack on your iPhone? Plug your Shure SE215, SE315, SE425, SE535 or SE846 earphones into an iOS device with Shure's Lightning adapter cable.
Connect a camcorder's RCA output to a pro video BNC input -- or vice versa -- with this Hosa adapter. It has one male RCA plug and one male BNC connector.
Turn a stereo pair of RCA outputs into a 1/8" headphone jack with this Hosa cable adapter. Or, use it to convert an 1/8" plug into a pair of RCA plugs.
Invest in patch cables you can count on! This 3-pack of D'Addario patch cables features 90% spiral shielding to eliminate most handling noise.
This D'Addario Custom Series cable not only gives you a cool vintage look -- its coiled design means increased capacitance for a warmer, smooth tone.
Wrangling a lot of DMX cables? Neaten up your lighting rig -- run up to four DMX lines on one Cat5e cable with CBI's SH3-4M 3-pin DMX to Cat-5 Shuttle Snake.
Need to make a compact board or want to tidy up your existing board? The Blackboard CK-3 kit includes enough cable and ends to make 3 patch cables.
Don't risk tripping over cables in high-traffic areas -- simply slip the Defender over your cable runs to keep them tidy and shielded from pedestrians.
Add some personality to your rig with a distinctive cord. The perfect match for your vintage tweed amp, this CBI braided cable delivers clear sound.
Got a TC-Helicon vocal effects processor? Now you can remote-control your FX right from your vocal mic! Just add this adapter to your dynamic XLR microphone.
With a pair of balanced 1/4" TRS plugs on each end, this Hosa Pro cable is perfect for connecting keyboards, DJ gear, or effects processors with stereo I/O.
Need to extend a BNC cable? This barrel coupler connects two BNC cables with male plugs -- so you can put your word clock or video gear where it needs to go.
Use this cable to extend the cable on your Rode Lavalier, PinMic, or HS1 headset. Add a MiCon adapter on the end to connect it to XLR, 1/8", or other jacks.
Compatible with both USB 1.1 and 2.0, this extension cable from Hosa is perfect for your USB mic, audio interface or any device with a USB type A connection.
IF you've misplaced or broken your Audio-Technica headphone cable, fear not! This replacement cable connects to your ATH-M50x or ATH-M40x headphones.
With an extended jack for connecting to smartphones and other devices through a protective case or sleeve, this Pig Hog 1/8" to RCA Y-Cable is built to last.
Split a stereo signal into left and right. With a 1/4-inch TRS Male on one end and dual RCA female on the other, this adapter fits 1/4" headphone outputs.
Connect any standard handheld microphone to your Sennheiser EW series bodypack via the USCM1 XLR-to-1/8" microphone cable.
Building your own XLR cables? Build them at the right angle and the rotation you like, with these slim, low-profile L-shaped Neutrik male XLR plugs.
All hail the Cab Driver! Use this signal generator to test speakers, check ohms, and flag down issues like blown drivers and speaker cabling polarity errors.
Daisy-chaining multiple DMX light fixtures? Add this 120-ohm DMX-512 terminator at the end of the chain to prevent issues with weak or distorted DMX signals.
Want to use your own headphones on an airplane? This adapter converts a pair of 1/8" mono jacks to a stereo 1/8" jack, so you can plug in your headphones.
Building a video wall with ADJ AV6 or AV6X LED panels? Run this 50-foot data cable from your video processor to your first panel.
Roland makes it easy to get connected. Plug a line-level or instrument-level 1/4" source directly into your computer with the RCC-10-US14 Black Series cable.
Extend your equipment's reach with these right-angled power cables. These babies unclutter racks so you can leave more gear plugged in and ready to go.
Always be able to connect your headphones to any device! This On-Stage adapter allows you to plug headphones with a 3.5mm (1/8") connector into 1/4" outputs.
This easy-to-use and quick-to-attach connector makes it simple to couple VGA cables, or any two video or data cables with male DE15/HD15 connectors.
Not a conventional TRS-to-TRS cable, this special cable connects a mixer's direct outs to your Cymatic LR-16 recorder's inputs. Includes two 8-channel looms.
Connect more with your music with Neutrik's 1/4" male mono TS connector, built with a diecast shell and precision-machined one-piece contacts.
Does your stereo microphone have a single XLR-3 output? Connect it to your camcorder's stereo 1/8" mini-jack with this female XLR to 1/8" adapter from Hosa.
Designed to fit Audio-Technica ATH-CKR100, ATH-CKR90 and ATH-CKS1100 earphones, this detachable cable has A2DC connectors and a stereo 3.5mm (1/8") plug.
This adapter has one female RCA end and one BNC female end. Use these couplers to connect your pro video gear's BNC cables to consumer video RCA cables.
Split a 1/4" stereo output (like a stereo headphone jack, or dual pickup system) into individual left and right 1/4" mono channels with this Fishman Y cable.
If space is tight in the back of your rack or keyboard rig, save space with this right-angled IEC power cord. It works with any gear that has a C14 inlet.
Connect your Rode HS1 and lavalier microphones to a variety of body pack systems without any signal loss using the Rode MiCon connector system.
With a mini 2.5mm plug and A2DC right and left outputs, this detachable replacement cable fits Audio-Technica headphones like the ATH-MSR7, ATH-SR5 and more.
Convert a BNC video signal to a RCA video signal with this Hosa cable adapter. This cable has one BNC male connector plug, and one RCA male connector plug.
Built to fit over-ear Audio-Technica headphones, this 3.5mm detachable cable has a smooth cloth-wrapped sheath with one straight end and one right-angle end.
Connect your computer's DVI monitor output to a HDMI TV or monitor -- or plug an HDMI source in to a DVI monitor -- with this HDMI to DVI-D adapter cable.
Go beyond the camera-mounted mic -- extend the reach of your Rode VideoMic GO or VideoMicro shotgun microphone with Rode's TRS 1/8" minijack extension cable.
Connect your guitar or bass to a Shure wireless bodypack with this Neutrik 1/4" to TA4F cable. Push the button to quickly unlock the cable from the bodypack.
With a built-in cable strain relief that fits right into the Rode PG2-R pistol grip shock mount, this short XLR cable is the perfect match for shotgun mics.
So you've got Dante audio networking, but you just need to run 2 channels of analog line-level XLRs? This AoD (Analog over Digital) adapter has you covered.
The DB25 female coupler is great for joining two core cables for custom lengths and is designed for use with Planet Waves' Modular Snake series.
Extend two mono RCA cables for longer length with this handy RCA-female to RCA-female mono adapter 2-pack, built solidly by Pig Hog for short-free operation.
Wire your pedalboard with a brand you trust -- Monster. These short instrument cables give you one straight 1/4" TS plug and one right-angle 1/4" plug.
Need an XLR mic cable that can stand up to the rigors of the road? Klotz's M2 XLR microphone cable boasts an extra-thick jacket and Neutrik XX connectors.
When a power strip is overkill, this dual power cable is perfect for running power to two pieces of gear in your studio rack or portable recording rig.
Extend your headphone cable length and convert your 1/4" plug into an 1/8" plug. This adaptor cable lets you plug pro headphones into consumer devices.
Need to send your mixer's XLR line outs into your recorder's RCA inputs? These Hosa GXR-134 adapters have one XLR female end, and one RCA male end.
Does your audio gear have 1/8" minijack mono inputs? Convert an RCA plug to a 1/8" mono TS mini plug with the Hosa GRM-114 adapter.
Does your Mac's headphone jack have a digital audio output? Plug in an optical cable and get 5.1 audio with this stereo mini Toslink to Toslink adapter.
Connect your pro gear with the OFC connectors and balanced phone jacks of the Hosa CSS845 1/4-inch patch cables.
Hosa's straight-to-right angle guitar cables offer Neutrik plugs and 20 AWG copper wire for perfect signal clarity.
Build your own instrument cables quickly and easily with these nickel-plated plugs by George L -- no soldering required. All you need is a screwdriver.
This 1/4" to 1/8" cable is a direct replacement for the cable included with Fishman's V100 and SBT-C pickup systems.
This 1/4" straight-to-right-angle-jack cable is a direct replacement for the cable that comes with Fishman's BP-01 bass pickup.
This Defender MINI 3-cable protector keeps your cables organized and safe from foot traffic and rolling gear. This non-slip protector works indoors and out.
Don't risk a shoddy cable ruining your performance! This D'Addario DIY cable tester lets you quickly diagnose the problem for both audio and power cables.
Protect against accidental disconnects using this wireless transmitter cable, with one Neutrik XLR-F connector and one locking Switchcraft mini connector.
Rid your PA system of unsightly cable runs. This CBI snake includes 32 XLR channels and 8 TRS sends.
Install this male XLR panel mount to your studio wall, stage box, or anywhere you need to run balanced audio. CBI's tough build quality ensures long life.
Get connected with this Audio-Technica replacement headphone cable, with A2DC connectors to fit ATH-LS400, ATH-LS300, ATH-LS200, ATH-LS70 or ATH-LS50 models.
Connect your Audio-Technica ATH-LS400iS, ATH-LS300iS, ATH-LS200iS, ATH-LS70iS or ATH-LS50iS earphones to a 4.4mm balanced output with this replacement cable.
With AD2C connectors and a 1/8" plug, this replacement detachable cable fits Audio-Technica ATH-LS400, ATH-LS300, ATH-LS200, ATH-LS70 and ATH-LS50 earphones.
Connect your A-T in-ear headphones to a 2.5mm balanced output. This replacement cable fits ATH-LS400iS, ATH-LS300iS, ATH-LS200iS, ATH-LS70iS and ATH-LS50iS.
Connect your Audio-Technica ATH-CKR100iS, ATH-CKR90iS or ATH-CKS1100iS in-ear headphones to a 5-pole 4.4mm stereo balanced output with this replacement cable.
Need to plug into a 2.5mm balanced stereo output? This replacement headphone cable fits Audio-Technica ATH-CKR100iS, ATH-CKR90iS and ATH-CKS1100iS earphones.
Plugging into a 4.4mm balanced headphone output? Get connected with this detachable cable for Audio-Technica ATH-SR9, ATH-ES770H, and ATH-ESW990H headphones.
Need a new detachable cable for your Audio-Technica headphones? With A2DC connectors, this cloth-wrapped cable fits the ATH-SR9, ATH-ES770H, and ATH-ESW990H.
Need a replacement cable for your Audio-Technica headphones? With 3.5mm (1/8") stereo plugs on each end, this one fits the ATH-MSR7, ATH-WS1100 and ATH-AR5.
Need a new cable for your Audio-Technica BPHS2 broadcast headset? Audio-Technica's BPCB2 replacement cable is designed to fit all models of BPHS2.
Connect your guitar's output jack to your wireless transmitter with this rugged Audio-Technica cable. It features one 1/4" jack and a locking cH connector.
Going wireless is easy with this Audio-Technica wireless guitar cable -- just plug one end into your guitar and the other into the bodypack!
Does your wireless mic have a cW-style connector? Connect it to your bodypack transmitter with cH 4-pin connector with this Audio-Technica cable!
Bluetooth wireless meets Bose noise-cancelling! QuietComfort 35 II headphones feature an inline mic for taking calls and interacting with Google Assistant.
An updated classic, these A-T headphones are a recording studio staple. They even come with 3 detachable cables: coiled, short straight and long straight.
The studio standard for vocal tracking and critical listening, these semi-open-back AKG K240 headphones come with a detachable, replaceable 10-foot cord.
With a frequency response of 5 Hz to 40 kHz, Pioneer HDJ-X10 headphones bring you the full spectrum of your mix through 50mm drivers in a fold-flat design.
Break free from wires! These Bose SoundSport headphones include custom DSP for well-tuned EQ at any volume and their wireless design is perfect for the gym.
High output, high isolation! Great for drummers or studio producers, these comfortable closed-back circumaural phones offer linear response down to 8 Hz.
With these earbuds, Shure brings their incredible in-ear-monitor technology to an affordable price point. The SE215s stay put and deliver detailed sound.
Designed for discerning ears, Sennheiser's finest reference-class headphones deliver truly transparent, natural reproduction with extremely low distortion.
Pioneer brings wireless connectivity to their renowned HDJ series in the HDJ-X5BT. Enjoy a comfortable fit, full-range sound and easy Bluetooth pairing.
Treat your ears to some real DJ cans. With memory-foam earpads in a folding design, Pioneer HDJ-1500 headphones deliver great sound and serious isolation.
Bose SoundLink II Around Ear headphones wirelessly connect to your mobile device, providing 15 hours of playback and phone calls from a single charge.
Use Westone AM Pro 30 in-ears are worthy of any live scenario. Their triple-driver design and three-way crossover ensures true high-fidelity monitoring.
Be comfortable when mixing! Pioneer HDJ-X5 headphones are designed to be flexible, so you can fold or swivel either earcup to your liking.
Hear the whole mix in these closed-back cans from Audio-Technica! An update to the ATM-M40fs, M40x headphones include detachable coiled and straight cables.
Built to last with metal hinges and a fold-flat design, these closed-back, over-ear Sony MDR7506 headphones are a staple in the recording studio and on set.
Treat your ears to the incredibly comfortable fit of UM Pro 50 Signature earphones and the amazing sound from their five balanced armature drivers.
Pro studio cans for a great price! With a strong, lightweight design, AKG's gold K92 closed-back headphones deliver a wider frequency response than the K72.
Designed for DJs with 50mm drivers for crisp, full bass and swiveling earcups for comfort, Pioneer HDJ-X7 headphones are your mixing companions.
Reach for the upper echelon of in-ear monitor design with Shure SE-846-BT1s. Their innovative low-pass filter allows for crystal-clear sound on any stage.
Customize your fit with Shure SE535s. These triple-driver earbuds come with detachable, replaceable cables and 6 sets of ear tips to fit any listener.
A killer value in closed-back, over-the-ear monitor headphones, Audio-Technica's ATH-M30x 'phones deliver sonic accuracy and a convenient collapsible design.
Trust these accurate, natural-sounding open-back headphones for monitoring and critical listening. HD600s feature a detachable cable and adjustable headband.
Stock your studio with these closed-back cans. With replaceable ear cups and cord, the SRH440s are made to last, and deliver a wide, flat frequency response.
With frequency response from 5 Hz to 40 kHz and cups that seal around your ears to block noise, you'll hear your mix in new clarity on ATH-M70x headphones.
Made by DJs for DJs, Numark Red Wave Carbon headphones deliver full-range sound via 50mm drivers and stay comfortable thanks to breathable leather earpads.
Quality headphones don't have to be expensive. With a closed-back design, large 40mm drivers and adjustable headband, Samson HP30s feel good and sound great.
Stock up on headphones for the classroom or library. The HMP1000s give you a comfortable padded headband, single-side cord, and 1/8" plug with 1/4" adapter.
Need to stock up on tracking-room cans? A great value, AKG K72 headphones deliver a neutral response, serious isolation, and a strong-yet-lightweight build.
Hear the details in your mix with a pair of Tascam TH-02 headphones. These comfortable studio cans deliver full-bodied, uncolored sound.
Great for studio drummers, these headphones seal firmly around your ears, isolating you from 25 dB of ambient noise -- so all you hear is your headphone mix.
Use them onstage as in-ear monitors -- or immerse yourself in music anywhere. Shure SE425s are loaded with dedicated tweeters and woofers for detailed sound.
In-ear monitors just got a lot cooler. Westone UM Pro 20 in-ears deliver lows and highs with dedicated dual drivers, so you can hear everything on stage.
Lose the wires, not the sound quality! Audio-Technica ATH-WS660BT headphones are powered by 53mm Deep Motion drivers for impeccable, full-range sound.
Numark's HF150 foldable DJ headphones are made to fit in your DJ bag. You won't believe they're equipped with 40mm drivers -- that is, until you put them on.
MEE Audio's second generation M6 Pro earphones improve upon the originals with revised tuning above the 2kHz range for more precise mids and smoother treble.
Shure's SE215-UNI in-ears provide reliable single-driver design, supreme sonic isolation, and a communication cable for taking calls and playback control.
Recording a huge ensemble? Got a classroom full of music students? Behringer's HPS3000 headphones to the rescue. These headphones get the job done for less!
Shure SE535 in-ear monitors deliver excellent isolation and spacious sound with triple drivers. Includes detachable Bluetooth wireless and wired cables.
PreSonus HD9 monitor headphones are a perfect fit for home studio engineers -- their 45mm drivers deliver clear, uncolored sound and wide frequency response.
Treat your ears to Shure's top-shelf closed-back monitor headphones. Extremely durable and comfortable, the SRH940s are built for a long life in the studio.
Audio-Technica's high-end open-backs, ATH-R70x headphones create a realistic soundstage for mixing with exceptional high-frequency response.
Bose's QuietControl 30 noise-cancelling headphones feature a slim neckband, comfortable in-ear fit, 10-hour battery life and volume-optimized EQ.
Do headphones weigh you down? Not the Sennheiser HD 25. Great in the studio or DJ booth, these lightweight on-ear headphones get loud without distorting.
Lightweight and comfortable, these in-ear headphones offer superb range and dynamic responsiveness while blocking up to 37 dB of ambient noise.
Hear your music with breathtaking clarity, thanks to these earbuds' 4 drivers and 3-way crossover. An in-line mic makes the W40s a great fit for your iPhone.
Boasting impressive features for their price point, like 40mm drivers, on-board mic and playback controls, ATH-S200BT Bluetooth headphones are a great value.
Stand out with the futurist look of V-Moda Crossfade headphones -- they pair wirelessly to your devices via Bluetooth and offer a hidden mic to take calls.
Put on these super-comfortable closed-back cans and be impressed. Built Shure tough with replaceable ear pads, the SRH840s deliver incredibly accurate sound.
Get Pioneer HDJ sound and style for a nice price. HDJ-700K DJ headphones give you a rotating earpiece for single-ear monitoring, replaceable cables and more.
Enjoy your music on the go with a pair of Audio-Technica's ATH-AR3BT Sonic Fuel headphones. With seamless pairing to your phone, they're great for travel.
Go wireless! These Bluetooth earphones give you up to 8 hours of battery life, along with the deep bass and sound isolation that Shure SE215s are known for.
With a portable, fold-flat design and rotating earcups for one-ear DJ-style monitoring, ATH-SJ11 headphones deliver Audio-Technica quality for a great price.
Avantone MP1 MixPhones headphones let you monitor in stereo, mono, or even a mode that simulates the midrange-focused voicing of Avantone Mixcubes monitors.
Pair the ATH-SR5BT headphones to your mobile device and listen wirelessly! With big 45mm drivers, these comfortable headphones yield a full sonic spectrum.
Shure's SE425 in-ears give you the sonic isolation and clear sound Shure earbuds are known for, plus a detachable Bluetooth cable for wireless listening.
Trust the audio pros at Sennheiser to create a reliable, affordable in-ear. The IE40 PROs feature a dynamic 10mm broadband transducer for precise sound.
Built with crystal-clear drivers and including detachable ear tips for an ergonomic fit, Mackie MP-240 in-ear monitors stay comfortable after hours of use.
Hear your whole mix in Tascam TH-MX2 headphones. These closed-back monitors fit comfortably around your ears and have neodymium drivers for pristine sound.
Mix in comfort with Shure's premium closed-back cans. The SRH1540s push out an impressive 5 Hz to 25 kHz range. Replacement earpads and cables are included.
The Sennheiser HD25 PLUS includes the classic HD25 headphones, plus an extra set of ear pads, straight and coiled cables, and a velour pouch to carry it all.
Get even more into your music by getting more out of your headphones. Shure's SRH750DJ pro DJ headphones deliver comfort, quality, and world-class audio.
With clearly defined highs and luscious lows, these DJ headphones deliver a wide and delightfully responsive frequency range.
Perfect for long flights, these headphones "listen" to the surrounding environment -- and actively cancel it out, reducing environmental noise by up to 85%.
Affordable and ready to plug into anything with their included 1/4" adapter, these SonicPro headphones deliver rich sound through 40mm drivers.
Experience thick bass and clear vocals with Mackie MP-220 dual dynamic driver in-ear monitors -- their ergonomic design stays comfortable for hours of use.
Comfort or style? Quality sound or good noise-cancellation? Don't compromise -- you can have it all with Audio-Technica's ATH-MSR7NC headphones.
Get deeper into your music and shut out distractions with Audio-Technica's ATH-ANC700BT QuietPoint noise-cancelling technology and Bluetooth connectivity.
With proprietary 53 mm drivers and a broad 5 Hz - 45 kHz frequency response, Audio-Technica's ATH-A2000Z monitors will bring out new detail in your mixes.
With individually matched 40 mm neodymium drivers, these audiophile-worthy open-back Shure headphones deliver enhanced clarity over a broad frequency range.
Audio-Technica brings their noise-cancelling technology to the affordable ATH-ANC20. Reduce outside noise by up to 80 percent and hear just your music.
Make mixing a little more comfortable with Pioneer HDJ-S7 headphones. These on-ear headphones feature 40mm drivers for a super-wide 5 Hz to 40 kHz response.
Bring Pioneer DJ quality into the recording studio with these closed-back monitor cans in a fold-flat design. HRM-6 headphones include 3 detachable cables.
Upgrade your earbuds to CR-Buds Plus earphones. With dual drivers in each ear, the CR-Buds+ deliver clarity and rich bass with robust Mackie build quality.
These affordable headphones deliver what DJs need: foldable swiveling earcups, a removable cable and 1/4" adapter, and plenty of output with 50mm drivers.
Surround your ears in clear, brilliant sound with a pair of KRK KNS 6400 headphones -- a must-have mixing tool when you can't listen over speakers.
With an extremely broad frequency response of 5-40,000 Hz, ATH-DSR9BT bring you audiophile-grade sound quality, plus advanced Bluetooth wireless performance.
With 6 drivers -- dual drivers for low, mid, and high frequencies -- Westone W60 Signature series earphones can be counted on for dynamic, accurate sound.
Replace your old KRK KNS 8400 headphone ear cups with these replacement cushions, and keep your ears comfy while keeping outside noise where it belongs.
Hear the finer details through the noise of the crowd, night after night, with these comfortable and durable headphones.
With precision-tuned drivers and an ergonomic shape, Mackie MP-120 in-ear monitors are designed for comfortable long-term use on-stage or at rehearsal.
Audio-Technica's ATH-ESW990H headphones' 42 mm drivers produce a wide frequency response, while their sycamore enclosures help deliver articulate high-mids.
Listen to your favorite songs with clarity and comfort. Shure SRH240A headphones feature 40mm drivers that produce full bass and help block outside noise.
Monitor like a pro with Audio-Technica E40 in-ear monitors. Thanks to A-T's dual-phase push-pull drivers, these IEMs offer great sound with less distortion.
Fully wireless with a subtle neck band, V-Moda Forza Metallo wireless in-ear headphones are built to last with sweat-resistant electronics.
Playing drums in the studio? Wear KAT KTU126 Ultra Isolation headphones, and you'll hear exactly what's being picked up by the microphones on your kit.
Great-sounding earphones don't have to cost a fortune. Treat your ears to Mackie CR-Buds in-ear headphones, with an in-line mic and remote for smartphones.
Running on a purely digital circuitry with no need for a digital-to-analog converter, these wireless headphones provide an extremely clear response.
Experience clear and accurate monitoring with these KRK closed cans, complete with memory foam padding for isolation and comfort.
Audio-Technica's M series headphones have long been favorites of engineers and producers. Stock up on closed-back studio cans with the affordable ATH-M20x.
Pick up a pair of pro DJ phones -- Audio-Technica ATH-PRO5X headphones are built rugged and deliver distortion-free performance, even at high levels.
What do you get when you take the technology of Shure's high-end SE-series in-ear monitors, and put it in a super-affordable earbud? You get the Shure SE112.
Dual drivers and a 2-way passive crossover network give the Westone AM Pro 20 in-ears exceptional frequency response for on-stage monitoring.
An update to an industry standard, AKG K240 MKII headphones deliver lower impedance, higher sensitivity and accurate frequency response from 15 Hz to 25 kHz.
Treat your ears to Audio-Technica ATH-MSR7 headphones. These audiophile-worthy cans come with luxurious memory foam earpads and a detachable smartphone cord.
MEE Audio M7 in-ear monitors pair a 10mm moving coil driver with a balanced armature driver dedicated to low end -- perfect for drummers and bassists.
Take Pioneer quality into the studio with HRM-7 headphones. Built for comfort and accuracy, they deliver an impressive frequency response of 5 Hz to 40 kHz.
Do you bring your headphones everywhere? With its convenient adjustable strap, this sturdy case makes it easy to keep your headphones safe at your side.
MEE Audio Matrix Cinema headphones feature CinemaEAR technology, giving you four sound enhancement modes to create a truly immersive experience.
Bigger drivers mean bigger bass. Audio-Technica's sleek, foldable ATH-WS55 headphones feature 40 mm drivers in an acoustically sealed circumaural design.
Treat your ears to Etymotic Research mc3s -- these noise-isolating earphones passively block outside noise so you can hear your music and calls clearer.
Every desk needs one! With the String Swing CC59 desktop headphone stand, you'll always have a place for your headphones in your studio, office, or bedroom.
Go wireless! Connect to two different Bluetooth devices at once and enjoy rich, full sound and a comfortable fit with MEE Audio N1 Bluetooth earphones.
Runners -- these X8 earphones were made for you! With flex wire earhooks for a secure fit and sweat-resistant coating, they stand up to rigorous workouts.
If music fuels your workouts, ATH-SPORT50BT earphones keep you going with wireless operation for up to 6 hours on a charge and securely fitting ear hooks.
Get great sound whether connected with a cable or wirelessly! ATH-SR6BT headphones are easy to pair with your smartphone and include on-board controls.
Durable, reliable and accurate, Etymotic Research mc5 earphones passively isolate your music, blocking outside noise with included ACCUFit ear tips.
Utilizing powerful 45mm drivers, ATH-M60X headphones offer studio-grade clarity and a comfortable fit thanks to memory-foam earpads.
Just starting studio work? With its exceptional bass extension and clear midrange, the Samson Z25s make a great pair entry-level studio headphones.
Designed to bring excellent sound quality to active listeners, Fender PureSonic in-ear headphones feature 9.25mm drivers and sleek, contoured shape.
Just as at home in your ears on stage or on-the-go, Fender IEM Nine Pro in-ear monitors deliver pristine, uncompromising sound directly to musicians.
Got a pair of Shure SE215, SE315, SE425, SE535 or SE846 earphones? Just detach the old cable and add this one to turn them into Bluetooth wireless earphones!
Designed with comfortable oval-shaped earcups, these closed-back headphones help you hear every detail of your music -- for a price that's musician-friendly.
Power up your commute! These Audio-Technica wireless Bluetooth headphones bring the boom with their proprietary 53mm Deep Motion drivers.
Get more out of your in-ears. A-T's flagship E-Series in-ear monitor, the ATH-E70, houses three balanced armature drivers for extended frequency response.
Audio-Technica's QuietPoint headphones reduce environmental noise by up to 95%, with noise-cancelling modes for airplanes, noisy offices, and studying.
Get Pioneer sound, build quality and isolation in an affordable tracking-room headphone. The HRM-5 headphones include detachable coiled and straight cables.
Love your KRK KNS 8400 headphones? Keep your head feeling as comfortable as it did on your first listen, with this replacement headband cushion.
These Westone Am Pro 10 single-driver earphones are hand-crafted with a high-fidelity filter so you hear an ideal blend of ambient sound and monitor mix.
Choose the ER4SR for studio-quality, flat-response audio, or go with the ER4XR for a touch of added low-end response. Either way, you'll get top-grade audio.
With stunning striped ebony cups, A-T's ATH-W5000 headphones offer head-turning looks, complete comfort, and rich, massive sound via 53 mm neodymium drivers.
Outfitted with flex-wire earhooks to stay in place even as you move around, MEE Audio X6 wireless Bluetooth headphones provide clutter-free listening.
Shut out background noise with Audio-Technica's noise-cancelling headphones. This set includes cables for Apple devices, in-flight entertainment and more.
Sennheiser HD 200 PRO headphones' sealed fit filters out ambient noise, and their 20-20,000 Hz frequency response lets you hear the full spectrum of your mix.
Treat your ears to Audio-Technica's open-back ATH-AD1000X headphones. With large 53mm drivers, these super-accurate cans are perfect for critical listening.
Lightweight and wireless, MEE Audio X7 in-ear headphones pair to your phone via Bluetooth, making them perfect for working out or commuting.
With large 53 mm drivers in a surprisingly lightweight design, the ATH-A1000Zs are monitor headphones you'll find comfortable even after hours of listening.
Perfect for beginner DJs, Gemini DJX03 DJ headphones deliver must-haves -- like swiveling cushioned earcups and a 1/4" adapter -- for an unbeatable price.
In the studio or on the go, listen to your music in Orange headphones. These closed-back, noise-isolating cans are built to last with stainless steel arms.
Do your earphones have detachable MMCX connectors? Just add this Bluetooth cable to go wireless! It's compatible with Shure, Westone, Ultimate Ears and more.
Lightweight and comfortable, these headphones deliver thumping low end and crisp highs. An 1/8" to 1/4" adapter and 6-foot cord is included.
Lightweight and constructed with efficient 42 mm drivers in stainless steel enclosures, Audio-Technica ATH-ES770H headphones marry great style and sound.
Lose yourself in music. Luxurious and lightweight, these audiophile-worthy headphones deliver a frequency response of 5 Hz - 42 kHz, thanks to 53mm drivers.
Sporting Bluetooth wireless functionality and rich, deep bass response, these Audio-Technica in-ear headphones bring the boom wherever you go.
Get Audio-Technica quality and wireless freedom for a nice price! ATH-CRK35BT Bluetooth earphones give you 7 hours of playback with an in-line mic for calls.
Got one too many pairs of headphones lying around? Hang them up with these Audio-Technica headphone hangers! They're easy to mount on a desk or shelf.
Keep your ears as feeling as comfy as they did on your first listen with the KRK KNS 6400 headphone replacement earpads.
Create immersive binaural recordings with Sennheiser Ambeo smart headset recording headphones. Compatible with Lightning connector Apple devices only.
Great if you need a few pairs of studio phones -- or for full, deep sound on a budget -- Audio Technica's ATH-AVC400s sound great and don't break the bank.
It's time to go wireless! Audio-Technica's ATH-CK200BT Bluetooth headphones free you from cords and bring out the best in your music with 9mm drivers.
Don't sacrifice audio quality when listening on your phone! Etymotic Research hf3 earphones block up to 42 dB of noise, letting you focus on the music.
Luxurious lambskin ear cushions, convenient collapsible design, and dynamic range make the Samson Z45 headphones great for long hours of use in the studio.
Go wireless and enjoy incredible sound! Audio-Technica's CKR75BT in-ear headphones pump out an incredible 5 Hz - 40 kHz frequency response for full sound.
Want more bass? The Audio-Technica ATH-WS770iS over-ear headphones deliver whopping bass and clear midrange through its huge 53mm Deep Motion drivers.
This Shure RMCE-USB-C cable is compatible with SE series earbuds and Android phones. Its integrated DAC ensures clear, defined sound.
An ideal choice for the gym or on your commute, MEE Audio X7 Plus earbuds connect wirelessly via Bluetooth and provide an inline mic for taking calls.
These lightweight, open-back headphones are made for comfort. Big 53 mm drivers envelop you in detailed, natural sound without putting pressure on your ears.
Don't fret if you've lost your cable -- your headphones can still live on! This replacement cable fits Audio-Technica ATH-M40x and ATH-M50x headphones.
Perfect for live monitoring, mixing, or DJing, AKG K-175 on-ear headphones feature AKG's unique ergonomic design for a comfortable fit on long sessions.
The Audio-Technica ATH-AD900X headphones' powerful 53 mm drivers and open-back design lend a spacious sound to your music with excellent separation.
Need studio headphones? These comfortable over-ear headphones provide plenty of isolation with dense foam earcups, plus a 10-foot detachable straight cable.
With field-replaceable parts, your KRK KNS 6400 headphones will last and last. This replacement headband cushion keeps your headphones feeling comfortable.
Bolstered by Audio-Technica's Dual Bass venting system, the two 12.5mm push-pull drivers inside the ATH-CKS1100iS deliver unbridled low end to your eardrums.
Audio-Technica's ATH-SR5 on-ear headphones pack 45mm drivers into a slim design for full-range audio with deep bass, as well as an in-line mic and controls.
Treat your ears to luxurious sound. Equipped with dual 53mm drivers set in a sleek teak wood housing, the ATH-W1000z headphones deliver high-def audio.
Fender PureSonic Bluetooth in-ear headphones provide the freedom of wireless listening plus deliver rich, detailed sound through their dynamic micro drivers.
Pair these earphones with your Bluetooth device and enjoy wireless freedom! The Audio-Technica ATH-CKR55BT gives you 7 hours of playback, 200 hours standby.
Show your headphones you care by making sure to store them in this protective KRK headphone bag. It's a must for keeping out the dust!
Encourage good habits early on with these small-sized isolation headphones for kids. A must for protecting young drummers' ears, they reduce noise by -22 dB.
Get Audio-Technica sound and style for an affordable price. These sleek, foldable on-ear headphones' 40mm drivers lend depth and definition to your music.
The ATH-WS1100iS closed-backs deliver highly accurate, crystal-clear sound and booming bass thanks to its powerful 53mm Deep Motion Drivers.
Listen to your music and nothing else. ATHANC50iS noise-cancelling headphones filter outside noise up to 87% and have thick earpads for comfort.
Equipped with 8.5mm drivers, the ATH-CLR100iS SonicFuel earphones deliver crisp, detailed sound. An in-line mic lets you take calls without missing a beat.
Hear your mix in clear detail with Samson Z35 closed-back headphones. They feature high-sensitivity 40mm drivers for a robust 20Hz-20kHz frequency response.
Built to last with a detachable cable and sweat resistant design, MEE Audio M6 ProV2 in-ears bring you stunning audio quality wirelessly through Bluetooth.
Etymotic ER3 earphones produce incredible sonic detail thanks to precision-matched balanced armature drivers, and offer up to 42 dB of noise isolation.
With a built-in mic for taking calls, fast NFC pairing, and a sleek folding design, these Bluetooth headphones deliver 10 hours of audio playback per charge.
Add this next-gen Bluetooth cable to any Shure earphones with detachable MMCX connectors and get high-res wireless audio with up to 10 hours of battery life.
MEE Audio X5 wireless Bluetooth earphones are designed to stay in your ears and stay comfortable all day, with no cumbersome cords getting in your way.
Audio-Technica's ATH-E50 IEMs bring the sonic signature of ATH-M50 headphones to an in-ear design. Flexible memory cables loop over your ears for a cozy fit.
Meet your new running partner: V-Moda Forza sport headphones are sweat and weather resistant, with detachable fins for the perfect fit no matter what.
Built for uncompromising sonic clarity, AKG K-275 headphones feature 50mm transducers for rich, detailed sound, plus a foldable design for easy travel.
Need to do some critical listening? Put on a pair of Z55s! They have the largest drivers of the Z series -- 45mm -- and a 10 Hz - 25 kHz frequency response.
Slick and ready for duty, the low-profile design of ATH-PRO7X DJ headphones is only matched by their powerful 45mm drivers for deep, rich sound.
Shure added Bluetooth to their SE112 earphones! Get the freedom of wireless headphones with the sound isolation, deep bass and comfort you expect from Shure.
Take your listening to the next level with V-Moda memory foam cushions. Compatible with Crossfade series headphones, these make studio sessions comfortable.
Don't just lay your headphones on top of your desk -- rest them on a proper stand! This K&M stand's flat rubber pads help keep it from slipping.
A perfect fit for your workout routine, Fender PureSonic Premium wireless in-ear headphones pair to your phone via Bluetooth to deliver hi-fi sound anywhere.
With their 9.8mm drivers producing clear highs and mids, plus an inline mic and controls, these SonicFuel in-ears score in audio quality and functionality.
These Audio-Technica earbuds sit securely in your ears without entering the ear canal. The universal controls and an in-line mic let you take and make calls.
Add a microphone and playback controls to your favorite pair of Shure SE earphones! Adding this adapter cable is an easy swap.
EarBoost EB1 wireless headphones are enhanced by MEE Audio's EarBoost app, which lets you tailor the sound to complement your personal hearing curve.
Style meets comfort with these Audio-Technica earphones. With many sizes of C-tips and eartips, they're built to stay in place while delivering clear sound.
With a lightweight and accurate 10mm aluminum voice coil, MEE Audio Pinnacle P1 in-ear headphones deliver crisp transients and bass down to 20 Hz.
Set yourself free when you listen to music -- these Audio-Technica Bluetooth earbuds wrap around the back of your neck, with nothing in the way as you move.
The 11.8 mm Hi-Res Audio drivers in the Sound Reality in-ear headphones deliver crystal-clear audio and fit perfectly thanks to four included ear tip sizes.
This bundle includes a pair of Fender FXA-2 in-ear monitor earphones, and a PreSonus HP2 headphone amp -- the perfect duo to try out in-ear monitoring!
With dedicated low/mid/high drivers in each ear, Audio-Technica's ATH-LS300iS earphones immerse you in sound. Includes cable with in-line mic and controller.
Experience the spacious, transparent sound of open-back headphones! AKG K245 headphones help you discern the audio separation crucial to a good mix.
Get surprisingly deep bass from the ATH-CKS550iS earphones, courtesy of their 9.8mm Dual Magnetic Field drivers -- and take calls via the inline mic.
ER4 microPro earphones deliver audiophile-grade sound with no need for an external headphone amp. Just hook up to your smartphone for great sound on the go!
Going for a run? Slip on the comfortable ATH-SPORT1 in-ear headphones and listen to music or take phone calls while you exercise.
With its 8.5mm drivers, the ATH-COR150iS SonicSport in-ear headphones deliver crystal-clear sound for your music, phone calls, and videos.
Add this Bluetooth receiver cable to your MEE Audio M6 Pro in-ear monitors to turn them into wireless earphones, and stream audio from your phone or tablet.
With a sporty look and high-performance sound, V-Moda Forza Metallo headphones promote sonic isolation with their BLISS 3.0 silicone earbuds.
Go wireless with MEE Audio's Matrix3 Bluetooth headphones, and listen in style with their memory foam earpads and dark denim accents.
With active noise-cancelling plus a sound-isolating in-ear design, these Audio-Technica QuietPoint earphones shut the world out so you can enjoy your audio.
Need affordable DJ headphones? These comfortable cans deliver serious bass. The earcups rotate back or forward, maintaining head contact for less leakage.
Stock up on affordable headphones for the classroom or computer lab. These over-the-ear, closed-back cans provide solid bass performance and sound isolation.
Step up to Mackie MC-250 headphones for critical listening. With a reference-quality 50mm driver, these studio cans offer pristine sound and a robust build.
ATH-LS50iS in-ear headphones create an incredible "live music" sound thanks to their Dual Symphonic Drivers. The angled housings provide natural isolation.
MEE Audio's Pinnacle P2 earphones make high-fidelity accessible with a phone-friendly low-impedance design, ergonomic fit, and smooth, warm audiophile sound.
With its pivoting ear hooks, the ATH-SPORT1iS SonicSport in-ear headphones fit comfortably on your ears and stay in place while you work out.
The lightweight Gemini DJX-07 headphones offer rotating earcups with a collapsible design, 50 mm drivers, and a frequency response of 16 Hz - 20 kHz.
Don't get your headphones all tangled up with your other cables and gear! Keep them stowed in this handy On-Stage headphone bag to extend their lifespan.
With 50mm drivers for clear, detailed sound, comfortable earcups and headband, and a detachable cable, Mackie's MC-150 headphones are ideal for the studio.
From the blue-ring accent lights to the removable straight cable, the Stanton DJ Pro 4000 is a seriously high-quality DJ headphone for an unheard-of price.
Take superior sound everywhere you go. These stylish Italian earphones feature a built-in mic, detachable ActiveFlex sport earhooks and a tangle-free cable.
Relieve the pressure on your temples and stay comfortable behind the mic with this official replacement pad for the Audio-Technica HPHB2 broadcast headset.
Audio-Technica BPHS2 broadcast headphones are built to last, but some parts can use freshening up. Freshen up your worn headband pad with this replacement!
Keep your Audio-Technica BPHS2 broadcast headset feeling fresh and comfortable with this set of replacement memory foam earpads.
Freshen up your earpads and get that cushy comfort back! These white Audio-Technica earpads are a perfect fit for ATH-M50x headphones.
Audio-Technica ATH-WS99BT headphones blend Bluetooth freedom and audiophile sound. Large 53mm drivers and a Double Air Chamber system enhance bass response.
Made to stay in your ears during workouts, these Audio-Technica ATH-SPORT70BT headphones are IPX5 waterproof certified, so they can be washed after use!
The ATH-SPORT2 SonicSport earphones are great for listening to music while working out. Powerful 10mm drivers deliver crisp, detailed sound.
Stream music wirelessly and take calls from your smartphone with Audio-Technica ATH-S700BT headphones -- a great value in Bluetooth over-ear headphones.
The powerful "Dual Symphonic" 8mm drivers within the Audio-Technica ATH-LS70iS earphones bring a new degree of sonic realism to your listening experience.
Go wireless and enjoy high-fidelity audio with Audio-Technica ATH-DSR5BT neckband headphones, with Pure Digital Drive tech to reduce sonic degradation.
Perfect for workouts, ATH-CKX5iS earphones grip to your ear for supreme stability and comfort, while delivering a wide 15 Hz - 22 kHz frequency response.
Generously padded and housing large 40mm drivers, these active noise-cancelling ATHANC70 headphones from Audio-Technica let you enjoy your music in peace.
Compact and comfortable, ANC23 earphones go anywhere you go -- and their QuietPoint technology helps block out up to 90 percent of outside noise.
These open-back headphones won't put pressure on your head. Great for vocalists, their large 53mm drivers deliver spacious sound with clear highs and mids.
Audio-Technica ATH-A550Z headphones pair large 53mm drivers with bobbin-wound voice coils for premium, studio-grade sound quality.
Audio-Technica fit four balanced armature drivers in the LS4000iS for incredibly rich sound. Stainless steel and Tritan resin construction ensure durability.
With balanced dual armature drivers to split the load of the high and low frequencies, these in-ear headphones will earn your trust as dependable monitors.
Step up to Sound Reality! These in-ear headphones from Audio-Technica combine a lightweight design with advanced drivers for truly high-fidelity audio.
Inside the ATH-CKR100iS' titanium housings are dual push-pull 13mm drivers that interact perfectly with each other to give you accurate, detailed playback.
Protect your equipment with this reliable surge block. Featuring a 15 ft cord and rugged casing, he SS-6B is ideal for studios and mobile DJs.
Your rack, while impressive, is useless without electricity. Power your gear and guard against surges with the affordable Furman M-8X2 power conditioner.
Don't let dirty power destroy your equipment. With a 15 amp load and 8 outlets, the Furman M8DX is capable of protecting your gear investments.
Stop power surges before they stop you. The PL Plus DMC offers surge protection and power conditioning to lower the noise caused by dirty power.
With its surge/spike protection and RFI/EMI filtration, the Furman M8LX keeps your gear from going up in smoke and your sound from popping and cracking.
Power up your racks. The ART PS4x4 PRO power conditioner has 8 outlets in back, with voltage/current LEDs, pull-out lights and an unswitched outlet in front.
Protect your gear from power spikes! With 9 wall-wart-spaced outlets, this Furman power conditioner delivers cleaner sound and worry-free surge protection.
More than just a power strip, the Furman PST-2+6 delivers clean AC power and surge suppression to 8 outlets -- plus, it protects your phone and cable lines.
Power your rig the smart way. The ADJ POW-R BAR65 power strip includes 6 AC outlets, 4 USB outs, a dedicated 2.1 amp USB out for faster charging, and more.
Clean, filtered power means better sound in your studio. Protect your gear from surges and deliver noise-free AC power with this 8-outlet Furman power strip.
Deliver clean, safe AC power to 6 outlets -- plus protect your phone and cable lines from transient voltages -- with this sturdy aluminum Furman surge strip.
With over 45 amps of reserve current, this powerful device can safely and sufficiently handle high-current equipment for maximum performance.
The Furman P1800 AR doesn't just protect against surging electricity, it also keeps all your equipment running at a regulated voltage for the best performance.
Designed to accommodate clunky power supplies, the PL8C will protect your electronic investments from the horrors of dirty power.
Protect your gear from spikes and surges with the ART PDS8u. This all-metal power strip has 8 AC outlets spaced to accommodate wall warts, plus 2 USB ports.
Power your rack with this Furman power distributor. With 10 rear panel outlets for your gear and a heavy-duty 6-foot cord, the D10 PFP is built to last.
Not all power strips are created equal. The Furman PST-8 delivers clean AC power and surge protection to 8 outlets, plus it protects cable and phone lines.
Clean power is a must for clean audio. This power distro provides 8 outlets with surge/spike protection, EMI & RFI filtering, and a gooseneck light in back.
Use a stage-appropriate power supply for your lights. The ADJ POWR BAR LINK has six 3-prong sockets with powerCON in and through for chaining multiple units.
Protect your gear from harmful problems such as over-voltage, brownouts, and energy spikes by using the Furman M8XAR Merit Series 15 amp voltage regulator.
Power your gear safely with the Furman PlugLock. This power strip fits up to 5 bulky "wall wart" AC adapters, and locks them in place with adjustable clamps.
Easily monitor your power supply and consumption with the Juice Goose Rackpower 200. This system gives you 10 AC outlets plus a USB charger!
World Tour's PD-6 rack-mounted power distributor provides 6 AC outlets spaced to accommodate wall warts, plus noise filtration and voltage spike protection.
Protect a rack full of gear against power surges and spikes with this 1U surge suppressor from CBI. With 6 outlets, there's plenty of room for your rig.
Sure to become a must-have, D'Addario's Tour Grade Power Base has 5 standard and 3 transformer outlets, plus an integrated cable management system!
The P16M personal headphone mixer from Behringer offers an easy, affordable way for musicians to create an optimal listening experience.
For big recording projects, Behringer's HA8000 headphone amp provides signal to 8 channels with direct input and master volume on each to customize mixes.
Send a stereo mix to the band! This 4-channel headphone amp has a 1/4" TRS input and four 1/4" outputs with individual level controls. AC adapter included.
Dial in your monitor mix with the EarMix 16M! Plug in a single Ethernet cable to stream 16 channels of audio from your StudioLive mixer (or any AVB source).
You do a lot of production work in headphones, but your audio interface's headphone output doesn't sound so good. Solution: Rupert Neve's RNHP headphone amp!
Distribute up to 16 channels of audio to 6 performers! The P16-I has 16 analog inputs, and 6 Ultranet jacks for Behringer Powerplay P16-M monitoring systems.
Add four headphone jacks to your home studio with this crystal-clear distribution amplifier. Each channel has an individual volume knob and 150 mW of power.
Turn one stereo source into four amply amplified stereo outs with the compact and durable Mackie HM-4 headphone amp. Includes level control for each output.
The Powerplay P16-D Distribution Hub from Behringer is the perfect companion to the Powerplay P16 personal monitor system.
Let performers build their perfect monitor mix! The ME-500 is plug-and-play with Aviom systems, and Allen & Health dLive, iLive, GLD and Qu digital consoles.
The ideal companion to the P16M personal mixer, the P16MB mounting bracket connects to any standard mic, music or drum stand so it fits right into your rig.
Your recording studio's command center, the Behringer CONTROL2USB puts source selection, talkback, monitor control and a big volume knob at your fingertips.
Give six listeners "more me." This headphone amp's six stereo outputs each have their own stereo aux input, EQ, L and R mono options, and pan/mix control.
Move up to a rackmount headphone amplifier with the Mackie HM-400. Each channel gets its own level, EQ, and aux input for easy and adjustable monitoring.
Send each band member a feed of just their instrument or voice, and control each level separately with the PreSonus HP60 6-Channel Headphone Mixing System.
Give every performer total control of their monitor mixes with Allen & Heath ME-1 Personal Monitor Mixers. Each ME-1 unit can receive 40 sources via CAT5.
This headphone amp adds additional channels to your home or studio setup without adding additional strain on the sound source.
Run up to 8 separate mixes with the Mackie HM-800 8-channel headphone amplifier -- its LED metering, input selection, and stereo/mono switches make it easy.
Running a group recording session? Send your mix out to 4 pairs of headphones with the affordable, easy-to-use Samson QH4 headphone amplifier.
Artist asking for "more me"? Let performers dial in their own headphone mixes with the MA400. This tiny mixer passes your microphone's signal transparently.
Mix with greater clarity, or enjoy your music with higher output and more prominent dynamics by adding the BigHead headphone amp to your signal path.
Don't plug those high-impedance audiophile headphones straight into your phone or laptop -- drive them with this rechargeable-battery-powered headphone amp.
Feed your wired in-ear monitors from this mini headphone amp! With an XLR-TRS input for your stereo or mono mix, the P2 runs for 12 hours on 2 AAA batteries.
The whole band can listen with this 4-channel headphone amp! The AMP800 offers stereo inputs, LED meters, and 4 stereo outputs with individual level knobs.
Audio-Technica's wireless headphone amp receives Bluetooth signals, then converts them to analog to drive your favorite wired headphones for up to 8 hours.
Hear your monitor mix clearly with PreSonus' HP2 headphone amplifier. Compact and battery-powered, it's made to tour and runs for seven hours on one battery.
Need more YOU in the monitors? This mini mixer lets you adjust levels independently on your mic, your instrument, and a stereo backing track or board feed.
Recording with the band at home? You need this 4-channel headphone amp. Send a stereo headphone mix to four listeners, each with individual volume controls.
This super-flexible headphone amp gives you 8 headphone outputs, 2 pairs of XLR/RCA/TRS stereo inputs, and 8 pairs of direct inputs for each output channel.
The In Ear Stick is the easy way to get wired in-ear monitors on stage! Feed a stereo or mono signal to the XLR-1/4" jack and plug in your 1/8" headphones.
Drive 4 pairs of headphones from one stereo source with this robust headphone amp. With both 1/8" and 1/4" outputs, the HATT4 accommodates all listeners.
With 24 beat variations and 9 rhythm patterns, the Boss DB-30 is a great solution to all your time-keeping needs.
The follow-up to the popular MA-30, the Korg MA-1 metronome is an indispensable practice tool -- no matter what time signature you want to play in.
Designed with drummers in mind, the Tama RW200 is loud enough to be heard over your band, and has enough control to keep up with complicated time signatures.
Great for solo performers, the Korg SY1M is an in-ear metronome that clips on to your ear, keeping you on-beat at your chosen tempo.
An essential practice tool for perfecting your rhythm, this easy-to-read metronome has an onboard speaker and headphone jack to help you play to the beat.
A fun way to improve your rhythm, the Korg Beatlab is a metronome that evaluates how well you stay on-beat as you play along to its patterns.
Stay on-beat with the Korg IE1M metronome. Its in-ear design pumps the tempo directly to your ear, so the beat won't get drowned out from other noise.
Get two essential tools in one! The Boss TU-30 pairs an easy-to-read tuner with a metronome in a compact, battery-powered enclosure that goes anywhere.
Dancers -- keep the beat with the Korg SY1D! This in-ear metronome clips on for a secure fit and keeps you in sync with whichever tempo you choose.
One, two, three, fore! Korg's SR1G is a metronome that fits like an earbud, helping you hone your golf swing by keeping it in perfect rhythm.
With a folding tripod base for travel and storage, and a large 13-1/2" x 18-3/4" bookplate, this adjustable-height music stand is a must for any musician.
Don't be left in the dark. This adjustable light clips securely onto a music stand, so you can always see your sheet music. It's ideal for use in orchestras.
Clip this battery-powered, adjustable-brightness LED gooseneck light to your music stand, equipment case or rack -- or set it flat on a desktop.
Easy to transport and built for road use, the On-Stage SM7122 folding music stand belongs in your gear inventory.
Tired of flimsy music stands? This steel and aluminum orchestra stand is sturdy enough to hold a big binder full of sheet music without tipping.
This mini music stand clamps to your microphone stand to hold song lists, charts, and notes. Only 5x7", it's easy to stash in your gig bag and take anywhere.
The On-Stage SM7222B tripod sheet music stand remains stable thanks to its tubular tripod base and rubber ends. It's also easy to adjust between 20" - 52".
The bright white LEDs of this On Stage music stand light easily illuminate two pages of sheet music, while adjustable arms help set that light just right.
Put your light right where you need it. This clip-on lamp has two LEDs with individual on/off switches on adjustable goosenecks, in high-visibility red.
Stock up on the hugely popular music stand found in orchestra halls, rehearsal spaces, and school band rooms everywhere: the Manhasset Symphony Music Stand.
Hold everything! This pro music stand has a sturdy folding base, and a solid wood bookplate a full 22" wide to hold oversized sheet music, tuners, and more.
Whether you're sight-reading on a dark stage, or engrossed in a novel during a camping trip, Ansmann's Twin-Flex light lets you read on without eye strain.
Don't be caught without a music stand at your next rehearsal. The On-Stage SM7022B offers both stability and portability.
Got a folding music stand like the On-Stage SM7022, SM7122 or SM7222? Store it in this bag between performances and lessons to keep it in show-ready shape.
Let there be light! The K&M 2-LED Flexlight features 2 extra bright LEDs rated for 100,000 hours, a flexible gooseneck, and an extra wide stand clip.
Light up your music with the On-Stage LED2214 USB sheet music light, featuring a flexible gooseneck, 4 high-intensity LEDs and 25 hours of light per charge.
With 8 total high-intensity LEDs and up to 15 hours of illumination per charge, the On-Stage LED2224 dual music light keeps your music out of the dark!
With its single LED design, adjustable light beam and compact size, the K&M LED Flexlight fits perfectly on any music stand, mix desk, or pedalboard.
Eliminate cable clutter with this fully balanced 48-point 1/4" TRS patchbay. Each channel has a switch for 3 selectable modes: Normal, Thru and Half Normal.
The classic Fender logo envelops you in all its glory whenever you slip into this classic 100% pre-shrunk cotton T-shirt.
Take it back to 1833 with this special Martin T-shirt. Its custom graphics celebrate Martin's legacy of handcrafted excellence that carries on today.
Wear your love for Martin Guitars. With its vintage-looking design and buttery-soft feel, this Martin T-shirt will soon become one of your favorite shirts!
Support your beloved Gibson brand with this small, medium, large, or Xtra large Gibson logo t-shirt.
Putting this Gibson logo flex baseball cap on will make your head look almost as good as a Les Paul headstock.
Show your love for your favorite music gear store -- rock this limited-edition 20th-anniversary zZounds T-shirt! Hurry -- limited quantities are available.
Show some love for your favorite brand of cymbals with this classic and comfortable Zildjian T-shirt. No one will mistake you for a guitarist again!
Show your love for the loud, gritty tone of Fender amps with this 100% cotton t-shirt, featuring a "Bolt Down" amp badge design on charcoal or gray shirts.
This comfortable men's embroidered hoodie sports the signature Gibson logo -- the perfect zip-up hooded sweatshirt for any Gibson enthusiast.
Express your appreciation of classic and modern guitars and musical equipment with the lightweight, shrink-resistant Gibson Custom Shop heather T-shirt.
Profess your love for Zildjian with this embroidered baseball cap. With its sturdy Velcro straps, this hat will adjust to fit your head comfortably.
This tee is emblazoned with the Thunderbird bass logo so that when you rip it off and throw it to the screaming fans, they'll know you always rock in style.
Show your Gretsch pride with this "Great Gretsch Sound" T-shirt. Made from 100% cotton, this shirt is soft and comfortable -- and it makes a great gift!
Celebrate Fender's 70-plus-year legacy with this long-sleeve T-shirt. Its black-and-white design looks good with any outfit -- or any Fender instrument.
Proudly show your discerning taste with the stylized logos and solid construction of the Zildjian adjustable ranger cap.
Whether you're sippin' suds with your buds or in the zone brewing up killer tone, this Fender Beer Label shirt is for los brochachos who like to hang loose.
Sporting the black Zildjian Flexfit baseball hat is more than a fashion statement; it's a stylish symbol of your passion for the cymbal manufacturer.
This Martin shirt honors the skilled Nazareth, PA luthiers who make Martin guitars by hand just like they have since 1833.
Your eardrums shouldn't take the same abuse as your drum kit. EARasers earplugs filter sound without muffling it, so you hear music as it is -- only quieter.
Etymotic's ETY earplugs protect your hearing by "turning down the volume" -20 dB, while letting you hear the full spectrum of your mix live or at practice!
Fender cares about your ears -- it's why they developed Touring Series Hi-Fi ear plugs, offering up to 12 dB noise reduction without muffling what you hear.
Protect your hearing while still hearing your mix clearly! Etymotic's ER-20XS high-definition earplugs reduce sound evenly across the spectrum by -20 dB.
Ears are a musician's most valuable tool. Protect yours with Etymotic MP 9-15 earplugs, which "listen" to the environment and reduce sound by up to -15 dB.
Protecting your hearing is crucial if you're a musician. With two different filter styles and an included carrying case, Vater earplugs are a great choice.
Ideal for protecting your ears during practice sessions, these non-electronic, Vic Firth drummer's isolation headphones reduce noise levels by 22 decibels.
Keep your EARasers earplugs looking like new. This kit includes two pairs of EARasers replacement sleeves, and a special tool to remove the old sleeves.
Maintain your trumpet in between performances with the valve oil, tuning key grease, polishing cloth, mouthpiece brush and snake in this care pack!
Keep your brass instrument sounding and playing its very best by keeping On-Stage VOL2000 valve oil in your case. This 2 oz bottle goes a long way!
Keep your low brass instrument in pristine condition with the On-Stage LBK5800 Super Saver Kit -- it comes with all the cleaning supplies you need!
Keep your French horn safe and secure during performances or practice. The stand's tilt-back angle and splayed footprint keeps the stand from tipping over.
The Clarinet Super Saver Kit comes with everything you need to keep your clarinet clean, both inside and out -- including a swab, polishing cloth, and more.
The Flute Super Saver Kit comes with everything to keep your flute clean: pad papers, cork grease, polishing cloth, dusting brush, and cleaning rod cloths.
Keep your alto sax looking shiny and new with the On-Stage SXK5800 Super Saver kit! It has everything you need to clean your instrument.
Stick the On-Stage FRS5000 microfiber pad inside your flute to keep the inside of your instrument dry and protect your pads from deteriorating.
It may look like chapstick, but it's not for your lips! Keep your corks moisturized with the On-Stage CGS1500B premium cork grease.
Lower your trombone's volume and create a slightly thinner, more metallic tone with the On-Stage TBM7000 straight mute, made of high-grade aluminum and cork.
The Alto Sax Super Saver kit has all you need to keep your instrument sounding its best, like a chamois swab, cork grease, a mouthpiece brush and more!
Keep your trombone sounding great -- this On-Stage kit includes slide oil, a trombone snake, mouthpiece brush, grease for tuning slides and polishing cloth.
The On-Stage SRS5000 moisture magnet goes inside your flute when you store it in its case and helps to  keep the pads on your keys from deteriorating.
Prevent neck strain by getting a nice, padded saxophone strap like the On-Stage SPS5000! It comfortably and reliably holds your sax while you play.
The two-in-one On-Stage Magic Mist not only serves as a mouthpiece disinfectant, but also as a spray that freshens up your instrument case!
The On-Stage CFS3000 zig zag clarinet swab makes cleaning the inside of your clarinet easy. Just drop it into your instrument and pull the weighted end!
Add a Bluetooth receiver to any mixer or speaker's XLR input -- just plug in the Alto Bluetooth Total. Need stereo audio? Link two Bluetooth Total receivers!
Keep your cables firmly in place without leaving sticky residue on them with gaffer's tape -- the accessory no stage crew should be without.
Give your friends and bandmates a place to sit -- while letting them know you're a true Gibson zealot -- with this rotating barstool from Gibson.
This gift certificate is a PDF that is delivered via email within a business day. Give the gift of choice -- a perfect fit for any musician or music lover.
Don't let your voice go out -- the show must go on! Vocal Eze all-natural throat spray soothes vocal stress or strain with its proprietary blend of herbs.
What better way to kick back after a gig than taking a seat on this super-cool 24-inch Fender bar stool? It also makes a great seat for practicing licks!
Collect them all! This 6-inch LTD John Mayer electric guitar ornament from PRS sports the design details that make the John Mayer Silver Sky guitar unique.
The GaffGun makes taping cables a breeze! Snap in a cable guide to fit the size and number of cables, and roll the GaffGun for a clean tape job every time.
Whether you're decorating your practice space or your "man-cave", the EVH Eddie Van Halen bar stool makes a comfortable, stylish addition to any room.

With RCA, 1/8", and USB connectors, this mini Bluetooth transmitter/receiver lets you stream audio to or from your analog mixer, vinyl turntable, and more.
Stream audio from a Bluetooth device to any mixer, powered speaker, or snake box with an XLR input. The BTI Blox sums stereo audio to a balanced mono signal.
Decorate your home -- and share that you're a Fender fan -- with these comfy Fender Custom Shop barstools.
For keeping your connections in perfect shape, this solution can't be beat. DeoxIT will protect your gear from oxidation and dirt.
Add a professional-quality Bluetooth receiver to your DJ rig or venue PA system with the Denon DN-200BRX. Balanced XLR and 1/4" outputs plug into your mixer.
Got a Tascam DR recorder? Complete your mobile recording rig with this accessory pack, featuring a windscreen, grip, power adapter and carrying case!
Outfit your home or studio with this stylish Fender barstool. The foam-padded seat top features the Fender spaghetti logo and is lined in silver sparkle.
Need a new reed for your Roland Aerophone saxophone? Pick up this official Roland replacement mouthpiece for the Aerophone AE-10 digital wind instrument.
Need gaffer's tape? Made to fit the GaffGun, GT Pro tape is a sturdy, coated cloth tape that's weather resistant and removes easily without leaving residue.
Connect your TV or other audio device to the MEE Audio Connect via TOSLINK, 3.5mm or RCA cable, and stream audio to your Bluetooth headphones or speakers!
Show off these great-looking vinyl Gibson stickers on your notebook, folder, computer, car windows, or your Gibson guitar case!
Charge your battery-powered gadgets on the go with this portable battery charger. It's compatible with any device that charges via USB.
From taping down cables to stage marking, American DJ gaff tape is invaluable on any gig or video shoot. Don't get caught without a roll when you need it!
Dust, lint, and other small materials can cause big problems for audio gear and computers. Eliminate them with this Hosa compressed air cleaner.
How do you take your coffee? In a Fender mug! This Fender bistro-style mug is a great vehicle for your favorite warm beverages.
Mark your console with this specially-designed marking tape that leaves no residue. It's great for assigning channels on a mixer.
Whether you're covering cables or marking stages, GT Duct tape will do the job! Its waterproof backing makes it great for both indoor and outdoor uses.
Charge your smartphone, tablet, camera, or thousands more devices from the wall, your car, your computer or even the sun with the Revolve xeMini charger.
Start off your day the rocking way with a Gibson Classic mug. Microwave and dishwasher safe with a glossy inner finish and matte outer coat, holds 14 ounces.
Keep this stage tape handy so you can tape down wires, mark stage blocking, or make on-the-fly repairs to equipment.
Add Bluetooth audio to your home or car stereo. Just pair the Hosa Drive receiver to your Bluetooth device, and plug its 1/8" audio cable into your aux in.
Keep the stage neat, tidy and safe! Planet Waves gaffers tape keeps your cables in place without leaving sticky residue on stage.
This wall charger charges two USB mobile devices at once -- and when there's no outlet, it's a backup battery that can give you up to 3 hours of talk time.
Designed to fit the GaffTech GaffGun, this high-visibility yellow-and-black striped tape is perfect for safety marking. Use it backstage, on steps and more.
Start your day with a sip from this JHS camper mug. Its enameled steel build helps it keep 12 oz of your favorite drink hot, just like your guitar tone.
Always have fresh batteries handy with the Powerline 4 Pro battery charger. This versatile tool even charges your USB devices!
Dirty connections can ruin your sound and your gear. This lubricant will protect and lubricate gold and other metal connections from wear and abrasions.
Made of premium vinyl, the GT Dance tape will help you mark and splice dance floors with the GaffTech GaffGun -- without twisting or leaving residue.
For a clean signal path, you need clean cables. Clean and protect the metal connectors on your patch cables and instrument cords with DeoxIT Contact Cleaner.
Keep all your batteries and USB devices powered up with the versatile, compact Ansmann Energy 16 Plus. It charges quickly and even diagnoses faulty cells.
Just squeeze the xeMicro charger with your hand to generate emergency power for your iPhone or Droid -- or plug it into the wall to charge two USB devices.
Create a space to store cables, headphones, guitar straps and more. The On-Stage CM200 gives you 4 free-sliding, space-adjustable 4" hooks to hang your gear.
Get the right tape for your GaffGun! GaffTech's GT Mask masking tape roll is well suited to survive the elements, making it a good choice for outdoor events.
Your Revolve xeMini keeps your mobile devices charged anywhere you go -- keep it running by using this Revolve lithium polymer replacement battery.
When's the last time you cleaned the ends of your guitar cable, or the patchbay in your studio? Try DeoxIT contact cleaner -- it improves metal conductivity.
GaffTech gaffer's tape features CoreLock technology, which makes it a perfect fit with the GaffGun for quick, easy and consistent taping jobs.
This handy receiver picks up Bluetooth audio streamed from a mobile device, sums it to mono, and outputs balanced XLR audio to your mixer or powered speaker.
Control your Tascam solid-state recorder with the RC-SS20 Direct Play remote, featuring a control panel with illuminated buttons and "EOM" indicator light.
Own a Tascam DR-70D or DR-701D recorder? Get better recording quality with this accessory pack featuring a windscreen, shoe mount and two 3.5mm cables.
Clean up the sound of your films with this accessory pack from Tascam. Use the furry windscreen to prevent wind noise, and carry everything in the soft case.
Take care of your cables! This CAIG DeoxIT kit cleans, protects and actually chemically improves metal-to-metal contacts on audio, video, and data cables.
Much smaller and lighter than an accordion, and capable of a wide tonal range, the Hohner D40 Concertina is perfect for gigging. A padded bag is included.
Brush up on theory without expensive private lessons using EarMaster Pro 7 ear training software. Includes courses on sight-singing, rhythm, scales and more.
With the eMedia Singing Method software, you can improve your singing technique without splurging on expensive voice lessons.
Uke can do it! Add some technique to your playing with eMedia Ukulele Method software and take your strumming, picking, and sight-reading to the next level.